{"review": "hello friends , simply put , you ca n't go wrong with cook out food . cook to order , and inexpensive.never had a milkshake but it 's their claim to fame . i wo n't waste time repeating what 's been typed already . i will say this ... .. chicken club is my favorite . and this is prime location . ttfn", "score": "4"}
{"review": "before i moved to cotswald , i lived eerily close to a cook out . i would tell myself i was going repeatedly for the food , but deep down i knew it was a lie . i was going for the milkshakes and my former size 32 waist could vouch for this realization . the milkshakes are simply devastatingly good . do not attempt to suck these bad boys through a straw , you will get lockjaw faster than paris hilton on ritalin . use the provided plastic spoon and eat yourself into buying new jeans heaven .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place can and will hurt you : ) , every time i go to charlotte i make bee line right to cook out ! and buy 4 bbq sandwiches , knowing that is to much for the avg bear . ok you get the bbq plate - bbq , 2 sides and drink for $ 4.50 what in the world . i wish someone can send me some overnight to tracy calif . going back in less then 20 days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast food is fast food . this place has some good prices , way better than your average mcdonald 's . quick service . it 's a fun place to try every now and then . the milkshakes are very thick , so plan on using a spoon ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh , i am afraid even to write about cook out . i gained 20 pounds last year with their crackshakes ... i mean milkshakes . my standard is the oreo cookie shake , but every now and then , i 'd mix it up with a cobbler shake or a crazy chocolate cherry kind of thing . you also ca n't go wrong with the peanut butter fudge option ... and add bananas to the peanut butter fudge , and you have something spectacular ... cook out may not have the greatest service , and other than milkshakes and french fries , there is absolutely nothing for vegetarians ... but it matters not . there is no better milkshake in the world ... nowhere , ever . i 'm not exaggerating . perhaps it 's not quite proper to call them milkshakes , as you ca n't really suck them through a straw . it 's spoon-only . if you have n't had cook out yet , you are missing a vital part of charlotte culture . this little chain is only available in our region ... we are truly favored by the gods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cook out is a must . every time i see one i have to stop . great prices , great quality , and awesome shakes . their menu is all inclusive and you 'll feel like you got your money 's worth once you leave . it can be difficult to find fast food that 's fresh , but their burgers are grilled to order ... when you bring up genuine fast food take a trip to cook out and please do n't forget to order a shake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there yesterday and ordered a chocolate cherry shake and a half-pound burger . i got ta say the shake was dynamite , but the burger sent me howling for mama ! never in my life have i had such a dry crumbling burger . it almost , no , it actually did fall apart in my hand , i 'll never order that again , but i do have to say the shakes are worth getting ... again and again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cook out otherwise known as my fatty food fantasy ; simply put this place is amazing . i have to stop here every time i 'm in charlotte . no , it 's not healthy , but who cares when you can get a foot long hot dog , hush puppies , chicken nuggets , and an oreo milk shake for under $ 8 ! ! ! oh and the milk shakes are truly amazing ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just love their burgers and the choices & i 'm glad it 's a normal sized burger . i 'm not a fan of their fries , but that 's ok . milkshakes are phenomenal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always check your money , that have a habit of shorting you . the rude kid tried to short me 5 dollars and then he said i must have lost it but he swore he gave it too me . someone came and gave me my missing 5 dollars . my brother who is a manager at a cookout said they should have broken the register down . i 'm never coming back to this cookout again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate lunch here today . i do n't know why i keep coming back but i do . it has to be the price . it has to be ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always quick and great late night customer service . the staff is helpful and engaging", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the second worse place i 've eaten . my son ordered a `` cheese dog '' . now , when i say `` cheese dog '' you would think they were talking about a hot dog with cheese . not . their version of a cheese dog is a hot dog bun with american cheese and toppings ... .no hot dog . i asked them why do you call it a cheese dog ... it should be called a cheese bun . furthermore , it is a drive-thru only ( well the location we went to ) . day-um .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i try to get my friends to mail me the shakes , or at least bring them with them when they fly out to see me . when i was living in charlotte , there was no way i could drive past cook out without stopping . and it 's super cheap ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service needs improvement , forgot items on my order . fortunately manager was apologetic ! ! got my items right", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thank you ! excellent customer service ! answered my call and gave me some basic information . very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are putting fence up for our neighbor but they are in our yard walking on my flowers .breaking them off , taking our rocks that we paid for and putting in her yard.you say something to them and they smile and say sorry . her yard is all dirt nothing in it to walk on but my yard is landscape . plus we paid for mound in our yard they were cutting the side off for her fence . but mound is in our yard not on the border line . 7 17 15", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jon the owner of pinnacle fencing solutions was promptly on time , provided me with a quote shortly after doing a walk-through and was very professional . the pool fence that was installed looks amazing and was everything we asked for . hired them again to do a security gate that is sure to last many years and plan on having them do more work to extend the height of an existing brick wall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic work ! i love our new block wall and gate . we are in a neighborhood that gets irrigation the trees are huge and so we 're the oleanders , which is where i wanted a new block wall . the problem we had is that the oleanders were the only thing that kept our back yard secure . we have a pool in our yard so once they were gone we had no way of securing the pool from someone falling in . jon had his crew put up temporary fencing to protect my backyard while the oleanders were removed for bulk trash pickup . jon 's company was booked out several week before they could build my wall , but they went out of their way to help me secure my yard for weeks . we are going to continue with more wall construction soon . really good company . highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment with jon for some block work and some gate at my house . he was very professional , showed up 5 minutes early , and was easy to talk to . after meeting him , i knew i would be using his company . i am glad i did . i saw the work he did on my neighbors fence , i see i why they passed along his information to me with ease ... i do recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called and made an appointment and jon came out to assess what we needed done . he was late and did not bother to call and let me know he was running late . then , a week goes by and i had not received a quote so i emailed asking about it . i have never heard a word back . not good business . could not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the most unprofessional company i have ever worked with . a gate was delivered that was not the color we ordered . the bolts were not powder coated but a can of spray paint was provided . jon refused to return over 20 calls . i spoke with a receptionist who screamed at me . we were sold a service `` that they do n't usually do '' . if it 's not something they did they should never have contracted it . instead they were angry and delivered an inferior product .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from start to finish everything with pinnacle was excellent . from the puntual on site estimate , to the courteous workers and solid craftsmanship . plus they had the best pricing of any of our estimates . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great company to work with from start to finish . there pricing was more than fair and the work was done on time and for the price quoted . we love our new fence and would recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow what a great company ! they went completely above and beyond in service and quality workmanship . the fence and gate they built in my backyard look amazing . i have already referred them to 2 friends and they are both extremely happy with pinnacle . i would recommend this company to anyone . a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a cedar fence installed in my back yard . could n't be happier . very professional treatment by jon ( owner ) and his crew . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jon and pinnacle have built two fences for me over the years and have always done a great job . jon inspects the job personally to make sure everything is done right . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst bank ever . if fraud happens on your account . they will do nothing to help . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible bank . terrible service . went in to check on my business account . waited 20 minutes to be sat with a banker only to be told , there was some one in front of you please take a seat we will help you in a moment . 35 minutes later , banker could n't help . called merchant services and that was even worse . after one hour of nothing ... . left with even more frustration and uneasy . zero interest in helping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love nostalgic moments ~ when i was a kid and lived in cali there happened to be a thrifty on my way to the school bus and let 's just say i had a lot of ice cream back in those days : ) my flavor of choice as a kid was rainbow sherbet ! my mouth would turn orange , green & purple and i could n't lie to my parents ever when they asked if i had any ice cream before coming home : ) the unique shape the ice cream scoopers make is fun and this place has an old school feel to it . is the ice cream the best ? no is the honest truth . but for me it 's nostalgic and sometimes you need some of that flavor in life . it 's also cheaper then most of the other bigger guys and they have lots of flavors . counted 32 on my last visit . they also make shakes , malts , banana sundaes and other fun stuff along with fresh waffle cones that always smell amazing !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a coupon for a free scoop from thrifty and stropped in to redeem it . i got a scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough . i was the only person in the place so service was very good . i think the ice cream is ok but i would n't drive here just to get that . i think there are store brands that are just as good . thrifty is ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite ice cream shop . i did not grow up on thrifty ice cream so my 5-star rating is not based on childhood memories or whatnot . it really is the best tasting ice cream , in my opinion . i 've been to a lot of places & they just ca n't compare . baskin , dq , coldstone , etc . overrated & overpriced ! thrifty has excellent , unique flavors : green tea , circus animal crackers , cotton candy , chocolate malt crunch , red velvet , i can keep going . it 's so creamy , flavor is exactly what it 's supposed to taste like . milky , yummy goodness . oh and workers are extremely nice , seriously . no matter how busy they get . i 'll be back over & over again . even in the winter ! haha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointing . the funky looking ice cream scooper is kinda cool . when you look in the coolers at all the flavor choices you think to yourself this is going to be good . but then you have a seat and finally try it and ... .well let 's just say it 's not all that . my wife did n't like her ice cream and ended up tossing hers out about halfway into it . but the ultimate test was my 4 year old ... and he ended up throwing his cone in the trash after about 4 bites . ymmv : your mileage may vary but i 'm not a fan , my family does n't like it either and we wo n't try it again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent ice cream , but honestly it 's not any better than a place like cold stone or baskin robbins . i understand that a lot of people grew up eating this stuff , but that does n't make it better . obviously , some folks have a sentimental attachment to the brand ( kinda like east coasters loving tasty cakes ) and it clouds their judgment . the guy behind the counter was super nice even though he was slammed and the only one working . 2.5 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not the best ice cream around but its more about memories and the square size scoop . one person working at the time kept clean . have chairs available and a lot of flavors . just like i remember .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in yesterday to pick up some chocolate malted crunch ! ! the place was really clean and the employee was kind ! why did i knock off a star ? because of the price for a quart of ice cream . lets be real if rite aid was still around a gallon of ice cream would be around 3-4 bucks ( in addition to any weekly sale ) . shops like these though charge 7 bucks for a quart . oh well this pregnant lady has to have her chocolate malted crunch lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprised to see a stand alone thrifty 's ice cream shop . yes , i agree with the other reviews . i think that i built up thrifty 's ice cream in my mind because of nostalgia . i got my old time favorite rocky road . average ice cream .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the ice cream here ... glad this place is finally open and on my radar ! the service was great ... just need to invest in the decor ... seems like they ran out our money for investing in the tables chairs . the more chairs and tables the more patrons can sit and enjoy their ice creams family style ... .but that 's just my take ... .ice cream is still good i 'll be returning", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just found out this was here when the gas station closed . i did n't know this whole time ! i thought it was gone forever ! was very excited to see it and tried it today . i have to say i much prefer this to getting ice cream from a gas station lol . will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend was craving ice cream after our dinner and he kept going on about how great thifty 's ice cream was since he 's from california . so we found this little place and it was a lot busier than i expected . then i realize it 's national ice cream day and the poor guy working in there was the only employee . he seemed a bit stressed out but he still took the time to ask how we were and was very polite throughout . the decor in there is pretty bland and only just a few tables to sit at . i did n't want to hold up the line and sample every flavor that sounded good so i got strawberry cheesecake to be on the safe side . i 've never seen a cylindrical shaped scoop before so i thought that was pretty interesting . the ice cream tastes exactly like the name - but there 's nothing overly exciting about it . this place is n't too far from me so i 'll probably stop by should i ever crave ice cream .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love thrifty 's ice cream ! ! ! ! super nice staff ! ! she was funny ! ! loved her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited to try thrifty ice cream since i can remember loving their ice cream as a child . there was nothing to spectacular about this place . the service was just ok . the ice cream itself was pretty good but it 's not so good that i will make a special trip here for ice cream . they could jazz the place up a bit and i think it would be much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious ice cream . i 've been here plenty of times , esp when they were located in that formerly defunct gas station . the ice cream is delicious and unique - animal cookie flavor is my favorite as of late . the 2 scoop cone is a very generous serving ... this coming from a person who loves sweets and sugar . perhaps because i usually stop here after a meal . found that it 's more effective for me and my boo to share a 2 scoop and put a cup on it ; rather than us getting 2 cones . this only works if one person so graciously does n't mind no cone . you can also buy packaged ice cream and take it home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ice cream is good . i did not know about thriftys ice cream but they have a quite a following . so i tried it finally . it 's good ice cream without the heavy price like some frou frou ones that i go to . yes all those damn yogurt places and their sprinkles . not for me but for the date . else i just come to thriftys or get a cheap old albertsons brand frozen soft flavored ice that they call ice cream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love how you can get your favorite flavors in different sizes for a good price . when my family & i crave we buy quarts & keep them in our freezer . circus animal cookie is my favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tons of thrify ice cream flavors . it was a $ 1.79 for a single scoop in a cup , but it 's close to my house . only minus was there was a weird cleaning chemical smell . i hope that goes away soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ice cream is so good ! an the cones always taste fresh ! the workers are super nice an they always hook it up with the sprinkles ! the lines are never an issue when i go there even during peak times which is a plus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "peanuts were rancid on top of my ice cream sundae ... .obviously old . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly disappointed ... usually once in a great while i like to take my family to thriftys ice cream parlor so i googled one and found this one . after about a 20-minute drive i walk into the store with the sole purpose of having a banana split . i asked for one and the employee said she did not have the boat to put the banana in so she could not make a banana split . i 've then requested a different banana icecream but she was unable to do it in a large size . at this point feeling a little bit frustrated at the lack of choices i went ahead and asked for pistachio nut . what you know all out until tomorrow . at the end of my visit i walked out with a sad single scoop pecan paroline and a $ 20 bill of sadness . whoever is in charge of the logistical process in that store needs a little bit of training . the sole purpose of an ice cream parlor is have ice cream when you do not have ice cream you fail as an ice cream parlor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "still the best ice cream and plenty of flavors to choose from . it 's always nice and chill in there . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a cheap place to get a cold one . a cold ice cream that is ! yeah that was bad , but anyway , a good selection of great ice cream . i think they keep prices down by not investing in the store . it 's a little run down looking , needs some tlc . we did n't mind though , and i write this as chocolate mint chip drips down my hands ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to say , our trip to thrifty 's was the worst way to end our holiday get together . the woman working the counter was so rude . all i did was ask how big a large milk shake was ... but i guess i said the wrong thing . she never even answered me , she just displayed tons of attitude and thrust the large sized cup toward us . there was no hello , no thank you , no screw you , nothing . i wo n't be back , and even better , i will make sure that i tell everyone else . after twenty years working for tips , this woman did a great job reminding me why some people ca n't make any .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a pregnant woman 's dream . the location is kind of hidden , i work next door and that 's the only reason i know about it . pretty basic as far as flavors go but for the price you ca n't complain . good place to come in for a quick scoop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wish i could give 0 stars . hope the owners get it together ! stopped by about 8pm . the sign on the store said in was open until 10pm , and there was a blinking neon open sign . doors were locked ! knocked . oh well . as we were getting in the car a gruff looking guy with pants at half mast , a huge chain hanging from his pants and a thrifty 's shirt came sauntering across the parking lot cigarette in hand . we watched as he opened the doors ... went to baskin robins . orange with rocky road is always a good choice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was so excited when i found out thrifty 's was still here in vegas , as i had thought they all left along with riteaid 's closing years ago . luckily , the ice cream still tastes the same to me as it did when i was younger . i love the butter pecan and pecan praline . they always give a little extra ice cream when i order , whether it be one or two scoops . no frills about this location or the seating inside , but it serves it 's purpose . it 's a very simple store with a variety of flavors to choose from , either in a cup or a cone . no major complaints out of me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "child hood memories ! i love there pistachio , back in the day , when i was little , i use to get this , but it had cashews in it ! it now has pistachio 's in it . i also got the banana nut . it was good , i will continue to go to the thrifty ice cream shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place just brings back great childhood memories . it 's more nostalgic than anything . the ice cream is still the same as it 's always been , same good flavors but nothing special except the unique shaped scoops of ice cream . my favorite flavors here are the mint chip and cappuccino crunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i was a kid this was a sunday norm . first to blockbuster for a movie , thriftys for ice cream , then the liquor store so my dad could get some beer . i always loved it and looked forward to it . their ice cream has n't changed either . i got a scoop of the amaretto and it had tons of cherries and nuts all mixed in it . i sampled a couple of other flavors and will be back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after looking everywhere for a mobile ecm programming service i found these guys . for faster service ( according to their website & voicemail ) i texted them for a quote was happy with the price , so a couple days later i texted in order to schedule an appointment and never received a response . waited a couple days texted again and also called , no response and they never picked up . i contacted them everyday last week via text and by calling and no one has picked up or texted back . considering they 're the only only company that does this & is also mobile that i could find , this is very frustrating . it would be nice to give a review on the actual repair service but i wouldnt know ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use paul at least once a week . great guy and goes the extra mile to help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after posting this comment they contacted me and fixed the car . i retract my comment . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use neal all the time . very talented and knowledgeable . i appreciate the great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere here is quiet and private . neighbors are friendly and the staff are extremely pleasant . i use the fitness center throughout the week and they are always on top of keeping it clean and stocked for the residents . same goes for the pool ! ca n't wait to have guest over and bbq on the grills outside . there 's even a playground area for the kids that live here . the property is gated , safe , and quiet . just how i like it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , great experience with black mountain at henderson . the staff is very friendly and helpful . the maintenance staff is great , they are super prompt to fix any problems . the complex is quiet , clean and well maintained . the apartments are spacious and updated nicely . we kind of rushed them with our move in date , but they were extremely accommodating and helpful in making it happen . i would highly recommend living here to anyone searching in the south henderson area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst sushi i 've ever had in my life ! it took more than half an hour to get our food ( and they were not busy ) , when we did finally get it the food was inedible . the rice was soggy & so was the tempura . the staff was barely competent and even after interrogating me as to why i could not eat more than 5 pieces would not even take a dollar off the almost 30 that disgusting meal cost me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . run . fast ! ! ( and pray that you can hold your diarrhea in until you get home ) . food is horrible . the ayce signs outside are a come-on , and the whole thing is a scam because the rolls are 90 % rice . fish is not fresh . and they serve the cheapest ( i.e. , fried rice-heavy ) items first and conveniently 'forget ' about the sashimi , etc . staff is incredibly rude . floors and tables are filthy- would hate to see what their kitchen looks like if this is their cleanliness standard . partner and i were sick for days after . not sure how they are still in business ... ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "complete shite ayce . yes , it 's cheap . but it 's freaking awful . i was taken here on a really bad date ( first & last ) once . the rolls look like they were made by a blindfolded 8 year old cutting with a hacksaw . they come out mostly rice with one tiny slice of rotten avocado or cucumber as an afterthought , doused in that sickingly sweet glaze sauce that makes everything taste better . the decor is cheap and dated . i ca n't rememer if the service was horrible or not , so it was probably adequate . there 's cheap and then there 's mariko cheap . do n't say i did n't warn you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the red snapper shashimi was soggy and mashed up . the waiter could barely comprehend what i wanted to order . she looked half asleep . i was ordering takeout and i asked for a fork with my garden salad . she predictably forgot . it was difficult just paying for the order -- as she seemed so distracted and was n't on hand to take my cash . my verdict : mediocre food , poor service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just do n't eat here , trust me . they forgot our order not once - not twice- but five times . each time we had to fill out a new order sheet and give it to them and they lost it each time ! not to mention the food was an embarrassment . how this place is still in business is beyond me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible , disgusting , and ridiculous . do yourself a favour and pay an extra 5 dollars for quality food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place used to be really good before they renovated the location . however , the last time i went back to this place in september , the sushi rolls were basically the size of a coke can with an extremely big overload of rice . i would actually consider it a rice ball more than sushi . we had ayce but all we ended up getting were the rolls first and by the time we got through the rolls we had no more space for the sashimi . bottom line , they tried to fill us up with rice so that we would eat less of the sashimi or other food on the menu ( cheaper for them ) . this place for sure will run out of business if they keep this up . even the lady serving us felt bad and understood when we wanted her to take away the remaining of the rice clumps .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i personally love mariko and have been going there for years . the sashimi is always top notch and the service is usually pretty good . it has been most times i have been there . they offer two all you can eat menus that are very reasonably priced and have a decent variety as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after watching a great hot doc , my fiance and i were hungry and saw this place directly across the street . we went with the more expensive ayce menu . service was n't so good . our waitress barely spoke english and was not very attentive . never noticed even a smile out of her . we were seated near the front of the restaurant and felt a draft everytime the door was opened ( also , there was a piercing squeak noise that happened everytime the door was pushed open all the way ) . now onto the food ... sushi was so so with too much rice used . most of the had a pickled taste to it ... ..not sure what it was nor do i want to know now . sashimi was sub par . grilled meat tasted a little grisly and was n't cooked enough . i guess you pay for what you get and i should have walked further down the street t an a la carte sushi place . i will not go back to this place ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst sushi place ever ! the food is not fresh ( you can see black stuff on the avocado ) . the fish is not fresh also , the taste is a bit weird . there are orders missing so we have to order again . when the order came , there is soooooooooooo much rice on the roll ( i never see that much rice in a roll ) . even the yam tempera is not sweet . worst place ever . too bad i forgot to take picture of the food to prove myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "too much rice filled with vinegar . subpar if not rude service and stairs that you can die on walking to the washroom where you will want to vomit from the overpriced , terrible eating experience you just had . got sick from eating here and regret giving these owners any money . do n't believe the signs or the location , this place will be bankrupt soon and is a disgrace to sushi everywhere . head over to big sushi , sushi on bloor or really anywhere on the street you will have food that is 30x tastier with much nicer staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 're regulars here , often going on a weeknight after work . we get great food -- though sometimes a bit uneven . never had soggy tempura here ( or agedashi dofu ) , though occasionally have had sashimi that was still a bit cold from freezing . never had poorly rolled rolls , or otherwise sub-par food . no language barrier for us , and we have an established relationship with the servers chefs . under these circumstances , the food is excellent . it is not quite as clean as it used to be before the remodel , and service can be , but is n't always , a bit slow . but for the price , its been unbeatable for an all-you-can-eat sushi fix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here many times -- even by myself when my fiancee was in europe . honestly , the rolls are delicious . they 're generously sized and you get so much variety for the $ 15.99 all-you-can-eat dinner . i love it there and the rolls come pretty quickly . they 're so good and fresh -- nothing tastes cold or stale . i ca n't wait to go back ! ! : ) ps . sashimi is included in the all-you-can-eat price ! and specialty rolls like dynamite etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in the neighbourhood to see a documentary and this place was literally across the street . convenience won the day . it was only after i sat down that i checked yelp . based on the reviews i was totally expecting a shitstorm the entire time , but alas , no horrifically crappy service or explosive diarrhea to speak of . granted , i had a lunch combo and ca n't speak for the ayce situation . the service was good , the food was decent . they could 've given me more rice though ... i was trying to hit my macros jeez . and wondering whether they still serve salad with their hands ? ignorance is bliss .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews of this place . i have been several times and have always enjoyed the food and found the service to be very good . i have never had an issue with quality and i would n't hesitate to recommend mariko . i eat a lot of sushi and i have most of the sushi restaurants in the area . mariko is as good as any of the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i walked in to mariko , i sat at a table waiting for almost 15 minutes for someone to take my order before choosing to just leave . it was n't busy , almost empty really , and servers could be seen chatting amongst themselves . i should have heeded that warning . before mariko , i would n't have believed that sushi could be made and served so poorly . the rolls were mostly rice , falling apart from poor construction , actually lukewarm , and the fish ( what there was of it ) was definitely not fresh . the `` spicy sauce '' that covered some options seemed to be little more than a greasy spiced mayonnaise-like goop that i might expect to see at a roadside denny 's . a server dressed in dirty sweatpants ? dust-covered exposed wiring tangled around the tawdry lighting fixtures ? never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is n't somewhere one goes for the ambience and i 'm sure the service varies depending on who 's working on a particular evening , but i went here for the first time with a friend last night , and our waitress was very friendly and helpful . the sushi was also fresh , delicious , and well prepared ( the $ 17 ayce ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely not the best sushi place to be found in the area . not that it 's particularly bad or anything but it just does n't live up to the standards set by its competition . food was average and they did n't have the torched sushis , service was surprisingly slow since they had about three servers working and not a lot of people to serve . if you 're ever in the area looking to have some sushi , do yourself a favor and walk down the street to another restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yelp , please allow a 0 star rating . that 's what this place would get . way too much rice , rude service ( a friend who speaks the language mentioned a few times that the staff were making comments about customers that were racist and homophobic on top of everything else ) bugs on the walls , fish is n't even close to fresh , etc . etc . i would write more , but i feel as though the sushi strip community has already covered all the finer points of why this place is a huge avoid - the low price is not worth it . run to sakura garden across the street for ayce ! or sushi on bloor . or even new generation , if you must , but do n't go to this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one word : mediocre . the rice was hard , the fish was poor quality , and the sashimi cuts were small and sad . i would n't recommend this place to anyone in the area . service was poor and there were an incredible amount of flies in the restaurant . without those flies , this would be a 2 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so me and my girlfriend wanted to eat some sushi and we went here to give it a try and to me it 's was pretty crappy.. their sushi rolls are bad because the seaweed and the rice are old . not worth the money at all . they 're getting 2 stars because the staff are nice and if you order more than $ 8 you get a choice of 3 pieces of dumplings or sushi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good service and a lot of vegan and vegetarian choices in a super reasonably priced `` all-you-can-eat '' @ bloor & spadina . consistent quality and bottomless tea . we keep coming back and i am sure they sustain a heavy loss with my s o that puts away enough vegan sushi to feed a small village ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this ayce and even for takeout , i go out of my way to come to mariko because the rolls are big and the sushi is fresh . but yes , this is an affordable ayce sushi spot with good customer service -- they 're pretty sweet and smile and work hard . like the menu too , and the convenient location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come here way more times than i can count , and i find mariko to be a top-notch place for sushi on a budget . for just over $ 15 you can get ayce of plenty-palatable fish ( and whatever else you want ) . i eat a lot of salmon and tuna , and they are always good+ . on a few lucky occasions i 've gotten outstanding tuna that melts in your mouth like butter . i 'm not a fan of the sushi pizza , but everything else i 've eaten has been very enjoyable : dumplings , skewers , seaweed salad , various rolls , nigiri , sashimi . ambiance is not great , and the plastic water cups sometimes taste like cleaner , but i find mariko to be a solid sushi meal at a great price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah this place pretty much uses pretty poor quality of fish and small cuts . we did not order the all you can eat either . this is what happens when instant gratification and starvation are mixed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it tasted so bad , we got the bento box and the tempura was under-cooked , the beef was rough . the sushi was huge and fell apart when you pick it up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had dinner with some friends at mariko tonight , it was.. ok.. certainly nothing special ... +ve 's : -even though the place was reasonably busy , the service was quick . -inexpensive comments ( not really -ve 's , but close ) : - edamame and anything sweet for desert are a la cart and not included with the ayce - kinda odd -water was brought to the table and we were never asked if we wanted anything else . i certainly would have expected tea rather than water . the refilling of the water glasses was labored at best . -the sushi , sashimi , tempura , udon were all ok . the fish seemed a bit on the old side - kinda soft and mushy - maybe it 'd been frozen ? dunno . the udon broth was kinda tasteless . the tempura was not bad , but a little greasy - same was true for the gyoza , not bad , but a bit greasy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the ayce once . was n't bad , but not awesome either . can find better for the price , but maybe not around . today i tried the chicken katsudon , and once again flavor was fit for the price ( bowl was n't small , so you get some value ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bad quality for a cheap price . it 's not just the quality of the ingredients , but also the cooking methods . when you taste the chicken and say is this actually cooked enough that is enough to say this place is horrible . i do not say this from just one experience i say this from a couple and everytime i ask the same question .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best part about marikos is the price . 16.99 for a large selection of sushi . my girlfriend and i used to come here almost every other week ( some months once a week ) . sadly when i went by on december 12th there was an eviction notice in the window . heartbroken i made my way to one of the many other restaurants around . rip marikos sushi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came for the ayce and remind me never to go for all you can eat . msg induced perhaps ? i never feel like i get my dollars worth since i do n't eat that much ... i 've had their lunch specials which were ok . unfortunately i do n't remember what i ordered but it was your standard annex sushi bento box ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap sushi , especially for all you can eat . but i 've had my order `` rejected '' from delivery because it 's too busy in the restaurant ... definitely not good enough to warrant that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my husband 's and mine first ayce sushi place back in the day . it is a special place for us when we were just starting out . we went back for old time 's sake for on a weekday night last week and the sushi and tempura were good . you get a choice to eat off the 16.99 ayce or the 14.99 one . not the top best but the price is good . the service is nice with a smile . keep in mind this is in the university area and meant to be affordable . if you are looking for a good place and quick . there were many people coming in for pick up . i realized at the end of the meal that i forgot to take pictures so only managed to get the vegetarian rolls . which they have many vegetarian options . also the fried banana tempura with chocolate is yummy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my buddy , eric , and i come here for lunch pretty much every tuesday and order one of their lunch specials . they are an unbelievable deal . for example , for just $ 5.25 , you receive miso soup and a bento box with chicken teriyaki , rice , salad , 4 california rolls and two tofu cubes ( somewhat sauteed ) . hey , you also get a bottomless cup of green tea . we 've been alternating restaurants in the annex area for years but this has been the most popular for us . healthy and a terrific deal . ca n't beat this place . and , after all these years , the staff knows us so it 's kind of like walking into cheers for us . `` norm ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the best . not by far . but hey , its all you can eat so i guess you just have to accept how mediocre all the food is .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my partner and i are regulars here and we love it . the food is amazing and cheap as it gets for ayce . that being said , if you are expecting ambiance and five star service , you 're at the wrong place . we have never really had an issue with service , in fact , because we are regulars , we have established a relationship with the regular server and the chefs ; as such , when they are in we get special treatment ( free drinks , special sushi not on the menu , etc. ) . bottom line , for the price , the quality of the food is top notch but you wo n't get much else unless they get to know you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to live down the street and ordered when i just could n't get anything else . the food was mediocre to poor . pizza was often burnt and hoagies saturated with dressing making for soggy buns and heartburn .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very disappointing . checked out their menu on their website and ordered an italian hoagie priced at $ 7.45 . however when i picked it up it was $ 9.50 . he said they raised their prices but had n't updated their website and would n't honor that price . i said that is quite a price increase and he responded that they were n't making money at the old price . they wo n't be making any money off of me as i wo n't be back . the hoagie was soggy by the way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pizza has really gone down hill . the dough tastes of cardboard and the cheese is cheap . the sauce taste like vomit . i am very disappointed to have this restaurant in our community while the food is just horrible . we will not be using this restaurant ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to the website and ordered a family calzone and had an option to do half vegies and half none vegies , to my surprise i get a call 15 minutes after ordering i get a call from the staff telling me we cant do that weve had to many complaints about the contents of one side mixing with the other . i was under the impression that a resteraunt was suppose to make the customer happy and learn how to be flexable and consistent . ive been a customer for a year , ordering at least 5 times a month i wipe my hands of this establishment and suggest and much better pizza place by the name of serafinas", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pizza is n't the best in the south hills , but it certainly is n't the worst . the cheese and sauce is decent , but the dough is average . as a previous review stated , the garlic knots are fantastic . they give out a ton of coupons , which definitely keeps me going back . if there were no coupons i probably would n't come here . if you live in bridgeville you should get the valpak coupons , which you 'll always find something from big guys .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live in new york , which is not exactly hurting for great pizza places . still , big guys was something special . the modest storefront does not let on that these guys use very high end ingredients , and hand make the sauce in house . i was surprised how good it was ! among the best i have ever had . i also dug the wings but get the buffalo flavored ones . nice and tangy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found myself very disappointed for the price i payed for what i got ... .and its a rip off to order from this place . the food may taste good but its far from reasonable to feed a family .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice people but the food needs work . pizza is average at best . nothing original about it . calzone had way too much ricotta . and the wings were not crispy and so so .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went based off a recommendation from a friend . our friendship is now in question . it was flavorless crust and sauce and the cheese was cooked to a crisp . maybe it was because i had such high expectations in my head that this fell short . even ordering a specialty pizza did n't turn out the way i thought .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "big guys pizza just keeps getting better and better . been coming here for years as a south hills local and love this spot . so many creative pizza and hoagie options to choose from . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time with a $ 4.99 large cheese pizza coupon for pick up . there is no dining area , so it 's carry-out or delivery only . the pizza was average and i did n't regret paying $ 4.99 for it , but once i got it home , i had to add garlic powder and oregano to jazz it up a bit . as someone who tries to avoid salt , i was surprised that the crust actually needed some because it was very bland . the staff was very friendly . i 'd go back , but only armed with that coupon first . if i had paid full price , i 'd be a bit disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have n't ordered from here in a while but decided to try it today for lunch . there 's no other description other than it was disgusting . the steak was a soggy mess with brownish lettuce and no flavor at all . the pizza was small in size for a large ( perhaps they make their pizza smaller when using a coupon ) . it too barely had any flavor . maybe with a good buzz it would taste good . the garlic knots were n't anything you would impress a date with either . total waste of money and back to my go to pizza shop . i 'm sorry i strayed from them and i 'll never cheat again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great , fast delivery with very courteous drivers . they 're always within the quoted time , usually early . the big slaw subs are insanely good . we have n't had anything we have n't liked . i do prefer the subs to the pizza but that 's a personal preference . i always opt for sammies over pizza . there 's a lot of variety on the menu as well . they 're our go-to pizza place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i 'm not a fan of their pizza ... everything else is awesome , especially the garlic knots ! they also have an online ordering option , which is great . pricing is pretty fair too . i order from them often , and they always get my order right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good stuff . could use some more toppings , but i got an extra large pizza and garlic knots for $ 14 and it was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , all these yuppie kids writing reviews on here , i know you all have dreams of giant suburban new restaurants that serve you $ 10 pancakes , but taffie 's is an icon of decades before that serves good basic cheap food , which is why there is such an older clientele . i and many other friends in college found it nice to hang out and go to a diner that was out of the way from campus and served cheap eats when we craved greasy breakfast and a vanilla malt at the same time . yea it was n't anything to write home about , but its greasy diner food , it is exactly what you are looking for when you go to a place like this . plus have any of the college kids that reviewed this every eaten at mary ann 's while sober ? it really is n't that great . 4 stars for super friendly waitresses staff , prompt service , cheap eats , letting us sit at a table talking through shift changes and still being super friendly and offering to get us something else , and generally good eats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "old people with no taste buds left must be keeping this place in business.. i have no idea what the appeal of this place is , especially for breakfast . go across the street to the pancake house , or down the street a ways to sammie 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love eating at taffies . its been in champaign for years . cheap eating with a nice atmosphere . generous portions , basic , good , food . if i lived there , i 'd probably go more often , but since i am 25 mi away , it happens only a couple times a year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sadly , this location is now closed . the paper says they are looking for a new building but , between rent and maintenance they were losing money at the mattis location . too bad . it was large portions of good , basic food at reasonable prices in a pleasant atmosphere where , should you come alone , usually you could find one or two people you knew well enough to talk with . not fine dining , but good , wholesome , tasty meals . the kind of place you might remember as commonplace a half century ago . not many left .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here with my wife during a weeknight around 8pm . i ordered a mushroom and cheese omelet , side of bacon and pancakes . the omelet was ok , but seemed very greasy . the side of bacon was also greasy and very thin . the pancakes had no flavor even with lots of butter and syrup dumped on them . i 'd recommend perkins or merry ann 's over this place at least for breakfast food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow this place is so so on a good day . food here used to be good and cheap and service was also good to excellent . not sure what happened but can no longer recommend this place . go to mary anne 's i guess . all in all bad to mediocre food , prices are n't great and service is teetering on the edge of awful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never go back to taffies ever again i set at the counter top for 15 minutes waiting to be served . when i mention it they never seemed to care i walked out and never go back . their service and food service sucks i will never go back ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really unimpressive . food was burt , table was gross , and staff was pretty slow . i hate writing bad reviews , but i really ca n't recommend coming here when there are so many great unique places in town .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really great place for breakfast . it 's been here a long time . quality is always good . cost is always just as good . my meal was a ham and cheese omelette , hash browns , english toast , and black coffee . all was very tasty . no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly , quick . pleasant atmosphere .scrumptious food . for being out of town nice quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walking into taffies was like randomly finding yourself accompanying a friend of a friend to visit their grandparents ' double wide . dirty , dated , and really , really uncomfortable . the food was just as bad ; very greasy and devoid of any kind of quality . nasty , nasty , nasty !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are reading this review , without the help of a grandchild operating the keyboard while you re-arrange the plastic cover on the davenport , you are too young to eat at taffies . if for some reason you still want what taffies has , go to merry ann 's ihop , or something similar , and you will be much happier .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lovely family place . great for morning breakfast . the staff is always nice and friendly a md thir fast too . as far as you can be with a busy restaurant . do n't over look . the place burned a few years ago and was shut down for a while people went nuts because it w as gone . they have been back for a long while but i see why people went nuts with out them they are awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally i 'm a fan of lowe 's as they have good prices and a large variety of everything you 'd expect to find in a home improvement store . today 's review is more of a gripe regarding their prices on a certain item . i usually buy there 2-20 lbs combo bag of kingsford charcoal briquettes . during holidays like memorial day , july 4th , labor day ... you can find them on sale for $ 9.99 , normally 15.99 . today i go get some and its $ 19.99 . i 'm pretty disappointed that the price has been jacked up during the fall season . there should n't be a $ 10 price swing on charcoal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was out running errands and in my travels bought my first circular saw . needing wood in the immediate area , i decided to visit this lowe 's location . on this particular outing i had time to spare , and i like to see if an employee will see me roaming the aisles , and offer assistance . when becoming frustrated looking for bolts , washers , and wing nuts , i sought help in that particular department and was satisfied . lumber was a different story . i did however find what i was looking for . lhi was a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 stars for t.j. and james ! ! these guys went above and beyond to help us get our 10ft pvc pipe cut into two , 5ft pieces so it could fit into our lexus . thank you t.j. and james for your excellent customer service . both were extremely helpful to ensure we found everything we were looking for to complete our project .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shopped home depot and lowes for the same items . lowes was atleast 10 to 29 percent more expensive . but this store is really lovely.. gorgeous home improvement store really . but not a soul working . i heard them calling for a paint consultant literally my entire trip in ... really quiet if you need to just get in and out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would have to say this location has the worst customer service.. i wish there was another one closer to my house but i find myself driving a long distance just to avoid coming here ... the employees are super rude and make you feel like your bothering when you ask for help . i truly wish i could give them no stars on this review , the employees need an education class on how to make customers feel welcomed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this store and go to it when i need home improvement stuff . it 's just so annoying that everytime i am there and i need help there is never an employee in sight . i 'll walk for aisles looking for someone and i can never find an employee . i always have to ring the bell in the aisle and wait . it 's just annoying . and do n't even start with me and the orders that i have placed . after buying our home my husband and i place a few orders here and everyone is so helpful while you 're placing the order and after it is placed , all hell breaks loose . our orders were never done on time , the orders that came in were wrong or damaged , or even if you go in with your paperwork they have no idea what you are talking about and they can not find you in their computer system . do n't ever order anything from them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to this location dozens of times ... ... i have bought everything from toilets to vacuums , to flowers ! today i got some great flowers for a centerpiece and water softener pellets . that is a typical trip to lowe 's . whatever random items i need for the house ... ... i love the nursery , the selection is really good and they guarantee their plants for a year . it is usually pretty easy to find an employee when you need help and they are always super friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my experience at the washington st and buffalo st was the worst ever . i wish i could give minus stars for the behavior of brian in lumber and the manager duane . both should be fired for their horrible customer service . diyers , go to home depot , go to ace hardware , but never spend another dime at that lowes until they learn how to treat their customers . boycott", "score": "1"}
{"review": "flooring department - grant is awesome . i am so thrilled with the personal service i received from grant . i highly recommend you visit grant if you need any flooring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection , good prices , friendly staff . it 's like home depot with less offensive aprons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this people are soooooo rude .they think the own the store.everyone got a attitude.go to home depo the best gentle and nice .at raimbow and washington", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my second best mega hardware store . friendly enough staff can be a hit or miss when it comes to knowledge about products . there are some good deals on some of the products overall they 're more expensive than their competitor . i must say they have a cleaner store then their competition overall a four star rating", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is lisa still there ? the girl that made head cashier within three months for sleeping with the assistant manager ? the same girl who hooked up with four other married employees ? ? just curious . i actually came in on time , did my job the best of my ability , and stayed out of the drama . damn , i was doing it all wrong . lisa has brown hair , originally worked at bikinis , and is about as bright as a hallow concrete block .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first , it took forever for someone to unlock the spray paint cabinet . finally , i get to the check out counter and asked if they had a military discount . they said yes . i had my dd 214 , which are my honorable discharge papers , but they said that it was not acceptable . i did not want to make an issue about it . i will just not be coming back here . just not very military friendly i guess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is right down the street from my house , so i end up here rather than home depot 9 times out of 10 . unfortunately , i find their prices to be substantially higher than home depot . location wins , though , so they get my business . i will say that lowe 's always feels cleaner and newer than home depot , and the people seem friendlier and more helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to tell you , the customer service here is terrible ! ! ! we purchased a high end fridge from this place . not some piece of junk , and we have had nothing but problems with it . we now have to use the extended warranty seeing they couldnt repair it while it was under the manufactures warranty . what a joke ! call 2 weeks ago , they set us a appointment . ( for the 4th time ) for this morning . guess what ... another no show ! ! ! they said they called us to reschedule , damn liars ! ! ! ! lowes you should be ashamed of yourselves ! ! ! ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the lowes on washington and buffalo is the worst . customer service does not exist , prices are always wrong . do n't even think about asking for a manager they are never in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice people very professional and the prices real low and good quality rating is five stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a gas grill online and was to be delivered from this store , they postponed the delivery because apparently they `` forgot '' to assemble it even though right after the purchase i told them on the phone that i need it to be assembled . when they delivered it to my house they said it ca n't be connected to my gas line because there were some kind of parts missing , and they said i can just buy it from the store and connect it myself . so i went to the store and then they told me that they do n't have that part in the store i have to order it from the manufacturer . i 'm having a party in 2 days , it completely ruined all my plans . only if they could tell me ahead of the time that i needed some other stuff to get it installed . or only if they did not forget to assemble the grill and delivered it on time . or only if they did not have such a bad customer service . i 'm never going back to lowes again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very glad to have visited this hookah lounge . it offers very relaxing atmosphere with beautiful decor with a very friendly and accommodating staff . i have visited many hookah lounges throughout the valley , and this is by far the best one . if you 're looking for a laid back enjoyable hookah smoking experience this is a must visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hookah lounge . the owner & staff are friendly and very attentive . the place has a very relaxing feel and the deserts , tea and coffee are beyond words . what can i say , this is by far the best hookah lounge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great ! they played a great mix of music , had plenty of comfortable seating and the hookah was great . the service was awesome , everyone including the owner was very attentive . i will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the second i walked in , i knew this place would be amazing . my expectations were based around all the hookah bars out in tempe by the asu campus , and i can confidently say that this hookah bar is way better than any of those locations . the owner is super friendly and always gives you a warm welcome when you walk in . the hospitality and the ambiance of the place is absolutely perfect as well . and most importantly , the hookah does n't suck ! ! they are always making sure the coals are good and something about the way they prepare the hookah just works perfectly . does n't get harsh right away like most places i 've been to . highly recommend going here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , arabic music makes it even better . good prices and great place to come with friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have great selection of shishas with great atmosphere . i also really enjoyed their black tea with mint . the hookah with pineapple bowl is the best . it hits very well and lasts very long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to hookah lounges in over ten different cities from la to mia to tdot ... but this was by far the best . i am not one to exaggerate , but as soon as we walked in we were greeted and seated . nick helped us select the best flavor for what we wanted . not to mention gave us a yelp discount and anni house promotion . the flavor was awesome ! i asked about an ice tip and boy was i in for a treat . it was a frozen sub zero type chamber , way better than the plastic tube things . we were treated very well , nick hooked it up with a great flavor , and we had the coals attended too as needed . overall i recommend this place and i will definitely be returning , and with my stamp card ! they have a stamp card as well to work towards a discount . as you can see i am pleased and excited to have discovered this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to quite a few hookah bars around az this is by far the best one i have been to ! great ambience with amazing music ! the owners are excellent always offering excellent service ! the flavors are great , and always a good time with friends . will come back to this hookah lounge again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is really nice and great to just chill . indoor fountain makes it really classy and the service is great . everyone at this place really helped us out very well and made this place super chill . unlike a lot of hookah places , this location is clean . this is definitely the best place i chandler and we will be coming back often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never been to a better lounge . the atmosphere is great with a combination of the relaxing music , the comfortable seating , and to the nice big fountain in the middle . the staff is amazing , well mannered , extremely attentative , and knowledgeable . the customers and regulars are really nice , i even met some great new friends and now i come here every day ! i highly recommend this lounge ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic atmosphere with friendly people . good music and a wide variety of flavors to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service and great atmosphere . muhammed and the whole staff really treated us like family . we regularly go to hookah lounges and this was by far the best experience ! we will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to several hookah places , but never one with such passion for customer service . from the time you enter to the time you leave , it is pure old school positive customer service . the place is niceeee ! ! they have comfortable couches and it is decorated very nicely . if you go here , other hookah joints will never compare !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best hookah places in town excellent hookah flavor every time clean place clean hookahs nice atmosphere and the staff is amazing and remembered our names and their prices are very decent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "comfortable spot with great quality hookah . staff was very attentive and skilled at recognizing what flavors complemented each other and matched up to what i said i liked . had a mint black tea that was just ok . but that 's really the only criticism . check them out if you 're looking to quality hookah .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hookah place . great customer service and great hookah ! ! the ambience was perfect , nice arabic songs too . the owner is super chill and gave us suggestions for different types of hookahs and flavors we could try . he constantly checked on the coals too . great place , must visit ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an incredible place-super clean , affordable , and great seating area ! their customer service is the best i have ever seen ! ! ! if you 're in the area , i recommend you stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere to be in when relaxing and unwinding ! the owner sat down and explained the reason for the fruit in this experience . i like when i become a educated customer thanks nick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time hookah experience , and our server guide was fabulous ! he explained everything to us with great detail and patience . i was introduced to a non alcoholic arabic beverage ( barbican ) and fell in love with it ! ! great first time experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service and lounge area ! definitely my favorite hookah in az . would recommend to any hookah enthusiast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff . clean environment . con , have to buy something to drink even if you are not thirsty . besides that great place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best hookah place i have ever been to here in az . the staff are super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is stupid and has incompetent workers . just left there with my boyfriend . we went to be social with his brother and girlfriend , and were basically asked to leave because we werent smoking . we were told it was to leave room for other people , even though is was 10pm and the place was empty with only one other table filled . even if i was considering spending money , it wouldnt be at this establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service told by the server i had to buy a drink when i walked into thousand nights no explanation why i have to buy a drink . i was hanging out with my friends when i approach by a server .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . the owner and staff is amazing . the vibe is good and the hookahs are amazing . no comments . 5 stars everytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! honestly has the best hookah in arizona . it 's always been a great experience here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best lounges i have been too . amazing atmosphere and the service and top notch ! a definite come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this lounge more stars . amazing hookah lounge , excellent customer service . mo and nick really make you feel at home . they constantly make sure everything is okay . the customer service that is given by the waitress was phenomenal . i smoke hookah primarily in ny ( where i 'm from ) and this is the best experience i have have ever had . definitely try the glass hookah , it 's worth the extra money , trust me . if i lived in arizona i would make this a regular spot for me . the only hookah lounge that i 've been to that sells fumari brand shisha which is a hugeee plus for me . definitely making sure i come back here next time i 'm in the area . overall a great experience ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hookah in chandler . sheesha flavors are really good . owner nick , service , atmosphere , and decor are awesome ! ! ! got hooked up with custom flavors to take home . highly recommend this place and wil be returning time after time . thumbs up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way way way too expensive ! hookahs are mediocre but if u get everything with it it will run about $ 35 dollars . plus a drink minimum ! ! ! go to inhale hookah lounge one mile away ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , upbeat music , sports on tv , excellent service . what more could you want ? if your bowl gets harsh , they replace it for free , if you do n't like the flavor , they replace it for free . we love this place and still smoke here even though we own a hookah !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has such an awesome vibe ! the music and ambience is amazing . first time here and i am very impressed . thank you staff ! ps : they have a really cool ice hose", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so amazing . defiantly worth the money and quality of service is awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time me and my fiance went , we instantly fell in love with their hookah . it tasted so much better than other places we tried .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nabeel made us feel vip the first time we went there . i like how he wants to attract quality people and not college rug-rats who are loud and obnoxious . his shisha is clean and smokes smooth . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thousand nights hookah is the best hookah lounge and chill spot to go to the owner is so respectful he remembers everyone face and the environment is so relaxing you can just sit back and smoke and talk the service here is amazing they ask several times if your hookah is fine and what can we do to make it better the hookah here is spectacular they have fruit that is fresh there hookahs are clean and it is smooth and flavor full they last long and you can never taste coal i smoke hookah every night and they meet my standards the owner nick is a very respectful he has had the establishment for only month come here a let 's party relax and make some friends : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came from california , bay area ... decided to check this spot out . nice , comfortable . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service and really comfortable atmosphere , the inside was well kept and very nicely decorated . all of the staff were kind and tentative to guests . would definitely recommend going to this lounge , and in the future i will return here over other lounges . they even have a full sized water fountain inside , classy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot ! great music , lighting , and vibe ! customer service is excellent as well . couches are comfortable , and the fountain is a nice touch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a total beginner and this place took me in with open arms . i took them up on their 2 week offer and never looked back . in two weeks i went from having a regular physique to looking like superman . i 'm less afraid in shady neighborhoods now . this place is located in nice area , so i have yet to use my new learned moves outside of the establishment yet . the place is great , with a new feel to it . i would recommend to all people this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a nanny of a child who attends this school . the offer of two weeks free of obligation drew mom to this studio , and their amazing dedication to the advancement of the students is what keeps us there . they offer a very open schedule that focuses on smaller classes for similar ranks , and there is no limit to the number of classes we can attend . mr. devon and ms. yasmin are fantastic instructors and extremely personable . they embody the tennents of taekwondo that they teach the children , which are courtesy , humility , integrity , perserverence , self control , and an indominable spirit ! the benefits of sending a child of any age to this school are innumerable and wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this team of martial artists has really created an comfortable atmosphere for learning . they are patient and detailed . they communicate very well with us as parents . we have two boys in the class both at different levels . we have three children and are able to find training that fits in our schedule . the monthly fee allows for as many sessions as you wish to attend . we have gotten to know them very well and my kids have made great friends with some of the other trainees . my husband is even getting his belt now ! guess ... .i 'm feeling pretty well protected with three boys and a hubby all skilled martial artists ! great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this place ! my daughter and myself are very happy that we joined taekwondo ! the instructors are the best ! very polite , friendly and determined to teach us and go above and beyond ! ! ! i 'm soo happy we are here ! i highly recommend it ! ask for miss jasmin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to three different stores with no luck before stopping in here for a condolences card i could n't find anywhere else . papaya papers has a wonderful selection of cards , stationary , journals as well as candles and small gifts . lovely store and the owner was very kind and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife loves this store . everything from stationary to silly bands ... purses to potpourri . i love the fact that the owner took the time to talk and play with my three year old !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cool place to find cute and out of the ordinary things !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! i have been pricing out and shopping via the internet for invitations , and i have no idea why ! i briefly had a recommendation to come here and i can not believe i never had before ! carol apparently only works on saturdays from 11-4 . she is so worth it for the help , humor and relaxed setting of wedding invitation shopping ! ! not only was she able to keep everything in our budget , but she was so fun to work with ! the store is absolutely perfect and has everything from gifts , to jewelry to home accessories to printing that can be completed right in house on some really great stationary car paper ! this is a must visit store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the views were amazing and the patio was nice . our food was very good . too bad we had some bad service . very strange , no hostess . got sat and no one came by to get us water for 30 minutes . when food arrived we were asked if we wanted silverware and a napkin ... .. of course .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here for the amazing views and i like to support local businesses . i recommend dining outside on their patio with a sweeping view of the south - especially right before sunset ! they have live music also at times . their menu options are quite broad , which is great , but their prices seem inflated for what you get . portions are rather small , imo . service is okay but nothing spectacular . i see this place having a huge opportunity to be spectacular if they made some changes to menu prices , replaced worn tables outside , etc . i 'd also suggest more in-depth training for all staff . i really do n't know anything about wine . really do n't . except that reds go w beef nicely and whites go w poultry fish . i would think at this type of restaurant , a staff member can give me some good recommendations and a brief description if i have a question on a wine . do n't you ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place could have been , and should be , a goldmine ! view is just amazing , the entertainment on the patio was great ... ... ... .but the service ! ( which there was none of ) arrived saturday evening 7:15 , patio full . ( they only take reservations for parties over 6 ) took 15 minutes to be seated inside . once seated took another 10 min . to get water ( where i asked for brushetta ( hungry ) and another 10 to order a glass of wine . we were not `` allowed '' to order food because the kitchen was backed up ! was n't sure i understood that we were not to even get bread to hold us for a while ! an hour & 15 min . into this and i went to the manager who did n't seem to care - the kitchen was backed up and it would be another half hour for food ! are you kidding ? ? ? as i said , beautiful location . do n't think i would ever attempt again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will put up the vu 's kobe burger up against anyone 's . not the fanciest with all these gourmet burgers out there , but 5 stars . i wll also say its one of the best views you can get . there are others in the valley , but anywhere in sniffing distance of fountain hills , this is a great spot . live music also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only 2 tap beers ! pricey beer drinks . 1 4 wedge salad for $ 9.95 ! great view . mediocre service . this place is really missing out on an opportunity to maximize revenue from their amazing patio location view .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give this place a negative i would . i ordered the chicken and dumplings soup . like a fool i ate the entire thing . i 'm home in bed with vomiting , diarrhea , and fever from food poisoning . stay clear ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the actual view itself is gorgeous , unfortunately for the restaurant that 's the best part . i was with a party of 4 on halloween and the place was mostly empty . there was live music so that was ok too . the food was mediocre and so was the service . i feel like they care more about their boutique and salon than the restaurant portion . service is slow and nonchalant about making a good impression , so they usually do n't . the drink menu sucked . i just prefer to give my patronage to a place that cares whether you come back or not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't bother ! the view is the only thing they have ! what a joke ! nobody in the bar ! could it be because of the smelly mop bucket by the front door ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were the only two people there , and placed our order ( cheese burger & salad ) at 620pm . at 7pm we asked that it be packed to go and paid the bill . at 715pm we finally walked out without our food . certainly do n't understand how it could possibly take that long to assemble a salad and cook a hamburger patty . slowest service i 've ever scene .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was great . wrong but great learned after a long wait and not the greatest service they did n't have what i wanted so they just changed what i ordered for me ... or the waitress just did n't write it down and did n't remember . not worth it to tell her although she offered to fix it as she brought the check . kind of disappointing . ps one item at a time salt , drink , drink , sauce , flatware ... . you understand .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "vu bistro now has an amazing new chef with a creative , fun , & different approach to cooking that is out of this world , with chefs constantly revolving menu a level 3 sommelier is pairing wines and is behind the bar making outstanding cocktails . not only is the view beautiful but so are the desserts that are made by there new pastry chef . together this new team has set the bar and i hope that they keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went back to this lovely place for dinner when the weather is still nice ... and it 's such a different vibe at nice ... this place is serene during the day but very lively at night with live music ... they have someone singing there and he was entertaining ... . food is pretty good as well but i would say the selling point of this place is the view you get especially at night , you can see the city light from there . great place to sit back , relax and enjoy the night ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a 7:30 dinner reservation . seated on time , then sat completely ignored for the next 15 minutes - no server , no water , nothing . went up to the desk to complain , was told that we would she would get someone immediately . five more minutes , went back up and told them we were leaving . no apology , no acknowledgement that they screwed up . i think 20 minutes is plenty of time to have a server at least stop by and acknowledge our existence . we are new to the area and eat out a lot ; trying this place for the first ( and last ) time . they lost a potential regular .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful view . this our second try with this restaurant . the first time the service was terrible . now i am back . i arrived a young man . i am still waiting for my food and my social security check .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in early evening while visiting fountain hills . well the location of this place is great and offers truly fantastic southern views . if you decide to come here i would recommend sitting on the patio to take full advantage of the views . as for the rest : the food is adequate but in a town that has some great food adequate just is n't enough . the service is slow and not very attentive . servers make you feel like a burden when they do show up . as for the drinks they are standard . i would prefer a more creative drink menu but if a place stays to the basics they better do them darn well and they just are not . it seems like someone paid great attention to finding location and decor but not enough time on wait staff training or drink and food development . this place might be worth going back once it closes and someone opens a new place in the location because the view is the only thing good at the vu", "score": "2"}
{"review": "come here for the view and for nothing else . the service is n't good and neither is the food . the waiters did n't know a damn thing about the menu or what ingredients were used . when we ordered the charcuterie platter the man who delivered it pointed to the meats and cheese and touched each item with his finger . gross ! i also find it very odd that the restaurant is part of a salon and store that sells crap . pick one thing and excel at it instead of trying to run 3 separate businesses to get the most of out of your lease . clearly your restaurant is suffering as a result .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome views ! it 's gets 3 stars just for that . the atmosphere is cozy and relaxing . it 's friday night , they have live music outside with a guy playing soft rock from 60s , 70s and 80s ( james taylor , eagles , and america ) . he 's not bad . music adds to the enjoyment . order a bottle of wine and chill out ... it 's a 5 star experience . now for the food . it was good , not great . but for the $ $ , it 's a very good value . my only frustration was the service . it was slow like molasses . i am definitely returning ! ! ! if they work out the kinks , this will get 5 stars for sure . do not hesitate to try this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i brought a group of local business people to happy hour at the vu bistro and everyone enjoyed the food , drinks , service and especially the gorgeous views of the valley of the sun . what a view from the vu . perched several hundred feet over the valley below we could see for miles . the weather was great as was our experience at the vu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give them a big zero if i could . the service blows . the food was cold . no one checked on us . no one cared . no manager when asked for one . all i can say is summer is coming and you ca n't afford to lose the locals . it will be a long dry summer for vu bistro ... i wo n't be going back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the views from vu were beautiful , but from there it was all downhill . extremely poor and slow service on a friday night . only 2 servers and we were basically ignored all evening . i had to get up from the table and go inside twice ; to ask to have our order taken , and to ask where our meals were . we also received a different table 's check . and when i complained , the waiter told me i was rude ! no apologies , no comp appetizer or drink . just a feeling of entitlement on their part . i was very disappointed . and food was n't even that good . bruschetta bread was n't toasted and was simply doughy . chicken on my sandwich was tough . not a place i would visit again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the view is wonderful , the food and service are just okay . i find it strange that reviews are like mine or 5 star . our meal was good . the problem , mainly , was that salad that i ordered and the soup my husband ordered was delivered at the same time as our main course . it was all too much at once . the food tasted okay and was a decent size . i would return again , but would just buy a sandwich and a beer . when we were there on a thursday there was only one other party .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first off , i am a waiter from the east coast and i know the difference between good and bad service . the service here is absolutely terrible . our waitress was too busy talking to her friend at the bar , and then left the restaurant to talk on the phone . we ordered two rare burgers which arrived well-done thirty minutes later . not only that , we had heard the bell ring in the kitchen , so did she , yet she continued to talk to her friend at the bar . when she took our order she gave us a snarky attitude . the location and the view is beautiful , but i would never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to support local musicians and they were great and the view even better ... that 's where i 'll stop on the positives . 1.25 hrs to get bruschetta and entr\u00e9es no where in sight 20 mins later . we had crying , hungry kids and walked out . i 've never done that ! my favorite quote from a blonde who was n't as hot as she thought she was `` honey , i do n't cook the food and i work for free '' and left . never going again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lovely view . service was ok . they were attentive but seemed marginally trained . only one other couple dining this night . the outdoor seating has a mix of wire tables and round stone tables . there is an area reminicient of a frat house with a beat up couch and a couple of glass tables . the food was ok . the stone table was stained from previous sauce spills and somewhat unappealing . at a minimum they should have used place mats . might be a nice place for drinks and appetizers but their appetizer menu was a few bar food type items . we wo n't go back even though the view is awesome . without some changes i suspect they will be under new management soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to this place for the very first time on tuesday to have a business meeting . it was scenic and beautiful when we sat outside , for being the only 4 people there the service was probably on the slow side . but we had time to sit and wait , since we had a lot to discuss and it perhaps they were being courteous and letting us talk , but a refill on the drinks would have been great for our parched mouths . the burger was really good , i ordered a kobe bacon hamburger , which is 8oz of yummy goodness . although , i need to watch my weight i opted for sweet potato fries and they were excellent . the burger was pricey but reasonable for the area and the kobe beef , which i 've had small portions of steak at other places and have paid a fortune for it . none the less , if you are there with friends , they will enjoy the view and the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our group of five was looking for a quiet , local place to enjoy dinner . we could not have asked for a better location . the view , simply amazing . the atmosphere , quirky and vibey . the salads were gorgeous and tasty . the appetizers looked like a top chef quick fire challenge winner . the entr\u00e9es were almost flawless . i personally had the filet mignon and loved it . everyone had dessert . visually , if they tasted half as good as they looked , vu is a shining star in the fountain hills area . only complaints : everyone had to keep asking for refills when the server could easily see in the empty glasses in the 1 8 filled restaurant . getting information via phone since they share the line with their salon and boutique . i could n't get immediate info and had to call back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vu bistro has an amazing new chef and bar tender , and of course a spectacular view . definitely my and my fianc\u00e9s favorite date place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the view is amazing . nothing else is ! went with a large group , reservation was made weeks in advance . upon arrival , no tables set up , it took them 15 minutes just to find someone to set up the furniture ! everyone had already arrived and we were waiting for places to sit . service was a joke- had to beg for drinks and the prices of them were truly outrageous . the food was expensive but good . i accidentally left my sweater on the chair , called the next day and was told i had to speak to the manager ! what ? manager never called back , called for a week to no avail . stopped by on the way home from work and was told , sorry we do n't have it ! i am certain it was left there . too bad , i loved that sweater . anyway , overall this place is pretentious , overpriced and crappy service . 4 jack and cokes = over $ 40 tab and then tip ! will not return . and by the way , the parking lot sucks !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hands down one of my favorite places . arrived for a late lunch around 2:30 on a friday afternoon . had the day off and my friend was visiting so we ordered two plates to share and two napa chardonnays . the antipasta plate was a amazing , quite the variety . the ceaser was perfection , lite , served with an amazing piece of toasted bread . the waitress made pleasant conversation with us and really made my friend feel welcome since it was her first time . do i even have to mention the views ? ? ? amazing amazing amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to hang out ! a beautiful view and great food ! the burger and fries is always awesome , and for dessert , the brownie and ice scream is fantastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location and view was awesome . i was not impressed with the service or organization . waiter was slow , we were ready 30 mins before he was and he was not attentive . we had a reservation and they were not ready for us . the food was good but they bumped up the price for the night . not sure i would go back with so many other restaurants in the valley .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful evening in a beautiful setting . the food was excellent . best crab cakes in the valley . pizzas are great . a must go ! casual yet great for a special occasion . i will be a regular ! best kept secret in the area . friendly staff . go to relax and enjoy the view and food and company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we forget about this gem , but have been coming here since it opened . the food has really evolved into something special ! the salmon is delicious and the bbq chicken salad is quite tasty and filling . you can never complain about the view or the wine . they are going though some upgrades which will be great in the fall . make sure when you visit to relax and enjoy the view .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , jack and heidi we 're amazing . good service , good food , and a good view . they had live music on the patio . we came on a saturday night . it was relaxing and we enjoyed ourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "restaurant has a immaculate view of the valley . too bad the food and service are not up to par . also , the attitude of the owner is a complete turnoff . i 'd she ca n't put a smile on her face she should get out of the restaurant business", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a reasonable facsimile of a california bistro in the desert . the decor is pretty decent for fountain hills but the tvs over the bar are the first clue this is not a serious restaurant . for some reason , several of the heat lamps were broken ( even though they were still in the middle of the patio ) . also , we called in advance and the hostess `` forgot '' to mention that the indoor area was booked by a private party . the food is decent but not great . our pizza crust was a bit doughy and had that `` industrial cheese '' flavor you get from a frozen pizza . the seafood seemed to have been frozen or come from a can . service upon ordering was a bit slow but the dude with the water pitcher kept us hydrated until the drinks arrived . that said , its one of the better places in fountain hills . there 's an entertaining lounge singer on weekends . oh , and the view isnt bad either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went tonight for the first time and had a wonderful evening . really enjoyed the live entertainment . the food was amazing , great customer service . heidi & brian were awesome ! ! ! ca n't wait to go back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since our first visit in may , 2013 , we 've been back to the vu many times . i gave this restaurant a 5-star rating back then and i think the food and service was even better last night ! my husband and i went there with my brother ( from colorado ) and another friend ( from kansas city ) . the my husband and the 2 guys had the filet mignon ( which they always have when they visit ) and i had the quesadilla filet mignon ( i 'm a wi cheesehead that `` needs her cheese fix '' ! starting with the 3 different appetizers , 2 different salads , and through the entrees to 2 different desserts , everything was outstanding ! thank you heidi for another wonderful dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit to fountain hills and we stopped for late afternoon dinner , recommended by a friend . had burgers and salads . delicious ! plenty of food and fair prices . great location . view is beautiful . peaceful and friendly atmosphere . will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you are seriously missing out if you do n't stop and enjoy the amazing view , great service and consume the great product . view is a million dollars . do n't miss out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , the food was good . not great , but good . we got the kobe burger and the turkey sandwich , both delicious.i 'd eat there again ... but here were the problems : 1 ) we went on a night where there was a private party that took up the whole dining room so we had to eat at the bar , losing the good view that the restaurant claims to have . the only view we had was a couple macking away . 2 ) the worst factor of all : the weird dj that blasted music throughout the restaurant . we thought that the ambiance was supposed to be part of the vu 's appeal but it was the worst part of the night . if we wanted to hear deafening , bouncing club beats and djs singing karaoke and being the mc of the night , we would 've went to scottsdale . we literally had to yell to hear each other talk . safe to say we 'll never be back there with that kind of experience . hopefully future private parties they plan wo n't be so disruptive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great atmosphere ... .great views ... excellent service ... outstanding steak ! ... and an outside act that was very talented ... we all wondered why he was entertaining the patio ... and not at a bigger venue -- i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had my husbands 50th birthday party there . heidi was extremely accommodating as we had to change plans and move party from patio to dining room due to weather . i met with heidi a few days before party and we went over the menu and preselected the food and finalized last minute details . the dining room that we were in was so cute and cozy for my 24 guests . everyone was served drinks and i felt like we were constantly attended to . appetizers were great , dinner was great and when i looked around everyone always had a drink . my guests were impressed as many had not been there before . i appreciated heidi helping me choose the menu and i was able to stay right on budget . thank you for making my husbands party a success ! i would host another party there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our small group of six found this establishment on yelp while at a conference in fountain hills . we were all surprised by just how good it was . it would have been great to get there early enough to enjoy the fabulous sunset that i bet early diners witness from the phenomenal views from vu 's windows and outdoor seating . i would love a restaurant like this to open near my home ! i enjoy eating a little bit of a few things , so i went for the small plates . i had the lamb appetizer , and it was cooked to perfection ! i also shared the blt salad with one of my table mates , and that was spectacular , too . the service was friendly , but could have been slightly more on top of our table as the restaurant did n't seem very busy the evening we were there . the owner ( was not our server ) , was extremely friendly and fun . vu is on my `` to do '' list the next time i am in fountain hills !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "efficient , friendly service . excellent food with reasonable prices . incredible view . great local hang out - intimate inside but fantastic patio . we plan on a monthly visit to watch the seasons change with wine and a delicious dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we only wish we had arrived in time to enjoy sunset-what an amazing setting ! the food was good but the dessert ( the bread pudding ) wasw divine . not the fastest service but friendly . we would go there again absolutely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never had any food here , so i can also speak for the drinks . came here recently to enjoy the sunset and have drinks with the family . our waiter was awesome - funny and even brought us blankets for the chilly weather . many thanks for the excellent service and great view !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in the door , and was kindly greeted by the bartender . at that point the customer service pretty much stopped . i sat for 20 minutes before the server acknowledged me , and another 10 after she dropped off some menus at which point i left . i sat there for 30 minutes without so much as a glass of water !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going the the vu for the last year . it 's a great location with a beautiful panoramic view of the valley . the food is terrific ! i love their bruschetta ! always a nice place to drop by , relax , take in the views , live music & delicious food . if you 're in a hurry , go somewhere else , this is definitely a place to linger & re-charge your batteries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "next time we come out to eagle mountain inn we will definitely be eating here this is our first time in . fabulous service and food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most amazing view in the valley.. a hidden gem in the valley of the sun ... the food is always so delicious freshly prepared beautiful presentation ... lived spending christmas here and always.. ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sad ... for a restaurant that has so much potential to be this bad . service is weak , menu is weak , & our overall experience horrible ! if they were able to get some serious help in there they could be a great property . the only this this property is good for is the view a a bottle of wine ... skip the food as it will always be sub par . the owner needs to step aside & let someone who knows what there doing manage the property as she is unable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have tried to suport owner since the opening . love the view , food has almost always been excellent , tonite no exception , food excellent ! . services were just as always ( unless it 's very slow ) poor to horrible ! i get embarrassed taking friends there for the non existing service . hire better or more staff ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 3 stars because food should be 5 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here dozen times . food is amazing . recommend filet quesadilla as i get it everytime . the flatbreads are also very good . the view is what most people come for . the one downside is service which you will see people complain about on here . not bad on calm nights but weekends you can tell they dont have enough staff . i believe if they advertised to scottsdale and got more steady flow of people they would hire more people , but in mean time service will be iffy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drove past this place 100s of times and never stopped . glad i did , menu not a `` spa '' only menu , but a nice array of choices . i had a cheeseburger and fries and it was really good ! servers were very nice , but did feel like they were not quite ready to be open for business at 1 pm on a sunday . will go back and try other things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new staff , new menu , amazing food , amazing view and great company if you sit at the bar ! i have been there twice now since their changeover and everything was top notch both times . great place for a girls night ( pedicures next door , then head over for great food & drinks ) or a romantic date night on the patio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vu is a very cute little restaurant with a breathtaking view . we sat on the patio overlooking the entire valley and it was by far one of the best i 've ever seen . i had wine which was a rosa champagne blend with wine and it was delicious . we shared the bruschetta platter which was delicious ! ! after we decided split the personal pizza and we were pretty disappointed : ( the pizza just was n't that good . its tastes like doughy microwavable pizza . i would go back because the bruschetta and wine were great and maybe it was just a bad night . i 'll just try something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while in town visiting friends they took us here . it was great ! the place is very small but comfortable . the view is awesome . there is an outside seating area as big as the indoor area but it was a bit chilly for outdoor dining . what a view over the valley ! the food was excellent . i had the bone in rib eye special , cooked just as i ordered it . my wife had the halibut special after asking a neighboring table how it was . surprisingly great ! ! in arizona no less . our hosts were equally pleased . they had music , a great singer accompanying recorded music . very nice . the owner was very visible and the chef came out to visit the tables . both good indicators of a quality restaurant in my opinion . all in all a great dinner and perfect experience . i would go back at anytime . with tip for our waiter john , who was very good , we were at $ 200 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a buger here a little while back that was really pretty good . good enough to go back . they seem to have a good wine selection and it has , as the name would suggest , a fantastic vu ! i 'm not sure , but i think it is connected to owned by the same folks who own the salon next door . the service was a little weak , but i think our waiter was a friend of the owner who was just helping out . in fact , it kind made it seem like we were on someone 's deck having dinner . someone with a really big deck with a great view . it would be a great place to take a date and sit outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freshly cooked food and a committed owner make all the difference . the barbecue chicken pizza is to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over-worked server with a great attitude and humour made up for slow kitchen and over-priced menu . the view was partly foggy but our drinks were always freshed and tasty . i would come again -- hopefullu they will have more help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is it ! no more other gyms for me ! i love the energy and camaraderie ! each trainer has their own style and they are all great ! they push you but are supportive and encouraging ! day 1 , could n't even do a burpee and could do literally 2 push-ups on my knees ... class # 9 , can do a full burpee and multiple push-ups ! it 's the little wins right ? ! high energy , pumping music , punches , kicks , bosus , trx , weights , planks , weighted ropes ! ahhhhhhhhh ! it 's intense but i love it ... truly i do . their app is fantastic and allows you to book and cancel classes , buy extra classes at other locations , and store cc info ... super easy . the trainers truly care about form and your overall health . it 's women only but no barbies . you will see the same faces each of your classes and they are supportive and friendly . give it a shot ! burn those calories and build lean muscle ! strong is sexy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in today for my new member orientation . i was very nervous because of my size and current fitness level , but i convinced myself to give it a try . len was very welcoming and assuring . he walked us through the stations and had us try them out and corrected our technique . he explained that each person can work at her own pace . i 'm really looking forward going to the real class . it 's definitely a much more intense workout than i would ever do working out on my own at gym . the facility is also very nice and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jabz boxing . it is great circuit training , and every class you get your butt kicked . the instructors motivate you and check to make sure you are using the correct form . i love how each day focuses on a different set of muscles . every day is different so it is never boring and you never feel like you are plateauing . i have been coming to jabz for the past 4 months and i would recommend it to anyone . if you are looking for something that it is a little more personal than your typical gym ( or do n't know what you are doing ) , but ca n't afford a personal trainer , then jabz is for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's always a great workout , never boring . it does n't ever get 'easy ' because you 're going at your own pace at each workout station , as you get stronger you can do more reps . the owner , len , and the trainers are all awesome , very patient and motivating . they make sure you 're doing the exercises correctly so you do n't hurt yourself . i 've been going to jabz since about august of last year and i 've seen quite a positive change in my fitness level and workout confidence . i always look forward to the classes , i know i 'll be breathing hard and sweating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried spin , barre , and all the other workout classes out there . jabz is intense and i love it ! every instructor is amazing , as well . emily puts on a fantastic class !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to work out ! i feel so powerful boxing and it is a fun atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jabz is the best for those who want to get their butt kicked . love it completely . the cost of each month is definitely worth the workout and experience you get . each and every trainer i have gotten to workout with has been supportive and encouraging throughout . every day is different . prepare to sweat , be in pain , and have a blast . even if you 're a beginner , do n't be scared , these guys got you covered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love jabz ! it 's is hands down the best workout i have ever had and i look forward to going every day ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a place that will kick up your workout game up a notch , this place will do it . i really enjoy it because it only takes half an hour , but that 's really all you need . you will be sore tomorrow . but the con side of it is that if you 're like me , who has not been to a gym for a couple of weeks and need to start out slow , jumping into a high intensity workout can be challenging and even intimidating . but if you 're all for that challenge it 's great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took classes at the scottsdale location about a year ago and was thrilled when they opened a location in tempe where i live . i love the variety of the workout and the instructors are very helpful and encouraging . the time just flies by during the workout . i also like that they have a warm up routine and a stretch afterwards . do n't be afraid to try this even if you have n't worked out in awhile or you passed being a `` 20 something '' a long time ago . you will be amazed with the results", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! got turned on to it by a friend so bought a groupon to try it . workouts are fun and challenging ! it 's so fun to hit something , haha : ) . the trainers are fabulous and encouraging to all fitness levels . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does the use of organic meats , vegetables , and cheese make a difference ? in this breakfast joint it does ! i got the two hippies burger with cheese , and `` upgraded '' it with a side of onion rings . the burger was fresh and nicely seasoned , with two kinds of grated cheese melting on top , and did not have that commercial fast food or diner taste . i also enjoyed the onion rings and liked the fact that they use red onion for the rings . the service was very friendly and i had a pleasant dining experience , enjoying my meal while looking at the 60s and 70s decor and listening to the hits of tina turner piped in . looking forward to trying their breakfast fare next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm shocked by the bad reviews of this place . you do n't go to a place like this to have truffles in your waffles , or creme brulee : it 's a breakfast joint ! and here 's what makes it great : food : generous portions of tasty food . the french toast is great , and i love the variety available in their breakfast bowls . they used to have cuban salsa , which was a fantastic secret ... they ought to bring that back . prices : very reasonable , just bring cash ! staff : there 's a kid who sings your order to you , and he 's awesome . everyone else there is friendly , talkative , and happy to throw some more coffee in your cup . location : convenient spot , lots of parking , clean tables , fun decor . support your local businesses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i appreciate the laid back hippie decor in this place - it 's pretty cool , i totally get it ! love it ! clean restaurant and clean restroom too . place your order at the counter and grab a table . the food is cheap too and just the right portion too ! it 's nothing fancy and that 's what i like sometimes , just a no frills indie dive of a place where a little money gets you a decent amount of food . the food arrived very quickly . the asian guy behind the counter was very friendly - i 'm guessing he was the owner ? i dunno . i have no complaints . it 's my new favorite breakfast joint when i 'm visiting my favorite shops in the melrose area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the name is slightly misleading because they also now serve lunch , which is likely a mistake . we called in an order and i had difficulty finding the place because signage is bad and the location is difficult to find . however when i got there , the staff was very friendly and promptly handed me my order and i was on my way . when i got back to the office the food was barely warm ( i did n't have to go far , but i 'll take partial blame for ordering take-out to begin with ) which told me it was ready waaaay before they told me it would be . the fries were flavorless , and my jalapeno chili veg burger was not the least bit spicy . kinda disappointing . it also was supposed to come with some sort of `` sunshine '' sauce but my order had none while a colleague 's did . i was overly underwhelmed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm liking the breakfast bowls - you get a couple of eggs scrambled with your choice of up to six toppings - served over potatoes . i 've gone the breakfast burrito route but i prefer the bowl . my potatoes were pretty greasy on my first visit , which was apparently their first day of business , but things have improved . btw , you get your breakfast bowl with potatoes and texas toast for only $ 6 . no doubt a big part of the appeal is the staff . the atmosphere is mas-o-menos and it 's crowded with tables and junk , but the people who work there are great . very fun , and they toss trivia questions out to patrons all morning on saturdays . um , the bread pudding if amazing ... i 'm excited to try their corn dog on a stick - without having to hang around a bunch of toothless county fair carnies to get it . doh ! and , i love love love the pomegranate lemonade . p.s . check your attitude at the door , sit down , relax and enjoy your food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had breakfast here this morning with my friend sage and richard . just like the other hippies establishments , it has a quirky theme , they accept cash only and it 's also self served . for $ 6 you can have either a burrito style breakfast or a breakfast bowl with 6 ingredients . i chose the egg burrito with olives , sundried tomatoes , mushrooms , brocolli , cheese and red salsa complete with hashbrown potatoes . i thought the value was okay , the food was decent . and the staff seems to act like they appreciate having you in their restaurant . bottom line : good value for your money , but do n't expect too much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sriracha and tabasco are your only hopes at hippies -- bland , greasy and undercooked potato dice -- coffee quality ( like everything else here ) is piss-poor -- pancakes from a box , agave syrup does n't do much -- plastic plates and utensils ruin whatever 's left , like a fly-infested bowl of potato mush at the neighborhood pot luck , now scooped to mouth with a flimsy twist of soft sporkage . -- regular commercial radio accompanies ... with commercials miss it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this place and have been here multiple times . i consider this a basic breakfast menu ... eggs over easy , corned beef hash , pancakes , french toast . nothing fancy , but a local neighborhood hang out , and in this context i think two hippies is great ! i love the relaxed atmosphere and the friendly staff . service is fast and good and i have never had to wait for a table . if i want fancy food ... well , then i go someplace else ... if i want stick-to-the-bones breakfast someplace i am comfortable first thing in the morning ( dressed in whatever ) , two hippies is high on my list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like your scrambled eggs toasty brown , dry and greasy ? or smoothies made with flavored syrup instead of actual fruit ? then you 've found your place ! expect a long wait though !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a coupon for a $ 2.99 breakfast and ca n't say it was even worth that much . i had eggs ( which were good ) , toast ( fine ) , bacon ( way overcooked ) , sausage ( wrinkled little meat things that were over cooked too ) , and potatoes ( black spots and tasted horrible ) . my kids had pancakes which they said were really good ( thus the reason for 2 stars ) . since i only paid $ 3 for this meal , and i was hungry by the time i got it , i did n't take it back , which i should have . i noticed i was not the only one here who was very disappointed with their food . the atmosphere is great and fun , but the food should be their number one concern .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "most delicious breakfast ever ! the breakfast bowl made your way is massive in size and tastebud-electrifying . there are about a million different things you can add . i ca n't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu . tasty diner homestyle food made with fresh and organic ingredients ... staff is super friendly and fun singing orders on the mic too . another successful hippie joint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate breakfast at the two hippies breakfast joint this morning for the first time . i had a breakfast bowl ( you get to pick 6 items to be scrambled in with your eggs ) all for $ 6 . it was amazingly good . my husband had the fried okra , bagel , and a breakfast bowl , he absolutly loved the okra and the breakfast bowl . the food is great here , the price is amazing for the amount of food you get , and the atmosphere is very nice and enjoyable . we will be back as regulars at this 'joint ' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's just say ... long line just to order , 30 minutes waiting for food , order came out wrong then they would not remake the order because they stop serving at 11:30 ... wow for being an all day breakfast joint 11:30am seems a bit early to stop serving ! instead they refunded our money ... they could not even offer us alternatives just take your money back and leave ! try la grand , over easy , bertha 's , matt 's all great and really good service too ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wanted to love it . i really wanted to love it . but it 's like one of those people you look at from across the room for months , dreaming about dating them . then you go out to dinner and have nothing to talk about . that 's two hippies breakfast joint . nothing makes it special . nothing makes it memorable . coffee was ok. food was ok. service was ok . nothing makes me want to have a second date .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went over there for breakfast today . the vibe is definitely hippie type stuff . i 'm an old hippie and some of the stuff brought back memories so time went fast as i waited for our food . i had the breakfast bowl-i was n't impressed . eggs were overdone , potatoes were dried out with no taste , bacon tasted like last weeks . plastic fork bent when i used it . tables were not being cleaned . my partner had a smoothie and said it was good . good value if you are hungry , but lacking in quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has changed the way they do things a little bit . first of all , they 're giving you real plates and silverware now . second , they have waitstaff that comes to the tables , not just counter service . i think they are changing the name to melrose diner too . same great food , but it 's nice that they are upping the service a little more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place for breakfast , its not frills , but the decor an atmosphere is fantastic . i had been to one of the other 2 hippies places and they told me about this place . i am so glad i was introduced to this place and it is somewhere i will go back to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "si ce n'est pas un concept extra-ordinaire que d'inventer un magasin ou tout est \u00e0 moins de 1 $ ( ou presque ) quel \u00e9tudiant fran\u00e7ais ne reverrait pas de pouvoir remplir ses tiroirs de cuisine pour 10 ou 20 $ ? aucun ! c'est une mine de petites choses que l'on a besoin tous les jours , les prix peuvent monter jusqu'\u00e0 2,5 $ ( je n'ai jamais vu plus ) pour les plus gros objets ! mais c'est vrai que l'on se demande comment un magasin comme \u00e7a arrive \u00e0 tenir ! mais ca marche ! et c'est merveilleux !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as with all dollaramas this is a great place to pick up small household items you need along with snacks and even find that rare toy they received overstock of . the staff here are mostly friendly elderly folks who are willing to lend a helping hand if you need one . i find this dollarama in particular has lots of great items in stock and a lot of rare gems as well . all dollaramas are different , but it seems like smaller ones such as this get some decent stock that others do n't most of the time . this place is great and you ca n't beat the price by any means !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you only need ont thing and buy for 20 $ of useles stuff ! ! as good as every dollorama . the one at gallaria mall is bigger !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had geico insurance for several years now , and they raise their rates every 6 months on us , and we have a good driving record .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were looking for a new company . we completed forms online , but sandy was so helpful in identifying additional savings . she also evaluated necessary insurance needs . we appreciate the fast response and completeness of the application . when we called with additional questions , others were eager to help . we appreciated the personal touch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team at geico are very professional and knowledgable ! everyone is helpful and always are willing to go the extra mile to answer any questions and assist me in any way the can . i would recommend everyone to call and obtain a quote ! ! competitive prices and great customer service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst insurance company ever . they make u pay automatically from a bank acct otherwise u have to pay a fee . ca n't wait to leave them . very upset and disappointed in them", "score": "1"}
{"review": "geico for auto is great ! but they are really really bad for home insurance through homesite , would never ever recommend them . one small claim drove my price from $ 850 a year to almost $ 2000 a year . i feel like i was never insured and their payout was just like a bank loan that i am paying back . also just an fyi and to be fair to agents of geico i got my policy through phone call directly with geico not any particular street location agent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg there making the pizzas with there bare hands . so if your a germ-a-phob do n't come here . no gloves . i do like the fact it 's not busy every time i come in .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this peter piper because the pizza is always good and i never wait long after ordering", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from ca and went here with my cousins . i thought the deep dish pizza was great . we had the bacon pizza . i also had a medditeranian salad which was great . i will definitely go back next time i am in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nope . currently dying on the toilet 20 minutes after eating pizza from here . i 'd give it zero stars if it allowed me to . unless you want to drain your insides from your rear , do n't eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i always come here . last week there was a misunderstanding with my order and instead of the staff getting pissed the manager came to the register , explained the problem and comped our whole meal ! she had outstanding customer service . wish i would have got her name . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what idiots . when i was here last time me and my son waited 45 minutes for our food ! just now , 2nd time in a month , we waited a reasonable time and when our table pager went off , we go to get our food and come to find out our pizza was given to someone else . we confront that other person , he stated the employees gave it to him , not minding that that was someone else food . this place sucks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stand by my first review but i can not compliment the weekend service . we went here this past sunday . it was fulled packed . the game area was horrible with almost every machine being occupied . but that 's understandable . what i can not give a pass to , is the pizza quality . i usually like the pizza here but on this day it was horrible . too much sauce and not enough cheese on the pepperoni pizza . clearly , they were trying to push out the pizzas asap and were ignoring the quality . unacceptable . ppp , i 'm sure many customers would prefer that you take your time to correctly make the pizzas instead of pushing them out as fast as you can . horrible quality . will not return on a weekend . we will stick to weekdays .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in today for a school fundraiser with my daughter and her cousins . the staff was amazing and very polite . they had staff participating in the cha cha with the kids and playing hot potatoe with them . all very involved and helpful . good job and definitely had a good time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lunch buffet for $ 6 is a steal ! the great white pizza is incredible ! if you 're into just a simple pizza , you ca n't go wrong with their pepperoni . super cheesy , super delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "moving out of vegas and was looking for a reliable vendor to remove mattresses that salvation army wo n't take . found this husband and wife who are navy vets . they cleared my mattresses and cleaned my garage like it was new . great people who take pride in their service . you will not go wrong using their service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to find someone to pick up and discard a couple of mattresses , old tv 's , other pieces of furniture , and misc items . after looking on yelp , i found jdog junk removal . they have great reviews and is veteran owned and operated by a lovely family , greg , his wife tammy and their daughter . they recycle what they can , and donate items that can be used by someone in need . they are professional , very prompt , reasonably priced and the nicest of people . i would highly recommend them and would use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience with jdog junk removal ! they were prompt with responding to my inquiry , gave me a fair estimate and were overall genuinely nice people ! while i wanted to avoid doing labor on my own , even if i wanted to i would n't have known where to go to dispose of my old school heavy as concrete sony tv and mattress box set ! not to worry , jdog took care of everything ! ! worth every penny ! ! ps- , it feels great to support new local businesses and military vets which is an added bonus ! thank you jdog !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i scheduled with jdog a few days in advance , not being 100 % sure what would need to be taken out . in the end , it was a bed frame , 2 sofas , and a few other smaller pieces . they arrived 5 minutes early , which i appreciated , and got the stuff moved out quickly . their rate was great compared to a few other quotes i got , and they accepted all payment types ( some others i saw were cash only ) , and i was surprised at the small price difference when they were removing about twice as much stuff as i originally thought they would be removing . they were also very responsive over yelp and text throughout the process and helpful and friendly in answering all my questions . i would highly recommend them and say it 's well worth the money to get junk cleared out . thanks , greg and tammy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , lower prices than the big companies , really nice people and best of all , they are a veteran-owned local business ! they donate usable stuff to veteran 's village and dispose of true junk in environmentally safe ways . i ca n't say enough nice things about tammy and greg . they were right on time and hauled away my old mattress and box spring quickly . i have used 1-800-junk in the past , but the jdog prices are much lower . i absolutely recommend them to anyone who needs this type of service . check out their website or give them a call before you contact one of the big national junk removal services . it feels good to support our vets and especially this local small business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners , greg and tammy promptly contacted us back within an hour . the next day they arrived on time at our morning appointment . we negotiated the price with them after checking with another company for a comparison . they matched the price and we were thankful they did since they immediately seemed professional , friendly and reliable . they did the job within 3 hours which was quick for the heavy concrete they loaded out of the backyard . this was a tremendous help since i have a bad back . highly recommend greg and tammy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "efficient and fast ! well worth it ! so friendly and great people . they were in and out and very accomodating with whatever we needed . i would highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used their website to make an appointment . super easy . came the next day on time and helped me get rid of a bunch of things in my garage at a very affordable price . only people i will use for a job like this again . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional , good communication ( from the initial contact , to the initial visit ( to provide an accurate quote ) , to actually doing the job ) . they did a fantastic job hauling my junk . i highly recommend them and will definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are very quick in responding back to messages . also communication through text to set up the time and date was easy . after some communicating to get the time to match up . they came out and i walked them through and pointed out bigger items scattered around the house . gave me a reasonable price and moved very quickly . after everything was packed they swiped up the garage . they are a locally operated family and a veteran . i would highly recommend them and would used them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg and tammy at jdog junk removal did a great job hauling away junk at my place . they were quick , courteous and very professional . i 'd recommend them for any hauling jobs and i 'd use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start with this word ... professional ! the review by aimee below mine says it all . sometimes when we need something done we ignore it because we think it is going to be a pain . we think to ourselves oh i do n't want to let anyone in my house looking like this . i had been delaying this junk removal from my house and just got fed up ! i communicated via yelp for the quote , appointment and service through text . i was very impressed that the company cared about my time by answering quickly and did n't try to give me a wishy washy price ! stop looking for another company to do the job . you have found it ! excellent communication on time service friendly demeanor best price speedy removal my junk was gone in no time ! do n't let another company waste your time and rip you off ! pick up the phone and call ! when i have more junk you betcha i will call again ! thanks greg and tammy ! cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally contacted jdog on monday asking for a quote , the response was very quick but i opted to go with someone else . unfortunately the company i opted to go with canceled on me about two hours before scheduled pick up . we had a driveway half filled with stuff and it was an eyesore , i needed it gone asap . i contacted jdog again and they responded ( again , very quickly ) that they could try and fit me in today for an estimate and possible removal . awesome ! they really worked with me on timing and were very accommodating ( especially for a last minute job ! ) . once we met and agreed upon a ( reasonable ) price they quickly loaded everything up and even swept up any debris left behind . from time we met to time they left it was barely 30 minutes . i highly recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really needed to get rid of an old ( and very large and heavy ) tv , and after comparing service charges from some of the other junk removal businesses , i found jdog to be one of two that offered the lowest rate . they 'll do their best to fit you in on short notice ( they actually had an opening for me the day after i contacted them ) and give you a courtesy confirmation call when they 're driving over . they arrived right on time , and my tv was waiting in the garage for them to drag into their truck . it took less than 5 minutes of rearranging their own load from previous pickups to make the extra room ( easy-peasy ) ! jdog junk removal is also a veteran owned and operated company , and i feel pretty safe in trusting that they will dispose and or recycle my tv properly . i could 've made them work a little harder except i did n't have anything else for them to clean up or haul away ... maybe , next time ( for sure ) ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from start to finish , jdog was amazing ! greg was quick to respond to my message asking for a quote and fast to respond to all follow up messages . they are a family owned and run company who are comprised of veterans . i met greg , his wife tammy , and their lovely daughter ! they were quick , friendly , and upfront with pricing . i would highly recommend them and will be keeping them in mind for any future haul away needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a disaster of a garage and some old patio furniture that i needed to get rid of . jdog had some great reviews . i can understand why ! professional : check courteous : check prompt : check thorough : check in short , they were fantastic . will use them again and have no hesitation to recommend jdog !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we knew our rental needed a massive clean out of unwanted junk and thank goodness we found jdog henderson ! they were on time , worked their tails off and even swept the garage when they were done . friendly people and a veteran too ca n't beat the price and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company ! great price ! very professional and accommodating ! they matched prices and removed the hot tube without us even being there ! as a realtor i 'll come across lots of properties in need of good junk removal and hauling and i 'm glad i found a company i can trust and use ver and over again . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect transaction from start to finish . very easy to do business with ! we texted back and forth and had a quote before they came for our old sectional couch ! the pick up process was very smooth ! what a great family company ! we would definitely recommend tammy , greg & their daughter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just used this service yesterday . it was sunday and since i was leaving the country that night i really needed an old mattress removed . by the time greg showed up i had put out a ton of trash i did n't know i still had . i did n't know they do n't normally work sundays but he had given a great price compared to other companies i had called . greg really saved me . i had no other options at that point and he did n't take advantage of the situation . i would 10 out of 10 use them again if i still lived in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg and tammy are the most efficient , accommodating and professional group of people we have ever had the pleasure of doing business with . we messaged tammy about the junk in our yard and she immediately responded in less than an hour and came to our house that same day . they were prompt and fast and finished with work in less than an hour . had such a wonderful experience meeting this wonderful couple . best of all , they do n't charge an arm and a leg and they even worked with us on the pricing . i am highly recommending jdog . you do n't see an honest , efficient and hospitable company come along these days . thank you very much greg and tammy for a great job . more power to the both of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing ! i was concerned about a `` junk '' removal company only because i had a ton of children toys , books , and furniture , but they explained that they donate most of the items to a great cause ! they where fast , prompt ! and very efficient ! i tried to help load but they demanded i sit back and relax . when they where finished they even swept out the garage for me ! i highly recommend supporting our veterans and i highly recommend j-dog ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything went as hoped and planned ! i 've been moving out and getting my house ready to rent out , and had quite a bit more trash to remove than i initially thought . i sent for a quote the night prior and they were able to come next day with no problem ! super professional and easy to talk to . fairly priced based on my other estimates and would definitely recommend others doing business with them as well . thanks for the help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a hold of them today to get some junk out of my yard that has been there since who knows when . i was on a time crunch and needed the work done asap . they showed up about an hour later to give me an in person quote , and since we agreed on a price they got to work right away . it could n't have been a quicker or easier transaction . the finished product was fantastic , and i had a chunk of my yard back ! ! ! all in all a great job . pricing is fair and service is friendly , fast , and thorough . will use again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really appreciate the quick response and friendly service i received from jdog ! i was able to have a quote and removal within an hour of my request for info . i would definitely use their services again and i would recommend them to others without question . thank you guys so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , excellent humans and excellent job done . they were on time and very good at their job . would use them again in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rate the food here at five stars , some of the best thai food i 've ever had . the problems are the atmosphere of the place . run down strip mall space with lime green and pink interior decoration from what i remember best left in the 80s . as another reviewer said , they do n't screw around with spice . if you ask for it very spicey you better watch yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yessssssssssssssssss ! ! ! ! ! ! oh . my . lord . best thai food in phoenix . erawan=no . pink pepper=only when i 'm starving touch of thai=anytime . any day . i 'm obsessed with thai food . the best i 've had was in california but now that i 'm here , i go for touch of thai . wowsa . the pad thai and pad see ew is incredible . the servers are very nice . it can get busy but seriously , it 's worth any wait . man ! i want some right now ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their curry is so yummy ! ordered for take out and when we went to pick up i got to meet the infamous witty waiter , who took his last chance to see if we wanted to eat in ! he 's funny . just for that , next time we 're eating in . we ordered the green curry , but got the # 52 curry , and although i wanted the green curry , i very much enjoyed the 52. haha . the food was pretty good , pad thai seemed a bit sweet for me , but not too much for me to not like it . we had some other beef and vegetable meal with carrots , onions and broccoli i believe , i really liked that too . the bf wanted to just order 2 curry 's , after that i know i could be totally satisfied getting 2 different curry 's . i 'll be back for another touch of thai !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing curry ! ! ! ! ! i went for lunch and was very impressed . they have a huge selection vegetarian and not and all priced very well . i got the red curry chicken with a thai egg roll , rice and fried wonton for $ 6.95 what a steal . you can get as hot as you like which i like a lot of spice in my life and they delivered . i will be back for sure in the near future and i am kicking myself for taking this long to try it . also after reading reviews i saw the service was bad and i had no issues with service they were very prompt and even refilled my soda without even having to ask .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "recently , touch of thai has been my go to place for thai food . love how spacious the restaurant is ! i have ordered a few dishes such as tom kha gai , garlic beef and pad thai . all of these dishes were great , especially the soup ! i have yet to taste more dishes . the prices are reasonable for a couples dinner . we ordered three dishes and our grand total was $ 31.00 . not bad ! the service is ok but the kitchen has disappointed me a few times . for example , i ordered cashew chicken and they forgot the cashews . they also do n't give appropriate serving spoons . and when we asked for some they came back with teaspoons . teaspoons ? overall , i like the place because their food is delicious . definitely a must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this restaurant a few times with my friend k when we both get a craving for thai food . they have very good thai iced tea , and whenever we go , all of our items are hot and delicious . she usually gets some sort of soup item and some appetizers . i usually get the chicken satay , and the phad thai with chicken and tofu . i only remember some minor issues with this place : 1 ) ordering something mild does n't always get you mild , in fact one of my dishes was pretty darn spicy . a little surprising . 2 ) my friend k had a gross shrimpy incident , where she pulled all of the shrimp out of whatever dish she got because they tasty old and ... '' yucky '' . i never order shrimp so.. yeah . but the chicken and tofu are always a+ ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were very pleasantly surprised by this little place . scrupulously clean , very pleasant and attentive staff , and delicious food . the portions are more than generous and there are lots of vegan options . my husband had the bbq chicken anc loved it . it came with a dish of spicy sauce that he said was great . i had veggies and tofu and it was really tasty . you can specify the degree of heat you 'd like in the many dishes that include peppers . we will definitely be coming back . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good food but service was pretty bad . took us walking up to pay check after waiting 30 minutes to get waitress attention which she never came back . do it again , yes but would make sure they know my issue when i order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great yellow curry and thai tea here . think this the best chicken satay i have ever had , but its made the traditional way so be prepared to wait awhile for it . well worth it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not so good . not clean . try siam thai . much better and clean", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food : 3.5 service : 2 summary : great lunch joint with a group who enjoys some spicy thai i 've come here twice and both times it took more than 10 minutes for the server to acknowledge our presence , even though there were n't a whole lot of people there . that said , they 're lunch menu is great . about $ 9 total for meal , tax , and a 20 % tip for some really good food . i recommend the red curry , extra spicy . also if you like heat , get some of their extra hot sauce chili pepper selections . definitely a favorite for the work-crowd , so definitely will be coming back for more in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is just ok . this is on my lunch rotation as i work in n. phoenix so i occasionally stop here . service is always ok , decor is about on par with other phoenix thai joints located in yet another infamous strip mall . prices are reasonable , portions are ok . the reason i would not give them 4 stars is because the last time i went i asked for very hot and the dish was not . i had a spicy basil tofu dish and the tofu was severely lacking . i know how much tofu costs ; even the good stuff is relatively cheap - load me up ! this has got to be one of the most boring reviews ever but maybe i am getting my point across about touch of thai . if you are in n. phoenix there are certainly worse places to eat , meh ... ... .whatever .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just shoot me . a touch of thai is just that : `` a touch of thai '' : ) i have n't tasted such below average thai food before . go to siam thai not far from here , but sooo much better : http : feastinginphoenix.com ? p=289 siam thai has more authentic taste than thai restaurants i 'm used to eating at in phoenix . their phad kee mao is wonderful , by the way . they 're at 5008 w. northern ave , glendale , az 85301 . open tues-sun . go -- you wo n't be disappointed . tell me what you think after you go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was good . the paht thai weirdly reminded me of seaweed salad in flavor . not what i 'm used to but still good . my mom said her food was really greats you and too rich and heavy . the waitress seemed annoyed at anything we asked for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "touch of thai has amazing food with fast , friendly service . i recommend going there for lunch . they have great specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have been a convenient place to get take-out food from and i 've done so at least 4 or 5 times . generally i like their food and my thai favorites are done well . what has been extremely annoying is the poorly cooked rice i have received several times . how one box can have a mix both undercooked and overlooked rice is astounding , but it has happened more than once . if i was eating it there , i 'd simply ask for it to be replaced . being unable to expect something so simple has made me look elsewhere when in the mood for thai food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was prompt and both waitresses provided good service to me and my girl . they refill water and napkins at every chance . we had the pad thai - it had a great portion and moderate spice , and the yellow curry- thick and flavorful just missing a bit more spice ( we got it hot , it tasted like mild ) . overall it was a great experience . i would truly go back with my girl any day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered pad see ew through ubereats , the flavor was definitely lacking , pretty greasy and the noodles were a bit overdone . we each tired the beef but since it was tough & fatty i would try the chicken if we decide to order from here again . it was n't the worst i 've had but i 've definitely had much better flavor . there was also minimal egg which was disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was my frst thai food experience . foods were really good.we ten friends went over there and ordered so many items.we took chicken and mushroom soup , fish fillet , lo mein noodle , shrimp fried rice , chilli fish , garlic and pepper chicken , cashew chicken etc.we could n't able to order dessert as kitchen was already closed.we had to ask for our water , spoon , plates etc.i think they went a little nervous as they had to take order from 10 people at at a time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious thai food ... and its in arizona ! i was a little doubtful when friends told me it is good . ordered pad thai w tofu , pad see ew , and pineapple fried rice . these definitely have that `` wokness '' in them , which makes them good in terms of chinese cuisine . can feel the heat and flavors swirl in your mouth ! yums", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this place because it has been featured on dirty dining more than once in the past two years . they fail their inspections a lot . food is pretty good . service mediocre . place is never busy . that 's a sign something is wrong . turn around . go home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "holy crap this place is gon na be our new joint . the atmosphere is awesome , we were met with the best smell just walking in the door , the service was amazing , and the food was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant despite being in a strip mall has tried to decorate itself to look like a nicer thai restaurant . we should have been leery when we saw the lack of customers at dinner time . pros : the servers are prompt and friendly . the restaurant is clean . the food tastes decent ( i tried other people in my parties dishes and they were good ) and there are lots of options to choose . cons : the lack of veggies in any of their dishes . it seems like onion is their favorite vegetable to cook with as it was the most prominent food item in any of our dishes . i ordered the veggie stir fry ( expecting an assortment of veggies ) . there were maybe three pieces of overcooked broccoli mixed with lots of baby corn and onions in a very bland soy sauce . it was hugely disappointing . i ca n't say i would come back here based on this experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good thai food for phoenix area , prompt friendly service , found after satara closed and come here on a regular basis and will continue to do so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time eating here and i was very pleased . first , the place is clean and the service is very attentive and friendly . i ordered egg rolls which were large and a good price , 2 $ 3 . i then ordered the phad thai ( no tofu ) which was also a good portion and very tasty . note : the picture of the noodle dish was after i had put a good portion on my plate . all food was served piping hot and my water was filled up three times . i will definitely be back . good experience here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far , the best thai food i have ever had . i love the reaction i get when i order it spicy and they ask how spicy and i tell them , as spicy as you can make it . i love their squid and other more exotic foods , but the chicken is always cooked perfectly as well . i have tried a sauteed tofu dish that was really yummy when i am in the mood for something lighter . i work nearby , so on occasion , get to sneak out to go to lunch . and it is worth it . amazing , yummy food , delightful service , and a great little place . the decor is a bit out dated , but im okay with that . it does n't distract me from the wonderful aroma when you walk in to the zesty , savory , flavors of their cuisine . i recommend them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the best thai establishment i 've been to , but in the phoenix area ( especially west valley ) , we do n't have many options . if you 're just looking for a generic pad thai , you 'll probably find it to be just fine . there 's nothing wrong with that . if you 've sampled other various thai foods and are hoping to find that here , you 'll likely be disappointed . i will return here , but i will continue to stick with the following : tom yum goong and larb ( you can choose your ground meat -- i prefer ground pork ) . we 've had curries and stir-fries , all of which are ok . if you are a thai purist , avoid the entrees . if you are looking for general asian-style dishes , touch of thai will suffice . but seriously , try the larb ... .hidden gem .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yesterday was the first time i visited this restaurant . my boyfriend has been here many times previously and he suggested it . i ordered the nuea prig khing medium spicy . it had beef stir-fried with curry , carrots , and green beans . i was also served a delicious soup , an egg roll , and a fried wonton . the food was awesome . it was fresh , flavorful , and just the right amount of spice . the service was also excellent . the employees were polite and quick at getting our drinks and order placed . this is my new spot for thai food and i ca n't wait to return and try what else they have to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "touch of thai used to have a location in old town scottsdale . i are their pad thai , no joke at least twice a week . i loved their pad thai so much and frequented the place to the point where the owner john knew my name and order . unfortunately it closed down and just kept their second location open . i now drive 35 minutes to dine here . i wish they would once more open a location in tempe or scottsdale . it 's so authentic delicious and satisfying i crave it all the time . highly recommend . however the scottsdale location was much cleaner than this one . still trying to find something local and comparable . thai house is good but just not as good . love touch of thai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drunken noodles i had yesterday were fantastic , i prefer more spicy but that i would order that way next time , loved the thom gai soup , will definitely come again and try more things . place is n't fancy which is fine with the good food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent thai at a reasonable price . shrimp summer rolls with peanut sauce are fresh and delicious every time . best affordable thai in the valley that i 've found so far", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would love to give this place 4 stars , the atmosphere and service was very good . i got the chicken skewers with peanut butter sauce as an appetizer , and the pad thai for dinner and both were delicious , i would also highly recommend the thai tea it 's iced tea with a sweet cream in it . my boyfriend got the pepper steak and it was bland and watery , thus the 3 stars . great little restaurant , but do n't get the pepper steak .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is great thai food , and the staff is always very friendly and willing to give suggestions . take my word for it though , `` hot '' is very spicy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nasty nasty nasty . do not waste your money . i ordered pad thai . the noodles are dry . it seems as if it has been reheated plenty of times . i am sure i 'm getting left overs here but ca n't confirm . the thai tea is nasty and bitter . all in all for nearly 20 bucks i could have enjoyed my food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just an update- we went there a couple of nights ago . very busy but the staff was moving as fast as they could and remained friendly as always . the food was excellent . the waitress with the haircut that goes across her eyes needs to pull it back though . i spent an hour watching her running her hands through her hair as she served food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no jasmine rice ? no thanks . yellow curry was over powered by the taste of coconut milk . thai ice tea was weak . it has too much milk and not enough tea . it was way too sweet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good thai restaurant . beef larb had an amazing flavor , unlike i 've had before . curry was excellent , and they were generous with the shrimp . one of the few thai restaurants that actually provides very spicy food if ordered that way . fast , friendly service , and wonderful food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was off the chain a great place for lunch was on this side of town and was more than stoked from the service to the quality of the food and desert was just awesome highly recommend the tai tea and sticky rice ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff - super nice beer - cold food - amazing mike - happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered delivery via uber eats . line thai is always our go to ... until today . ordered the egg rolls , still crispy at delivery ( 25mins ) as well as the satay . both were fresh and not overlooked . sauces were delish . i got pad thai , noted all chicken in order and was prepared as requested . hubs got red curry . the flavors were on spot . wish they had a dessert section on ue . total was $ 44 and tipped $ 6 . worth it . hit the spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love touch of thai ! i eat here any chance i get & i 've never been disappointed with their vegetarian dishes . i have n't tried a lot of their veggie selection , but as for now my absolute favorite is # 69 - tofu curry . mmm mmm ! i am also a huge fan of their pad thai and their thai iced tea . great stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here on the way to flagstaff as it 's located right off the i-17 . ordered the egg rolls and yellow curry . the egg rolls were delicious and get a 5 5 . the yellow curry gets 3.5 or 4 out of 5 . not a big fan of potatoes in a curry . other reviews seemed to favor the yellow curry over the red curry , so i went along . portions are big ( and especially the amount of rice -- about twice as much as you get at other restaurants ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food and staff here are great . they are really fast at getting your order and your meal out which makes it ideal for lunch if you work nearby . interior could use some refining , but the food keeps me coming back . i 've had at least 4 different dishes on the lunch menu and i 've never been disappointed with the quality or portions !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best thai food in the nw valley . the penang curry is amazing . if you 're not a curry person , try the sweet and sour dishes , they 're super crispy and full of flavor . do n't forget the egg rolls . service is friendly and fast , with reasonable prices . definitely worth a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and dessert were yummy and the service was great ! when we walked in for dinner , there was no one else in the restaurant . by the time we left , the place was packed ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just walked out . the won tons said they would be stuffed with ground pork , cream cheese , and several other ingredients . we checked every single won ton and there was nothing inside . just chip . we told them to cancel our entrees . very disappointed after seeing the good reviews .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have nothing to complain about the food quality since food quality here was always great . granted , i have been here for 5 to 6 times . everytime i was there ; they were always short of staff . you can see many tables except maybe 2 are occupied by customers , but there are only max of 2 servers . especially when they are waiting to get their check or sign their credit card receipt , it takes forever for the servers to come . i feel bad for the servers , and i would suggest touch of thai have at least one more server to accomodate the number of customers they have .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best place to get thai food in the surrounding area . they make one of the best tom yum soup . their orange and red curries are delicious . the service is good and is a small place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "make sure to seat with nick ! he is by far the best and always remembers my order ! ! love the sweet and sour chicken . it 's phenomenal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the most modernized restaurant you 've ever been to , but great food and service for a very reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my business associates and i have been eating at touch of thai for at least 3 years . their friendly service and excellent food keep us coming back . it 's a great little restaraunt in north phoenix . give it a try", "score": "4"}
{"review": "she has the best selection in scottsdale . the most unique and flattering dresses . i found my rehearsal dinner dress here and am still in love with it in all of the photos . denise is also really honest . she wo n't let you buy anything that she does n't think looks absolutely fabulous . she wo n't stop until you find something amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having a very difficult time deciding on a dress to wear to my daughter 's wedding . a week before the wedding i decided i hated the dress i had decided to purchase so i was out relooking . i stumbled upon designer studio in the shops at gainey village . denise picked a stunning dress for me . she altered it four days so i could wear it the day of the wedding . i looked and felt beautiful . thank you denise for being you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the christmas goose is a lovely little shop on the westside . i love the employees who are all very endearing . they have a great selection of civil war , reproduction , and country fabric . my only dislike is the lack of unique , bright colored fabric , but that is my personal taste . it is worth a drive across town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the christmas goose quilt shop was the second stop on my visit to the las vegas quilt shops . this shop had a very charming , country feel to it throughout the store . there were many , many samples of small projects mixed in with the bolts of fabric , as well as wall hanging kits and large quilts hanging on the wall . the christmas goose offers several ways to save in their store throughout the month , including 30 % off on the 30th of the month , a birthday club and fat quarter fridays . check out their website for more details and more special offers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great quilt shop ! they serve hot apple cider during the winter months . very helpful employees and a vast selection of civil war and kansas troubles fabrics . great shop for making a folk art quilt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is lovely ! if you are looking for civil war reproduction fabrics this is the place to find them . their selection is huge . the employees are sweet and very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy to have found this shop . been to other quilting shops in the area , but this one is by far my favorite . great selections , great prices , and very friendly and helpful staff . christmas goose is definitely going to be my go-to shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best little quilt shop in the west . great people and classes . everyone always very helpful . a great place to shop and hang out ! ella galluccio", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here while visiting my daughter in town . i fell in love with their selection of fabric , especially carrying camille rosskelley 's newest line . the girls at the counter we so helpful and friendly . ca n't wait to go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible quilt shop . very traditional fabrics and patterns . huge array of notions . great staff , very welcoming and knowledgeable . a quilter 's heaven in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went into the store and the young lady cutting fabric said hello . i asked her for a specific pattern and color . she helped me and i found something right away . i shopped around a bit and had another question . another lady gave me an answer and kept on going . ( she seemed real busy . ) fabric is a little bit higher than other quilt shops i have been to . decor is fantastic . displays of completed quilts are inspiring . i do not live in the area . however , if i were back in the area and needed more fabric i would stop by in a heart beat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could put zero stars . beware of the timeshare scam ! they promise you $ 100 gift card and 3 night stay at one of their resorts . guess what ? ? if you do n't buy the timeshare , they do n't give it to you . they 're super pushy and wo n't give up . they said it would be an hour and a half and it was 3 hours . i want to warn everyone so they wo n't endure 3 hours of hell . please do n't be sucked in !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place smells . like literally smells . you can smell this awful stench wafting out of it before you even walk in the door . my guess is we were about 10 feet away from the front entrance and got this rank stench that infiltrated our nostrils.it made us gag and cough it 's no bueno kids , no bueno . i have no idea what the rooms are like , but based on that smell i do n't want to find out . ever . the location is amazing and the views are amazing , which is why i thought it might be ... you guessed it ... amazing . but it reminds me of a retirement home and smells like one to boot ! pass", "score": "2"}
{"review": "resort stay international , geoholiday club and starpoint resort group are all names of people who bait and switched me . they sold me on their package and then changed the rules and canceled my reservation . i am still waiting to see if my credit card will be refunded . not happy at all with their service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "value , value , value . for the price of a room at most other places on the strip , you get a full on suite at the jockey club . that suite comes complete with kitchen , pull out couch , multiple toilets , and decor that must be at least 40 years old . is it musty and tired looking ? yes . does the majority of the clientel fit that description as well ? yes . is it still a getto fabulous place to crash in the dead smack middle of the strip ? damn yes . bonus points for not having any gambling . its kinda nice to walk to your room without having to deal with the incessant lights and sound of 5 am gamblers . not that i 've ever been one of those losers . uh . yeah . lets move on . go jockey club ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 stars because we have 2- 2 bedroom 2 bath suites that come with a living room and full kitchen for a really affordable price ! oh and a walk in closet in each room . we 're here for the weekend and after a night of drinking , came back to the room and i guess somebody slipped up because the door was n't shut all the way . thankfully , security came to let us know 3 in the morning and got that rectified . it 's hidden behind the cosmo and it 's not fabulous as the cosmo but for the price , shoot i 'm not complaining .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the manager is a negative woman who looks like she just rolled out of bed , so unprofessional.. she is grumpy as all hell and rude . i was a paying customer . i was dissatisfied with her disregard for manners or even simple politeness . she refused to assist me over the phone even when i got the tourist place on board . she was so unprofessional and extremely , purposely unhelpful . like for what ? ! ? ! ! ? the security guard was so cute though . and hey were very helpful . and the room was nice . i would have gave 5 stars if the manager would n't have been just so purposely pessimistic and had that nasty attitude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed here for one night during a spur-of-the-moment vegas trip . my friend and i booked a room here on the drive up to vegas because it was the cheapest available room at the moment on the strip . we joked about how funny it would be if the room turned out nice . then our jaws dropped when we opened the front door . the room was huge ! it came with a bedroom attached to a separate living room and a kitchen fully equipped with an oven , stove , refrigerator freezer and microwave . i 'd say that this room was the same size if not larger than a suite at the palazzo . the only downside about this hotel is that we never found the parking garage ( if they even have one ) and that the hotel is extremely tough to find . it 's pretty much a tiny hotel surrounded by significantly larger and more appealing buildings . all in all , this hotel is now part of some of my craziest funniest most ridiculous memories to date and thus i have to give this hotel at least 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend told me about this place a couple of months ago and now i will not stay any where else . its not because its super cool nice like the bellagio or the wynn . its all about the location and the price . the jockey club is located next to the bellagio and directly across the street from planet hollywood ( formally known as the aladdin ) . i have not found a better deal on the entire strip than this place . every room is a suite , with a small kitchen , and living area . i have had 12 people stay in one room with no problem , it ended up costing us $ 20 a person for 2 nights on the weekend . its currently under construction so they only allow 1 valeted car per room . everyone else had to park in the planet hollywood parking structure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's nice , they have some great insitive that they offered us to join . i just do n't care for the montly maintenance fees after i 'm done paying the money . there are other ways to get fees out of people . we ended up buying one somewhere else . and although the rates are a little higher , we do n't have the monthly fees for the rest of our lives .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend 's family has a timeshare here so i 've stayed at the jockey club about four times over the last four years . recently , they 've made super renovations that elevates the ambience of this time share hotel . they have upgraded the rooms with better furnishings and new carpeting . it 's connected to the uber-swank cosmopolitan hotel with it 's own elevator entrance on the casino level . all of the rooms have their own separate bedroom and full-kitchen , separate living room and dining area . it 's like having your own apartment right on the strip . the rooms are perfect for groups . there is also a pool and gym downstairs , not that i 've ever used it but it 's nice to know it 's there . since there is n't a casino , the lobby does n't smell like cigarette smoke which is a real plus for me . i love that there is a grocery store downstairs if you need anything . for the price and location , jockey club is an excellent place to stay for a getaway in the city of sin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a no thrills place to stay in las vegas , but for the money and location it is perfect . the rooms where clean and spacious . the staff was great . everyone was so friendly and accommodating . it is a little hard to find , but once you know where it is you are fine . we loved the hospitably area with free coffee and popcorn in the evenings . we were staying over the academy awards weekend and they even had a great little watching party with food and prizes . we asked for a north side room if it was available for the view and what a view it was . we could watch the bellagio fountain from our room . the garbage trucks saturday morning at 6 am were a little annoying , but worth it for that view . we would recommend this place and would stay here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed . made reses months ago asking for a room with a view for my husbands birthday . we 've never been to vegas and this was his choice . not only did they in no way accommodate us , but the room we got backs up to a wall . i feel as if i 'm in a dungeon . what 's the point of asking for a view of the strip if they do n't care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to a few timeshare condos and this place is spacious and accomodating . i went to vegas to coach a basketball tournament in late july . my family of 5 with my brother and his wife . we were able to fit 7 people comfortably in the room . we exchanged our other timeshare points for this place and the location is amazing . it is right next to bellagio and across the street from planet hollywood . it is right on the strip . all good casinos are within 2 blocks of this spot . once you get past that it is engulfed by the new cosmopolitan and realize that this is a place to sleep and not to hang out , then you will have a good time . hopefully with the cosmopolitan opening up at the end of the year it will make this place a much more desirable place to stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't get caught up going to a time share seminar for 1.5hrs for the `` free '' show tickets and buffet . you can get all this by just picking up a coupon from one of the flyer guys on the street and just signing up for the players clubs at different hotels . do n't wast your time ! place is inexpensive and clean , well worth the money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed here with my friends on my most recent vegas trip . this gem is tucked between cosmo and bellagio . the rooms are average at best but the location is prime for all the best spots in vegas . good party room . they will bring you a roll out bed if you request it and wifi is slow but free . this place is one of those balling on a budget places . will stay here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can not best the price for the room . my first spur of the moment vegas trip we stayed here . it was a manageable check in and the accommodations were on point . the only problem was the maid woke us up as we went to bed , at 8 a.m ... needless to say i enjoyed my stay at the jockey club .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "size and location make the jockey club a very viable option for people who want to enjoy all that vegas has to offer ... minus the pricetag ! our particular set up had two ( spacious ) bedrooms and two bathrooms . there was a nice sized living room ( with pull out bed ) , kitchenette , and dining area . parking was included , and we were able to utilize the cosmopolitan 's pool , which turned out to be an awesome perk ! everything was clean , and service was fine . would definitely stay here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice big clean rooms with access to cosmopolitan hotels pool . jockey clubs pool is small and their hot tub is just warm they have lots of propane grills for guests and the full kitchen is great . the only negative is the maze of different elevators needed to get around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've stayed at the jockey club on 4 separate occasions and have always had a great experience . they offer 1 and 2 bedroom suites that are clean and spacious . the staff is friendly , helpful , and the rates are reasonable . if you drive you get complimentary parking in the cosmopolitan parking garage and even use of one of their pools . i 'll be staying at the jockey club on my next trip to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love being close to the strip with a wonderful view . room was clean . view was fantastic . staff goes out of their way to accommodate you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after some miscommunications regarding free accommodations w my family in vegas , my fianc\u00e9 and i had to book something last minute . $ 80 a night via expedia.com at the jockey club . located in the middle of the strip . booked . behind all the construction next to the bellagio is the jockey club . only valet parking is available , but it 's complimentary - just be prepared to wait a while on sunday morning . the lobby is blah and it was quite a distance from our room . but we were more than satisfied with what we got - a full suite ! ! ! - complete with huge comfy bed , crappy view and free internet . i could not be happier with it - i would definitely stay here again ! for the price and location , you ca n't beat the jockey club .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there for a 4 night stay . for the price of a room way further up the strip i got a condo here center strip . only reason im not giving it 5 stars is the construction going on around it that makes it confusing to find and get to by car . the 24 hour pool is great , staff is wonderful , and the condo is very comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a no frills hotel , with a great location , and depending on your room-an amazing view . this is a timeshare property , but it 's easy to avoid the sales pitch.this hotel is located in between the bellagio and the cosmopolitian . check in was smooth . we stayed in the derby tower on the 10th floor . our room was facing the bellagio fountain and paris . the room is large and includes a kitchen , dining roo abke , living room , 1.5 bath , walk-in closet , and huge bedroom . the hotel does have quiet hours , so no late night parties . we loved that part . the only downsides were hearing construction vehicles early in the morning and i would not feel safe walking back to the hotel or even with a girlfriend . it 's a short , but not well-lit walk from the strip . i would stay again in a heartbeat . you are n't going to find a larger room and amazing location for the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company has been innodating me with telemarketing calls about the jockey club resort . i am on the do not call registry but the calls persist . i have filled an fcc complaint . any company who telemarkets you with a blocked caller id is shady and has something to hide . be warned", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the location is great being right on the strip and in between bellagio and cosmopolitan . however we stayed in room 1014 a 1 bedroom unit full kitchen . the bed is worn and the couch bed smells like urine . i 'll never stay here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stayed here for a friend 's birthday a couple weekends ago . got a suite for friday and saturday for like $ 260 which fit 9 people in the 2 rooms in the suite alright . the room had a bedroom with 2 queen beds , a tv , a bathroom with a shower , and in the other room there was a kitchen with a microwave , fridge freezer , silverware , a dining table , another tv , and a fold out couch to sleep on . across the street from planet hollywood and next to bellagio . it might be a journey and a long walk where you might even have to carry all your luggage up the stairways to get to your room . ghetto small pool and no casino here . this is seriously a no thrills cheap hotel on the strip . not quite as ghetto as imperial palace but cheap and on the strip and a lot of room in the rooms .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not stay here . i am writing a review based on my experience with geoholidays , their affiliate . we were wrangled in by a couple of guys offering tickets to shows , comp money , gambling credit , and two nights stay at their hotel if we just took a 90-minute timeshare tour . the `` gifts '' ended up being credit on `` promotional slot machines '' ( which can not be redeemed for cash ) , a voucher on restaurants.com ( basically useless ) , and i did n't even bother hearing about the two night stay because i was about to flip tables up in there ! i demanded to see anyone who could rectify this absurd deception . deception i tell you . mike montera and bobby miller were the most deceptive of them all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a great find . $ 120 night , sleeps four very comfortably , squeezed up next to the cosmopolitan just a block away from the bellagio and paris paris . the pool is mediocre , but on the positive side - it has a pool ! and a hot tub . having a fridge also was convenient . the only downside is that 50 % of the rooms have a view of the wall of the cosmopolitan . so ask for a room with a view and see if you get lucky . in comparison with other nearby options like new york new york and the luxor , which were at least $ 200 night this past weekend with no kitchen , this place is a real gem . oh , and it also has free parking if you need it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is just a front window of a store , if you buy a timeshare you will not get to stay here as is the case with most of their properties , there are no availabilities ever . they really have no resorts so they tell you to use rci , they as well have no availabilities even 7 months out . it 's a scam and they should all be arrested and the only comfort i get is that i know what god is going to do to all of them who tell lies . one day they will have a whistleblower that will tell all which could possibly lead to a class action law suit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "front desk is rude ! room is average and the view sucks . most rooms your looking at a parking garage wall ! like i 'm going to invest in that ? ! ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this hotel is really nice and the workers are hella helpful ! it 's located right next to the cosmopolitan ! prime location is key ( : i love that they have free movies to rent and popcorn then some day 's donuts ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shhhhhhh . do n't tell anyone this is the best value and location on the strip ! me and my 2 best buds have stayed here the last 3 years for our 5 night `` mancation '' and we could n't imagine staying anywhere else ( unless we wanted to quadruple our room costs ) . it 's not glitzy by any means , but always clean and the staff is the most friendly of any vegas hotel i 've ever stayed in . but remember : keep this place a secret ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my friend went there for 2 day stay place was great everything you need in room is there very clean people are very nice loved the pool area free computers to you it may be hidden behind cosmopolitan casino but its worth going 2 in the heart of the strip i will be going back for longer time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we rented the three bedroom penthouse unit for a family thanksgiving vacation . the unit must have been rented as a frat house before our stay ... it was absolutly disgusting ! the furniture was ripped , collapsed couches with broken legs . the bed box springs were shot . the shower grout was black from mold ... kicked in doors , missing molding , on & on ... everything from a to z was horrific . we made a huge mistake of pre-paying in full ( $ 3,600.00 ) before arriving . we were offered a $ 300 refund to rent elsewhere ! it seems the thing about the jockey club is many of the units are privately owned and maintained ... you never know which you will end up with . if you are going here you must inspect the unit they plan on putting you in prior to paying . good luck ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not the best place on the strip but the location and price were just right . we did n't have anyone bothering us about timeshare . our view sucked because it was just a dang gray wall but seriously though , who cares ? you 're in vegas , you should n't be in your room . the majority of the time anyways ! full kitchen was very convenient since we had four kids with us . it was nice being in a hotel that did n't have a casino because we had kids with us and there was less temptation to give away our money . haha . no resort fees so that was a plus . they gave all the kids goodie bags too which was nice . rooms were kinda dingy though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the rooms are clean , lots of room and pretty cheap for what you get . it 's a timeshare hotel so rooms come with full kitchen which is nice late at night when craving a pizza . major downfall though the hotel is so confusing to get around , bring a map and a compass to get around !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've stayed at the jockey club a couple times when visiting vegas on my friend 's timeshare . if you 're not going to spend much time in your actual hotel room and now you 're probably going to be walking the strip or partying it up most of the time then jockey club is the perfect place to be . it 's conveniently located across the aladdin on the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just dated ... but all else is awesome ... my son loves the video rentals and pop corn , kids ... will keep returning for years to come..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . they lie to you and tell you that u win gifts or a trip and that u dont come out of pocket . i asked if it was a time share and they told me no . when i got there it was timeshare . and the gifts that they tey to give u that u dont come out of pocket u do pay for . they are liars and tricked us into what turned out to be nothing they talked about !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to check into the rm at 3pm after being told there were no early check ins at 1pm and to come at 2pm . although , my friend had the same room booked and was able to check in at 1:30 . i was told i would need to return at 5:30pm . yet , the women right behind me had the same room and was allowed to check in . also , was told there was no manager on site but then got to speak to the manager 30 mins later . bellman rolled his eyes when asked for assistance with the our bags only 3 suitcases- another employee apologized for him . i believe they were discriminating my booking due to my racial identity because the room was prepaid . i called to get a late check out and was told that several guests had done a late check out and hung up the phone . she could have just said , '' no '' . order towels to shower before we checked out and received them 5 mins before checkout . if i would leave 0 stars i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please be aware of the time share sell ! ! like those postings not recommended , the guy on the street promised the free stay was to be in the cosmo , but that was not true . he promised there would be only three questions and a visit to their rooms , casino , and a brief preso . definitely not true ... the preso lasted an hour , they do n't have a casino if their own , and the model room was a pit ! ! the carpeting from the elevator to the room was stained and worn . the pool was small and crammed between two large resorts . last of all the free gifts were misrepresented .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came back for the 2nd time for my honeymoon , wonderful staff as always , these people bust ass for u , elias the valet is awesome . love love , great view of bellagio and the strip , always my favorite secret spot on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im a timeshare holder for this place , its not that fancy of a place but the location is well worth it , at the center of the strip , across the bellagio fountains . the people are friendly and the rooms are clean and nice , to add it has a living room so its more beneficial than a hotel room since you can sneek to the living room without waking up your significant other while they sleep . grant it that you could get a room with a living room at a hotel but with a hefty sticker price , one im not willing to fork over for the price jockey club offers . since im a timeshare holder , i have a week per timeshare i own which equals to two per year . i would love to go on vacation but with the economy in a downturn , i cant . so if you want to rent out my week for $ 350 , email me at : growlie2233 @ yahoo.com ( no new year stay available as this is very hard to come by ) ; $ 713 at hoteldealsnow.com .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as noted in other reviews the jc is a tad outdated but clean , comfortable , and comparatively inexpensive as compared to its neighboring hotels on the strip . i had a nice suite with a large living room , full kitchen ( which i did not use ) and comp coffee ( which i did use ) . their hospitality center also had coffee and popcorn in the afternoon . my only issue was my wireless phone was basically useless on the 3rd floor ( at & t ) . not the hotel 's fault but be aware and book a higher floor . yea i would return here ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worse hotel ever ! ! ! they are unprofessional nor have a sense of customer service ! they made me check in three times ! ! ! please do n't go here ! go spend $ 50-70 for a better place to stay . i only booked this place for one night and they made me regret it ! ! go to a more well known hotel . i would give this place a negative star if they had it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wifi sucked , maid was always opening our door at weird times , pool is n't very big , and has usually very old or out of shape people attending , the gym was a complete joke , the only good thing about going here is that you can go to the bamboo pool at the cosmo . we went to a time share presentation and it was 4 hours , and incredibly unprofessional . the presenter said he was part of the illuminati , a part time drug dealer , he was a music producer for jay-z and a bunch of other famous musicians , obviously bsing us . the tv directions were all spainish , and someone even left us a note that says `` dont buy a timeshare here , its section 8 housing '' the reason it 's 2 stars instead of 1 is that we got one of the few rooms with a great view . i 'd really try to avoid staying here ... edit : the elevator between the jocky and cosmo just broke", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just signed up for a vacation club ! going to hawaii & ensanada soon bitches ! ! amazing deal & i 'm such a sucker for a free small fee vacation ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was a negative number i would have given that . do n't stay here period ... also watch out for their time share scam ... they have many places throughout the strip and downtown where they give gifts for what they say is one hour of your time ... not true .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "4 stars for a solid budget hotel experience . is it the wynn or bellagio ? no of course not but i am rating it compared to other budget hotels . also i must state we were paying guests of the hotel not time share freebie people and i am sure that is a different experience . this hotel was better than expected . my parents cousin and i stayed in a one bedroom suite for a 3 night weekend . we were in the derby tower . everything in the room was adequate . good tvs , good water pressure in the shower . toiletries were provided and house keeping did come everyday . the sleeper sofa was comfy enough for my cousin and i . over all a good stay . parking is confusing and the pool is lame . the elevator connection to the cosmo is very convenient . we were never stopped or approached once about a time share either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here for 5 nights in a 2 bed 2 bath suite . been looking to stay here for the past 6 years when traveling here for the football game . finally i booked it and was very glad i did . great location as its located in the middle of the strip . its parking elevator is connected to cosmopolitan so you could get some food gamble at cosmo . also they have good amenities with a heated pool , exercise room , hot tub , bbq area , sauna , and ping pong . for the price , i would definitely stay here again especially traveling with a larger group .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad for a friend 's time share . we shared a two-bedroom among 6 people . nice pool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yo fam like room was great it was a bit dirty but not much workers are kinda grumpy and wifi was bad . like really bad", "score": "4"}
{"review": "location location location ... .we stayed here for my 40th birthday weekend without kids ! ! this place has a `` secret '' elevator enterance to the cosmopolitan . our room was great , we had a perfect view of the bellagio fountain . we only paid 179.00 for the week and you ca n't beat that in january ! i would stay here again . it does n't really compare to the polo towers but i still liked it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all this place has is the best rotisserie chicken ever ! french montrealers will tell you st.hubert has the best chicken and less sophisticated english montrealers will tell you its cote-st-luc bbq - but do n't believe them , this is north americas best . part of the beauty is the simplicity of the menu , which is pretty much chicken , potato and slaw . the chicken has a delectable crunchy seasoned skin covering the juicey meat . the sauce gravy is so good i 've often thought about drinking it straight , so be sure to order extra gravy , you 'll want to lap it up with the roll towards the end of the meal followed by the wing for desert . this wing is so crispy you can eat the bones .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the yelpers are right and so is my uncle ... chalet is some awesome montreal chicken . the gravy is fantastic and so are the fries . i even ate coleslaw , and i do n't even like coleslaw ! 5 stars for a meal under $ 10 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely the best restaurant in montreal for rotisserie chicken ! the chicken is so tasty , juicy and tender , and their fries are amazing . while the decor is out-dated , you go to this place for the food , not the ambience . after trying their chicken , i 'm certain that you will never want to go to st-hubert 's ever again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can i give ten stars ? no ? only 5 ? outrageous . i would give them 100 if i could . i have been coming here for probably 30 years . nothing has changed , and i hope it never does . the best barbecue chicken in the city , do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . fries are incredible . the cole slaw is wicked . and that bbw sauce ! i 'm a fan of the regular sauce but you can also ask for `` wing '' sauce instead if you like that tangy stuff better . i ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "il s'agit d'une institution , n'ayons pas peur des mots ! m\u00eame d\u00e9cor depuis toujours , m\u00eame bon poulet et pratiquement les m\u00eames prix ! ! mes parents m'ont fait d\u00e9couvrir ce lieu culte ( qui n'a absolument rien \u00e0 voir avec st-hubert ) , j'en ai fait de m\u00eame avec mes enfants . \u00e7a vaut le d\u00e9tour c'est \u00e9vident ! je me demande m\u00eame si ce sont encore les m\u00eames serveuses d'antan qui y travaillent tellement le temps , dans ce resto , semble s'y \u00eatre arr\u00eat\u00e9 , il y a bien longtemps ! : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "classic bbq chicken joint open since 1944 . best part is they have n't touched their menu or decor since . great for family dinners , chicken soup when you 're sick , or even just a cup of coffee and a slice of pie . the vintage booths make it all the better . i recommend a quarter chicken meal with a hot bun and fries . you might need an extra gravy if you 're smart . there should be no frie left dry . another tip , ask for some chicken necks . they 're salty , delicious , and free . a little tip from my grandfather .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if authentic bbq chicken is what you crave then look no further ; a truly unique montreal experience that has been delighting diners since 1944 and has stood the test of time by focusing on customer satisfaction i have had chalet bbq delivered and it was delicious but it is well worth your while to make the pilgrimage to the original chalet themed rotisserie for the friendly service , charming decor , and even yummier eats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously some of the best chicken i 've ever had in my life.. cooked over maple hardwood , and you can seriously taste the smoke in the bird fries are amazing . fresh cut , multi fried in peanut oil chalet sauce is like swiss chalet sauce done right . it 's amazing for $ 26.95 we got a whole chicken , a giant family bag of fries , 2 chalet sauces and 4 buns . and i dunno if it was a mistake or what , but we had a third set of thigh and leg thrown in for free if you 're from ontario , like me , and used to nothing but portuguese chicken and swiss chalet then you got ta try this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best rotisserie chicken in montreal . french fries are to die for . coleslaw is amazing . leg , breast , wings - all so juicy and flavorful . do n't forget the hot chicken sandwich , either . a montreal landmark .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meilleur poulet a montr\u00e9al ! rien \u00e0 voir avec les autres restaurants de poulet ... le poulet est simplement d\u00e9licieux en s'en l\u00e9cher lit\u00e9rallement les doigts ! mon plat pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 le hot chicken viande blanche : ) il est certain que le menu n'est pas tr\u00e8s \u00e9labor\u00e9 mais vous trouverez les plats les plus populaires ( cuisse , poitrine , hot chicken ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i would n't give to be able to walk in here and order their chicken ... it 's been about 10 years since i 've had that opportunity ... i used to fly over here as a kid after picking up comics at captain quebec ... amazing chicken , amazing fries ... great dipping sauce ... while they have similar fare to some other bbq joints in montreal , i still find that there chicken was always superior . if they would freeze and ship to california , i would order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you never really appreciate how good chalet is until you come back and realize that the sauce is tasty and thick . the meat comes off the bone so easily . and the fries have n't been sitting there , they are fresh and hot and tasty . okay , maybe our particular server was lazy , but they work as a team and everyone else served us quickly and well . the decor probably has n't changed since they opened . and thankfully neither has the food . this is place to come back to , just to remember how good rotisserie chicken can be and how the chains are n't .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best rotisserie chicken in the city . the `` real '' ndg town hall . 70+ years of doing one thing , and doing it right . i have my birthday dinner there every year in the `` chicken champagne room '' as i call it . the food is consistently good , the chicken moist , the fries tasty . my favourite restaurant in the city . if you are from here , and you have n't been , there 's something wrong with you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great 60s atmosphere , good food at really cheap prices . if chicken is what you want then this is the place for you . i do n't remember any non chicken foods though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 star bbq chicken . deliciously wood-fired , slow-cooked , tender and moist chicken roasted to perfection with an outstanding flavor . unlike other large chain restaurants with mediocre quality , this place always offers the best . small simple menu sticking to what it knows best since 1944 . everything to the sauce fries and coleslaw is done right . one of my favorites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt like i was taken back in time . old school ! good food . fast service . fries are excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their chicken is juicy and their fries are good . not as good as romados but it 's an ok place . the soup and bread are plain . service is friendly and parking can be a bit of a challenge on the weekends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best chicken in north america , period . i have gotten the same thing since i was able to chew my own food - a half with fries and vinegar cole slaw , dump the gravy on the fries , pepsi without ice . peerless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fantastic neighborhood place with amazing chicken and potatoes , which is really all they serve because they do it so well . unassuming decor but the staff are lovely and the wine is good and cheap . loved it ! ola was lovely to meet and made us feel very welcome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chicken i 'm the city . been here many times and always happy with it . take out is n't as good as eating in and taking in the experience . the waitresses have all worked here for 40+ years and have a perfect amount of sass . if you 've never been you have to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bbq in town ( ndg ) area if you love old made bbq taste , you will love this chiken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another montreal institution . been in the same spot for almost 80 years - best rotisserie chicken , fries , gravy period ! just go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roast my soul at chalet bbq ... prior to visiting the south , i would have called this the best bbq chicken in montreal . now i know to call it the best rotisserie chicken in montreal , do n't believe those cote st-luc'ers . and the gravy at chalet may induce seizures from taste overload ... be forewarned , aye , here 's the rub , the coleslaw along with the chicken noodle soup , are f # cking ' fantastic . wakawwaka", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really ordinary . good price for lunch . old style decoration ... really fast service and parking available but not yummy at all for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has been around since i was born . it looks the same , smells the same and the food tastes like it has for over 60 years . i had to go back and relive my childhood , when my parents took me at least once a week . now i live in california , but when i come to montreal , it 's for smoked meat , chinese food and chalet bbq chicken . the formula must be the same , with fries , coleslaw , hot chicken sauce , and , of course , their famous boston cream pie . other wannabes like st. hubert , swiss chalet , etc. , do n't compare . it 's like going back in time and is one of the few montreal originals , sigh ... . , still left .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic chicken , fries , gravy and soup . st-hubert or swiss chalet do n't hold a candle to this place . service is brisk but friendly . my only gripe is that for $ 2 per small glass of fountain soda , a refill ought to be included . it would cost them literally pennies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was voted the best bbq.chicken resto . in montreal i wanted to see what the best was.if this is the best i wonder what the worst would be like it 's not even close . the chicken was dry hard to chew , fries tastless and stale , hard to tell what was in the sauce total disaster not worth it ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always a nice place to go to . the people are nice and the chicken moist and flavorful . but beware , that 's all that is on the menu . chicken ... i think i saw a little bit of salad on there but i might have hallucinated it . but that 's ok , when i go there , i got chicken on my mind and nothing can stop me from eating some : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they simply do barbeque chicken the way it should be done , and most people i know who have commented agree the price is more than fair . service is also incredibly fast in my experience , despite their often being large crowds . they are clearly honed in the trade of servicing a lot of people quickly and seamlessly . if all that does n't impress you , well that 's really all it is . in essence it is not that different from any bbq chicken joint . as a long time ndger it will always have a special place in my diet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for pure delight , i have to give this place 5 stars . you must try : very berry turkey sandwich , thai braised beef tacos , apricot bbq chicken skewers , and the red sangria ! i also highly recommend the sunday brunch drink specials ; the mimosas and bloody mary drinks are $ 3 . they fill one glass up and bring you the rest of your drink in a carafe . they 're strong and after just one you 'll be pretty happy : d other items worth noting : margarita sunrise , blueberry cosmo , drunk italian soda", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highlights : good food , low price , drinks are inexpensive . the switch burger is a must , if your searching for the best tasting burger ? it is not the easiest to find this place , the parking is in the back so be prepared to search for this place , but worth the effort .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend brought me here for a `` late bday '' dinner and it 's got the `` fez '' environment . we were seated and our waiter who was supper nice came and informed us of their appetizers of the day . we ended up getting the empanadas for our appetizer and my friend got the bleu burger and i got their mac and cheese . the empanadas were delicious . they tasted like they had meat in them but were vegetarian . so good ! and the balsamic dressing gave it a nice kick . my friend liked her burger but complained it was too messy and it fell apart easily . the mac and cheese was delish ! it was so cheesy and perfect ! i loved t !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , a lot of thought goes into menu . really good happy hour . i like the atmosphere as well . great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . the decor and atmosphere is cozy and hip . we had a couple of their house drinks . me : the blueberry cosmo , my hubby the dark and stormy . delish . we also shared a basket of wedges which i highly recommend . my hubby had the mac and cheese w classic ( yes classic ) bacon . he loved it , even the next day . he said his fave thing about it is that the cheese stayed creamy throughout the entire meal , it never got hard . i had the lobster and seafood crepes . um , yeah . so incredibly delicious . the desserts were great too . red velvet cake and fruit crepes . mmmmmmmm ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my happy place . when you 're having a bad day , switch is like the best friend who has a few vicodin left over from knee surgery . it 's an insta-chill sensation . so many guilty pleasures here . the mac 'n cheese with lobster is a favorite , as is the amsterdam pasta . the salads and huge list of sandwiches are likewise comforting on hot days . the galettes are n't usually special , but i 'll still order them when the mood strikes . the service is way above average , though sometimes the patio can feel like siberia . but because this is a place where you 'll want to relax all evening , that 's okay . always ask about their recession special . five dollars ( i think ) gets you a sandwich and salad . it can be hit-or miss , so i usually have a friend order something else and we split our plates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "switch , will you marry me ? as far as casual american cuisine this is the good stuff ! the sangria chicken salad was like a party in my mouth , and yes everyone was invited . the service was good as the wait staff was very attentive . i 'll be back within the week . this boy is in love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sure if we 'd be getting service or not . came in for dinner & drinks with a small group of ladies and i felt like we were bothering the host and servers for being there . it took a long time to get menus and once we ordered , it was an hour before we got our food . ( 3 burgers , 1 salad and 1 mac & cheese ) . after awhile the service from our server got a bit better . food was good . if you 're wanting to sit and wait a long for service & food and do n't mind being snubbed by the staff , this is the place for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "switch was recommended to me , so we went there for dinner on a very slow weekday night when there were no more than three other tables . two of our party received their food in relatively short order . my plate did n't show up until over 30 minutes later , at which point the rest of the table was finished eating and needed to leave . that situation would n't have happened if our waiter had been checking on us periodically , or even been visible so i could have stopped him to have him check . ( having had to leave the table prior to ordering just to locate him and put in our order should have been my clue that this was off to a bad start . ) i am very accommodating and understand when a restaurant is busy that this can happen , but i felt there was no excuse for the delay . i was very disappointed and have better places to spend my money and time . i 'd recommend looking elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1st time going . and it was nice . love the vibe . the waiter was super nice and friendly . i had the lamb lettuce wraps yummy . i definitely recommend it and this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last encounter with switch was not a very pleasant . i decided to go in for lunch but it did n't happen . our server forgot about our table for 10 minutes , so we left . i did take-out for a while , sticking to the sangria salad and lobster crab puffs . i finally decided to dine in again last night , taking two of my sisters with me to celebrate a birthday . we were seated quickly by a gentleman who ended up being our server . he read our table pretty well , letting us talk and checking up every once in a while . the food as always is amazing . my sisters were very satisfied with the eastport roll and the burchetta . i had the lobster & crab puffs , it 's hard to say no especially with the sauce that goes with it . our server , robert i believe , when mentioning dessert we asked if they had cheesecake . they had something better that i can not remember what it was . robert made our night enjoyable and will definitely be going back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i admit , i did n't intend to go to switch . i was rolling up on durant 's for a bite of saturday lunch when i remembered that durant 's does n't have saturday lunch . very sad . but switch was right there and oh so conveniently open . i was pleasantly surprised . it was n't what i expected at all . the drink i had was delicious , the food tasty and filling , the portions were large without being grotesque and the atmosphere was really warm and welcoming for having a modern look . best of all , i could actually sit across from my partner and have a conversation without having to shout over the low roar of the patrons . i 've gone back many times since and have not been disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all menu items we 've chosen have been amazing . this is my new favorite spot for burgers , they are the best ! each night of the week they have a specific food and drink special . service is always great . servers and bartenders are friendly . vibe is very chill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it is a little hidden right next to durant 's . their lobster and shrimp mac and cheese is amazing ! i also like their signature burger as well . service was great and the food came out super quick . my server was super attentive and made sure we enjoyed our meal . the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was good as well . they also have daily specials and daily deals . check out their website or just ask your server for more details . the place is very calming due to the fake candle lighting and the blue lights design of the interior . they also have outdoor seating with cushioned seats but i do n't recommend sitting outside at this time in arizona since you will never know when a haboob is going to hit you . the only bad thing is the very limited parking . valet is complimentary but tips are always welcome ( we 're in america now ) . overall , this place is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes the drink specials miss the mark ... best to order your go-to standby cocktail to accompany some tasty food . it 's not even necessary to wander from the appetizer menu to satisfy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another good lunch spot . cute , trendy , good music , good lunch food . my sandwich could have been a tad better ( the caprese ... it could have used a little kick somewhere ) but my other choices have been good . i really like the spartan pita , my side salads and fruit have always been fresh . perhaps i will try a salad from the menu next time . the service has always been good . i rather enjoy this spot for a quick lunch date with friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a great place - i stopped in for lunch on a monday and was pleasantly surprised by the food , service and ambiance . the outdoor patio is a tranquil space on a nice day . the selection of `` big salads '' on the menu is great for vegetarians . i ordered the chopped salad and was very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i go i either find a new drink or meal that makes me love this place even more . but if you just want to indulge in the most comforty food sandwich ever do n't look any farther than the southern dump truck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've loved everything i 've tried here . the kom tum meatballs are a must . the chef is great with food allergies . and my 7 year old daughter found a side of mac and cheese that is so good she asks to come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you know , this place was actually not bad , but one thing i will never stand is when the staff take themselves for granted and act like we have nothing better to do . they were respectful and all , but the wait was going to be sooo long , and as a result , we did n't order what we wanted . i know we were wusses , but hey i do n't want to wait if i do n't have to ... so group of 50 people had just walked in before us , so they put the whole kitchen on hold ... hmmmm , professional ? methinks not . anyhew , i think we will eventually go back there , but i am sure it will be tooo soon.. maybe you will have a better time . have fun and good luck", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service , great food , great price . lots of gays , just an fyi if ur a single straight male ... like me ! ! ! all good . place is not that busy , people watching can get boring . otherwise good safe place to go : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they deliver ! how cool ! got it delivered last night . the dump truck ( fried chicken sandwich ) dumped an enormous amount of deliciousness into my mouth . also , snacked on a crab and lobster puff which i could have lived inside of for weeks at a time . overall , good delivery experience . ca n't wait to dine in for the full sha-bang", "score": "4"}
{"review": "switch is a great restaurant . the problem is for some reason we never think of going there . i think it is because it is a bit out of the way from other restaurants in the area , though it is close to a few other good ones . but the food is consistently good and the service is outstanding . they serve a mean cocktail too . ask your server to recommend something for you . they will be happy to help you with the large variety of choices . i really love their brunch too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to get together with friends for an evening meal or lunch . i 've been here several times and love the atmosphere . upbeat but chill at the same time . service is always great and the food always taste amazing . the lobster and shrimp mac and cheese is definitely worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff . asked for rare burger came out medium well was hard and dry . bun was a bit stale which did not help . side caesar was ok slightly bland . onion rings greasy needed a different dipping sauce rather than catsup . waiter did offer to have burger replaced but never been a fan of sending food back to the kitchen . based upon the menu descriptions and prices expected better . just very average . good ice cream for desert , but at $ 3.95 a scoop it better be ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good brunch food in a fun atmosphere . everything that we ordered was good and the mimosas were made pretty well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went on my lunch break , around 11:45 , the place is less than half full and there is a 20 minutes wait . first you hear a 10 minute wait . then they tell the person right behind you it will be a 20 minutes wait . when you ask the hostesss what is the real wait time is he gets really rude . this is the second time i gone on my lunch break and they are less than half full and already have a wait . it does n't seem like they can handle the downtown lunch crowd . so if you are going on your lunch break do n't waste your time . the food is good but only if you have a two hour lunch break .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing is all i can say ! ! ! i took the whole family here for a celebration and not one of us complained let alone spoke to each other while we were eating because the food is so good ! it was really busy with the larger party seated near us but our server was friendly and checked on us frequently . i never saw her replace my drink but my cup was always full . i ca n't wait to go back and try more of the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had brunch and dinner here and it 's been amazing each time ! the staff is friendly , attentive and knowledgeable about the menu . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had our wedding dinner at switch last night . we reserved the entire patio for the 25 person dinner , it was perfect and beautiful . the chef , jason was incredibly accommodating , the service was great , food delicious as ever and our experience was fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews so we were excited to check it out . in just my opinion it was ok . restaurant was cool and staff was great . we had the chief weekend special and the huevos ranchero ( ordered the chilaquiles but they were out ) along with two of the screwdrivers . food was alright but the screwdrivers tasted like you were just drinking sunny d. you ca n't beat the $ 3 price but ask the server to make them a little stronger and they come out just right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very trendy atmosphere , good food , reasonable prices , great bartender and drinks . went here with co-workers when we were on town for business . it was recommended by our hotel ... we really enjoyed it . the sandwiches , salads , and soups were really good . the drinks and desserts were fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and everything is amazing . thai beef tacos are delicious as well as the 50 50 fry bowl . awesome food , nice environment , and great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is my go-to whenever i 'm downtown . the service and food are always excellent and they take reservations . weekend brunch is a must-mimosa carafe anyone ? the diversity of the menu is impressive and the price is very good considering the quality of the food and portion size . love that many of their appetizers are available in a smaller portion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the switch is literally a hidden gem in the heart of downtown . .. you will drive right past it if you 've never been there ... however you will never forget where to drive after you order ! ! i ordered a slew of dishes spending a small fortune , well spent . started with the fried brie appetizer which i would totally eat again w o the taste and just the brie with the fruit embellishments . .yummy gooey goodness . i came after a google search for truffle mac.. which i ordered for my teen.. but after arriving to an amazing $ 4 happy hour ... i ordered the farm risotto which was biblical good . ev-er-bite was followed with a god this is good '' i kept eating well past my tummy physical capacity . all i can say is it 'll be very hard to switch to anything other than the farm risotto . tips top hat", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , amazing food . the drink menu alone is worth the visit ! we enjoyed the crispy risotto croquettes ... .delicious ! ! we split the amsterdam pasta and cleaned the plate . i read that this place has one of the best mac-n-cheese recipes in two , so we expect to return . if you are looking for a nice place to go near the downtown phoenix area , i highly recommend a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place very much . i 've been three times now , and keep ordering the meatloaf ( its really tasty ! ) , though the last time we went with a large party and others mixed it up by trying many things off their expansive menu , and everyone enjoyed the food very much . the atmosphere is casual , mellow , lounge-ish . the service staff is friendly and casual , like the place . i definitely plan on going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the grapefruit paloma which was really good ( ordered a second ) . me and my boyfriend ordered the thai tacos , chicken ( from the small plates or apps menu ) and a side of sweet potato fries . it was actually a little more than we could eat but everything was so good ! the chicken was our favorite - spicy and sweet and delicious . we will defiantly be going back to try some more cocktails and split a couple different apps !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i had lunch here last week for the 1st time and it was wonderful . first of all we went around noon so it was quite busy . it was a very professional looking crowd . the enviroment and feel in this place was so modern but relaxed . once we were seated we met our waiter angel , who was fabulous ! he provided us with wonderful service and even dessert advice . the food was fresh , quick and delicious ! ! ! ! ! i would recommend this place to anyone and i know i will be going back very soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always have had great service . wait staff is knowledgeable on menu drinks so good recommendations . i always get the lamb lettuce wraps and am never disappointed . great place for family , friends or dinner date . cheese platter is lovely too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food ! i ordered the catfish entree and it was just right ! place was clean and quiet with good music at lunch time on a tuesday . will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in town . lately i have gone twice a week because it 's very good and they are open late . food is always good . burgers , salads , sandwiches . all fantastic and a wide variety . bruschetta or the croquettes of the day are both a must ! sean has been my server three times in two weeks and after tonight i will ask for him when he 's there . he is very attentive and works hard . sean is probably the best server i have had in years . switch is a must try ! do n't forget to ask for sean and tip him well . he works hard !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to dine before going to a show downtown . service was excellent with kathleen . food was terrific and the martinis to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only been here once for lunch but very impressed . walking into the courtyard there is lots of comfy seating and pillows . inside , there are more loveseats and pillows , navy decor and dark tables , adding an instant air of intimacy , warmth , and relaxation to the place . i was having a business lunch on a friday afternoon . it was n't super-busy , and we were seated at a nice table near the street indoors . i was impressed with the good variety in the menu , from salads to burgers , pasta , seafood and more . i came across a different kind of listing : crepes , and decided to try their seafood one . two crepes came with lobster , scallops , some chopped tomatoes , white sauce , and i believe chives , along with green beans on the side . it was very tasty , the crepes were great , and the fish tasted good . coming from the northeast , i know good fish ! service was fast , friendly , and efficient . i definitely will go back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is all right . i 've been here only once -- i had the veggie farmhouse whatever sandwich & a caipirinha . the caipirinhas are 2 for 1 on mondays , which is awesome but they do n't make them as good as carly 's . the sandwich was delicious , but it 's rather expensive for what you get . the interior is pretty . the service was lame . the music playing was lame . i probably would n't go back unless i knew someone else was paying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not so much . my salad had 14 1 4 inch pieces of tomatoes and 5 pieces of radishes . i was very disappointed in the poblano salad . a salad that you would buy at the airport would have been a lot better . we live in the area and love walking to the restaurant , but the quality has gone downhill . hopefully , they will turn this place around . the prices and food quality are not what it used to be . one final thing ... ..we used to love this place . we are not sure what happened .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped in to give them a heads up that me and some friends would be stopping by the next day on a bike ride ( 2pm on a saturday ) , to which the manager flat out said we were not welcome . huge blow and they missed out . i 'd say better luck next time , but you not only lost me as a customer , but you lost all of our business that day and for the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nicky 's gets four stars for their food . as far as appearance goes , this place is a hole in the wall ( literally in between a dry cleaner and a weave store in the strip mall with bars over the windows ) that has n't been updated in ages and is a little on the dimly-lit side , but i look right past that . owned by an old greek couple , this place really falls into the mom & pop category- you can get a salad , burgers , gyro , blt , seafood , bologna sandwich , even pork chops and country fried steak . they also have breakfast- pancakes , omelettes , country ham , corned beef hash , etc until 11:00 ( i think ) . the food is great , and the prices are even better- lunch is usually under $ 5 . i recommend the pita burger , cheeseburger ( juicy fried patties with a soft bun that sops up the perfect amount of grease ) , or nicky 's salad ( which is huge for $ 5.75 ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the interior is very bare bones and simple . do n't let it deter you from coming in and enjoying the food ! our server was friendly and the prices are beyond reasonable ! their bog breakfast special comes with eggs , bacon , sausage , ham , livermush , and your choice of hashbrowns or homefries and toast or a biscuit for $ 5.95 ! portions were great and the food was very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the breakfast here is outstanding ! not to be mistaken by the appearance : food is at priced great and my breakfast sandwich had a heap of bacon . looking forward to trying lunch here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a burger and fries with a soft drink . food and service was good , and the prices were cheap . no refills on drinks , and despite the window signs , no fried chicken . a mom-and-pop operation , but one that i will occasionally visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no , they got rid of the gyro but just as good is the marinated chicken on their soft , pita bread .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only giving 3 stars for the food it 's decent but absolutely terrible customer service . they claim to open at 7am and we came at 9am and they were n't open it 's not the first time they do this and all they did was stare at us and then pretend that we were n't there never bothered to come up and tell us that they were n't gon na open we waited for 20 minutes very disrespectful so i decided to call and they just looked at the phone . there has been various times we go in and the waitress does n't pay attention to us . the food is cheap and great but they take forever to make your order", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for cheap eats ! the place is very lackluster , nothing special other than a few regular tables and chairs . the customer service is average , but the food is good , and the prices are great ! i 've only ever had breakfast here , but it 's good enough to come back for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for many people , this place is probably closer and a few dollars cheaper than either the mississauga or oakville laser quests . i went here with my little brother , and take my word for it , though : it 's worth going the extra distane for lq . while laser quests lets kids ( and adults ) choose their own nicknames and life out their videogame fantasies in a huge two-story arena , ult 's arena is three times smaller , and their laser guns are so `` child-friendly '' that they wo n't even work unless the player holds it with both hands ! add to that the fact that , in the first game , both my brother and i were given defective vests , and that there 's a $ 5 fee to use their indoor playground , and it becomes clear why i prefer lq over this place any day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "laser tag is a fun thing to do and this is one of the bed places i played 3 games it was too fun i wanted to play more but i could n't the service was excellent there are many game modes to play but the shooting way is hard you have to hold the gun in a certain way so it can shoot and it has a kids place arcade and more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it smells divine and they make their own wine . what more do you need ? carlo 's garage winery is located in the basement of the cafe and oh baby is this a hidden gem ! the grapes are from cali and the wine is from the basement ; it reminds me of stories that my grandmother would tell me about her italian relatives who make wine i am a fan of their americanos and cappuccinos and their biscotti and oh my everything . the people are so friendly , even on a busy monday-before-christmas lunch rush . i ca n't wait to go back for an actual meal in the cafe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so many biscottis ! almond , almond anise , apricot , apricot hazelnut , banana walnut , black forest , black pepper walnut , cherry , chocolate , chocolate orange almond , chocolate vanilla swirl , cinnamon , coconut chocolate chip , cornmeal , cranberry pistachio , fig pecan , ginger , hazelnut , lemon , macadamia nut , orange almond nutmeg ... so many biscottis . the best way to sample them is to get yourself an assorted bag of mini biscottis , which will set you back about $ 6 -- not bad considering the wealth of flavors that are packed in there . on another note , we also picked up a coconut macaroon ( $ 1.50 ) , which was not as good as the yelp & foursquare tips would lead you to believe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite spot for sandwiches , soups or salad . the beans and greens are amazing , as are the salads and breads . the ambiance is relaxed and casual , and the food is always excellent . enrico 's is great for conversation or for resting your feet while shopping at the strip . they have a first friday dinner which is byob with no corkage fee . on saturday 's you can buy a bottle of carlo 's garage winery , they make the wine downstairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun and affordable with great atmosphere . hidden off the main strip of penn ave next door to enrico 's famous biscotti co bakery is this tiny , casual , industrial-revival restaurant . the owner will acknowledge you immediately as you enter and will make you feel like a welcome guest in his home . our group of 4 had to wait 15 minutes , so the owner ( enrico , perhaps ? ) gave us a free bottle of table wine , which was light , dry and good . the menu is short , but rest assured that everything is good . each person in our party of 4 got a different dish and shared it . there was n't a dish i would n't order again . i got the stew which , surprisingly is not broth-based but includes fried potatoes with onions , sausage and spices . it 's dern hearty . the lasagna was very cheesy and indulgently good . the pasta fagioli comes in a large portion . all dishes came with a side salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so small you might miss it walking around the strip , but the biscotti aroma literally wafts out into the street and pulls you in . i did an immediate about-face after strolling past the door the first time . there are about a jillion varieties of biscotti filling the glass displays and jars all around enrico 's . hazelnut , chocolate vanilla , orange nutmeg almond , lemon ... you name it , they 've probably made it . the one flavor i really wanted though , was the peanut butter bacon biscotti . alas ... it 's a dog biscotti . womp womp . why is this deliciousness restricted to canines only ! ? make a human version ; i 'll beg and play dead and shake your hand , whatever it takes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there for lunch . it is a small interesting place . seating is limited and the food selection as well . however the quality of the food seems to be good with good quality ingredients . me and my company where all satisfied with the food we got . the service was though very slow and for sure not competent : ) however in general i think i would try the place again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a nice , old school bakery and cafe in the heart of the strip district . although it 's not among my absolute favorite bakeries in town , they 've got some nice selections to choose from . living nearby , i make a habit of dropping by enrico 's every once in while . the bread is hearty : rustic , massive loaves that could feed a family of eight or more . biscotti are tasty . plenty of other pastries available too , although they tend to be on the sweet dessert-y side . super , super friendly staff . have n't tried the cafe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends and i came here for lunch and we 're so pleased . their malbec wine is absolutely delicious . at $ 40 a bottle it 's worth every drop . be sure to bring some home with you . we had the opportunity to chat with enrico . he was so hospitable and generous . he let us finish off our bottle of wine without charging and gave us free biscotti and coffee with out mean . i had the italian wedding soup that he had just made that morning , it was a little salty but very tasty . his homemade bread is to die for ! for $ 80 you can take a bread making class . as a main dish i had the gig pizza . it came with quite a-lot of fig jam that enrico also made . i took some off and ate it with my bread . as an out of towner this is a must eat ! enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have dined at enrico 's a few times and order the margherita pizza each time i go ! the place itself is really adorable . it 's like something you would see in europe ; it 's pretty tiny inside . i really love the outdoor seating area ! the pizza is wood fired and i 'm a girl who loves the wood fired pizza life ! they are not stingy on the basil or mozzarella , overall it tastes delish : ) now onto the dessert . i have tried their macaroons and biscotti . the macaroons are pretty good and big in size . there are three different ones , almond , coconut and chocolate dipped coconut . i would have to say the coconut one is my favorite ! the biscotti on the other hand fell short for me . i know some biscotti can be pretty solid and others are easier to bite into . these ones are pretty solid , and for me personally i ca n't get onboard with chipping a tooth . i have had biscotti from other places that i would definitely choose over enrico 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "... ... yeea so my biscotti barely made it out the door one bite and i could . not . stop . then i ate my fiance 's biscotti ; ) also , they make doggie biscotti and gluten free biscotti aadorbsssssss", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so ... it was our last day in pittsburgh , so we decide to head to the strip for breakfast . the place we were going to had a line out the door , but we saw a sign for breakfast across the street . we 'd had enrico 's biscotti before , so we figured what the heck . when we asked what 's for breakfast , the hostess server handed us a hand-written menu on the back of a lunch paper bag . we asked enrico if he makes whatever he feels like for breakfast ? he answered with a smile , `` my house , i can do what i want . '' hubby had french toast and i had the breakfast carbonara , which is pasta loaded with bacon , egg , and cheese . another customer asked the server how many slices of french toast , and enrico answered , `` how many you want ? how 's that for an answer ? '' the homestyle , tasty food and down-home feel will definitely bring us back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "find your best cup of coffee and eat these biscotti with it . as everyone knows , i love places that specialize in one thing . therefore i love the enrico biscotti co . the black pepper one was especially interesting spicy . yeah !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these folks are awesome ! not just great biscotti , it 's all fantastic . everyone us incredibly nice , a real local pittsburgh business doing it all the right way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 3.50 for 2 simple almond biscotti ! ! ! crazy . they were not even that good . my companion threw his away after one bite ! no flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place just gets better and better each time . new specials and such friendly staff . definitely one of my favs in pitt . every time i visit my daughter this will be a must do lunch for us . then of course stop by next door for the biscotti to take home back to jersey . see you in the fall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the bakery is in the front . but walk down the aisle on the side of the bakery and you will discover a restaurant . a trattoria . sit down . relax . order a pizza . a dish of pasta . or a cup of coffee to dip your biscotti in . everything mixes and matches in the back . ask for larry- the owner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can the biscotti store have incredibly wonderful friendly employees and their cafe be the complete opposite . stood in the entrance for 5minutes while the employees just looked at us . upon asking for a table for three they all shrugged and walked away . finally someone cleared a table and we just helped ourselves . if there was a towel handily i would have wiped the table off . the service was so horrible i ca n't find the words . the food was ok but we will not be going back . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` how long will these keep ? '' `` i suppose a few weeks since all the moisture is gone , but we 've never had any last that long . '' sold . these biscotti are outstanding . lemon and cinnamon are our house favorites . entering my humble abode with my bi-weekly , two bag order from enrico 's biscotti , you would think i was returning from a multi-year military campaign , ushered in with a hero 's welcome , celebrated as though i conquered isis , north korea , and nickleback all in one battle . but seriously , this biscotti is the real deal . saddle up with some strong coffee ( or splurge on some whole milk if you 're my kid ) , and enjoy . oh yeah , the coconut macaroons are the jam , too . those do n't make it home . mama has got to do mama sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here with my family after my college graduation . larry was amazing ... we all just loved him , he was hilarious . he even brought me over some free cookies from the other side of the restaurant , where the bakery is . we had a large group , but they accommodated our needs . it was really busy on a saturday . they do n't usually take reservations , but they hooked us up when i called earlier that morning . food was very authentic italian ( i 've been to italy twice ) . there were a few errors with our food , but they corrected it right away and gave us a free pizza for being so patient", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the little , hidden away cafe . great food and wine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is 4 star.smoky.hearty toppings but disappointed with the rest-lasagna was below average . brought the table next to ours breadsticks but not to us ? ? ? not sure why.it was not on the menu so it was definitely not ordered . drop by for a pizza if u like but otherwise nothing special.honestly there are much better options downtown which is 5 mins drive from here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i only got biscotti from the biscotti side . flavors were good , consistency was meh . i do n't know what it is about my experience with pit , but i thought the italian food was supposed to be better than what i 've been getting . for some reason , it was just overly crumbly . it fell apart , like dust . perhaps it was the humidity ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "perfect accompaniment to a morning or after dinner cup of joe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "im a biscotti fan and enrico 's is legit . great biscotti and friendly staff . almond anise was off the hook . get some .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great texture . significantly overpriced for being essentially shortbread cookies . very subtle flavors . really did n't even taste any licorice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had lunch here yesterday on saturday . it 's a very cozy place , small and warm . they were full so my family and i waited a bit . while we waited we ordered a bottle of chianti and the owner himself made us a pizza while we waited , on the house , to make the wait easier . a wait that was very worth it . the food is delicious- amazing salads and pizza and pasta ( al dente ) . delicious bread . it was my mom 's birthday and they treated her so nicely by giving her a few desserts on the house . she lived in tuscany for 9 years as did i and we all agreed the food and ambiance are legitimate . the owner is very friendly . overall a 5 star experience ! ! ! ca n't say enough good things about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing biscotti bakery in the strip district . the front is a bakery , but if you walk back down the side alley to the left of the building they have a super casual caf\u00e9 . they make everything fresh , including the dough for the pizzas , etc . they have fantastic simple flatbread-style pizzas and sandwiches , salads , and pasta dishes , all excellent , and a lot of vegetarian options . this place has interesting strip district character and you must go there ! i think they 're closed on sundays . after you have lunch there , go down a few doors and go to the pennsylvania macaroni company for all your imported italian food needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hidden and you have to walk through this beautiful ally food is great and the restaurant is beautiful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy amazing cookies ! i was very happy that i went on a thursday morning when it was raining . i got the place to myself . the smell in this place is unbelievable . there are so many kinds of biscotti to try . i got a box and filled it with 8 different kinds . the best ones were the while chocolate macadamia and expresso , chocolate , date almond . oh yeah ! i also tried a chocolate covered macaroon at the suggestion of the employee there . i wish i ordered a box of them . ( but my waistline is glad i didnt ) the employee was super friendly and the biscotti are really reasonably priced . apparently they will ship biscotti anywhere . good to know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ambiance , outdoor seating , delicious pizza , simple menu , accommodating staff , fun wine tasting and an overall great find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really enjoy the margherita pizza and the big fat salad as a side . the service is excellent and if you 're lucky enough to actually meet enrico , try to . he 's friendly , on top of things and great with kids . he even went and got our little man a chocolate cookie from his bakery . the bakery itself is awesome . cookies , pies , cakes , bread , biscottis and more . we got a strawberry two layer cake to share and it was a hit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "biscotti and more biscotti . what else could you ask for from a place that calls itself the biscotti company ? there are so many flavors available . you can order them by the piece from the dessert cases in front , or buy the pre-packaged bags from the back for quicker service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the best coconut macaroons on the planet ! eating just one is like eating a meal . come early when they are fresh out of the oven and still warm . the gorgonzola cheese and mushroom pizza is also to die for . i ca n't wait to take the sunday morning baking class here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . owner always greets with warm welcome . outstanding service . delicious food . fantastic servers . my favorite pittsburgh restaurant and experience in the strip district .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast at enrico 's . we 've had lunch before but this was our first breakfast . they do a great brunch on saturdays from 7am to 11am . the food was magical . this is clearly the best kept breakfast secret in the strip . no wait here as we walk by pamela 's and deluca 's with lines running down the street . the menu was great and both catherine and i had trouble deciding what to order . catherine had the egg strata and i had a rustic egg and aged meat pastry with and beautiful flaky crust . we both had slices of their thick cut bacon . laprima coffee was excellent . ambiance was perfect - old strip location made me feel like nothing has changed since the 40s . feel of authentic italian cafe ( not that i 've ever been to italy ! ) . we will be making this our regular breakfast stop in the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this place 10 stars if i could . everything is great . service is friendly and prices are a bargain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cafe here is a delight . we had a very nice lunch in the outdoor area . we had our dog along and they welcomed him with a bowl of water . we were given tastings of several wines to help us decide what we wanted by the glass . the food was fresh and tasty . service was friendly and welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came across master lock & security on yelp today when my front door lock broke when i tried to unlock it . i called to get help and carmon the owner answered . i told him what happened and he said that he would be at my condo in 25 minutes . low and behold he got here in 25 minutes ... i was impressed ! i was so relieved when he fixed my front door locks ... he did an amazing job , fast and efficient ! he also gave me a great deal ! i am so happy i called him ! ! ! thank you carmon ! ! ! i highly recommend him ! ! ! 5 stars all the way ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a relative of mine recommended carmon for a lock replacement i needed . carmon responded quickly and was able to fix my problem in an easy and painless way.. definitely recommend the service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . i moved into my new apt but the last tenants took off with the mailbox key . i called these guys to have a new one made and they were here within a half hour . service was great , very friendly and they 're family owned . cant recommend enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we made an appointment to have locks changed due to an eviction 1 day in advance of the meeting time with the constable in henderson . the appointment time the next day was for 830am , and with no call or show by 8:50 , we decided to check in with master lock . with apparent confusion-they said they would contact the technician . the technician called to say it would be a bit-obviously a communication issue somewhere . when we told the technician that the time was very important-the constable wo n't wait-we got rude commentary and no service . called another provider to get the whole unit re-keyed and new locks . ca n't imagine what all the yelp hype is about as we got nothing but a bad taste in our mouth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "showed up within less than 30 minutes ! fast ! got the job done ! highly recommend them . the other jokers i tried to call would n't come out for hours or asked me to schedule an appointment the next week . great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! ! locked my keys in my car . cameron made it to my location fast in less then 20mins on a friday afternoon popped my locks in 3mins and sent me on my way . also if you mention you found them on yelp you get a discount ! ! ! great price for speedy service . also i liked that he was upbeat and very pleasant with his customer service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called and spoke with carmon earlier today about re-locking all the locks in my house . i figured it would be a couple days before he could come out . to my surprise , he was at my house 3 hours later . he did a great job . very friendly , fast , knowledgable and neat . i would definitely use him again and highly recommend his service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! friendly , quick , professional , and got the job done like a pro ! i highly recommend using this service for your lock needs , and the current 5 stars on yelp are well deserved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just used this locksmith service to replace all of the locks on my new house . today is a sunday and they came out within about an hour of me calling , and they completed all of the work within about an hour once they arrived . professional service , and great quality work ! i would highly recommend anyone in the anthem henderson area use this locksmith !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just called to ask how late they were open until because i need to make new house keys for my kids . the guy who answered was extremely rude , practically shouted at me and asked me what i needed then told me abruptly that they do n't do copies and to go to home depot . yuck . get some better customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "carmon was very professional and helpful while suggesting a master lock for my door . i was very happy with his work and would recommend him to anybody that needs professionals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called in the morning to have our locks changed out and they came that afternoon . great service and timely too ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't expect an accurate quote from this company ! quoted me $ 120 on yelp , then told my wife it was $ 179 + a $ 45 service-fee after completion . then , extorted a positive review from her to receive a 10 % discount ! stay away - highly shady business practices !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are great . prices are legit . service was quick . and they are fully licensed bonded and all that . i would recommend these guys to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used this company a couple months ago . this company is a scam and a disappointment . when i made the appointment , i was quoted a certain price for everything i was having done . when the guy came to change my locks he claimed that was only if i gave them a perfect review on google . then , he offered to change an additional lock for me , with no mention of any additional fees . when he handed me the receipt it was $ 100 higher than it should 've been . luckily i had 4 people with me to witness the dishonesty . the technical also backed his truck into my neighbor 's driveway wall which i could n't believe ! he was more concerned about his truck than the damage he did . unfortunately for this company , they hired someone who is not a good representation and i will never trust them for my business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best service fast and reasonable , locked out and raining-arrived half an hour-professional and courteous .they let me into my house in no time.i would recommend this company to anyone.thank you very much master lock and security", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ben , arrived on time as promised ! he was quick and knowledgeable and the price was fair . we will use him in the future if needed ... .hope not anytime soon ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly service ! was available to arrive within 2 hours of my initial call . he was on-time for the scheduled appointment and the whole process was a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company excels at what they do . prompt service reasonable price excellent workmanship flexible and easy to work with i more than highly recommend this company for any for your lock and security needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in a jam i just moved in to a new house and needed my locks rekeyed and the guys came out and actually came on time and they did a fast and great job and the cost was very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "master lock & security is excellent well priced and reliable . i would use them again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved in to my new home and need to change the locks . the technician show up at my door on time and he was telling me he could n't get a hold of me on the phone he said i come anyway maybe something wrong . he is very helpful . i definitely come back to this shop if i needed keys locks service . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . they came right away and where fast at openings lock and replacing it with a new one . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to have a new remote made for my car on a saturday , and they helped me quickly , efficiently and very pleasantly . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used master lock & security twice this year for two differnt doors . these folks are the real deal , and will not jerk you around or try to gouge you . they are on time , professional , do a great job and clean up after themselves . nice , clean , safe , professional why bother calling anyone else ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! thank you guys for saving me at midnight after locking myself outside my apartment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got back in town from california to find out i 've lost my keys . i was very worried and exhausted because it was so late at night . i called master lock smith to help me out . the technician was very nice over the phone . when he arrived he was professional and works with your budget . i must say unfortunately this is not my first time locking myself out & carmon was the nicest technician i 've had . & he arrived with his company logo on his truck . that 's a little extra sense of security for me since it was late .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a locksmith , came across master lock and security . the came fast and help me with my lock problem . the technician was very professional and friendly . i 'm very happy with the service and recommend them to everyone looking for a reliable locksmith .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very quick and friendly service ! saved me so much hustle on dealing with the hoa and the post office when the mailbox needed a new key ! highly recommended ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "master lock was amazing . answered right when i called and was at my house in less than 30 minutes . they are also reasonable compared to their competition . friendly and efficient service . i would highly recommend using them for all your locksmith needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called the company and ben came within the hour , because my keys were lost after a vacation . was very efficient and door was opened in minutes . would definitely use this company again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "someone tried to break-in to my lock with a screwdriver . thankfully they were unsuccessful but now my keys would n't work and needed my lock replaced asap . master lock & security were to my house at the exact time i requested . the provided an updated more secure lock and gave me multiple keys with no extra cost . i found them on yelp and the positive feedback was all true ! i feel much more safe in my home . thank you master lock & security !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i previously called another local company , but they had bad reviews . after reviewing master lock & security reviews , i decided to cancel the other company and go with this one ! ! they were honest , came within an hour and a half after calling and made my house secure ! ! ! ! i 'm very happy with their service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having a lot of issues today and their fast service really helped me feel less stressed out . if you have any issues with your locks or if you locked your keys in your car , these guys are the ones to call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cameron came to my home with short notice to re-key the doors of my new home . he gave me a very fair price to complete the work that included 4 new keys and hardware . will recommend to anyone needing service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guy came out unlocked a door for me then put in another lock i had . price was ok paid $ 100 cash for everything but provided my own lock", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rekeyed 5 locks and replaced one lcok for me after my tenants moved out . did a great job and gave an estimate before he started . he found one of the locks was old and he replaced this with a new one and charged me very little extra . great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to get a house re locked last minute for my client as i 'm a realtor . the technician came very fast and changed all the l cod for a reasonable price . i was very happy with the service and the technicians attitude . he was very pleasant and knowledgeable . i 'm glad i found this company so i can refer all my clients to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came so fast ! they were so nice . help us so much . i 'm so glad we went to them . so friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick response and unlocking of my car , after waiting over an hour for 24 7 , who sent out a tech that i could n't even get on base . awesome service , friendly , professional tech , and great work ! thank you very much , master lock and security !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called master lock & secuity because we bought a home and needed to re-key the front door . we also wanted a locking door from the garage to the home for added security . when i called , the owner answered and was able to give me an appointment for the next day , which i requested . he called and gave me a 15 min courtesy call saying he was on his way ( he had given a time range from 12-1 , which i thought was very reasonable for next day service ) . he worked with us on the color of the lock for the garage door and changed out the handle quickly . he switched out the front door locks quickly and gave us 4 keys , included in the price . we would call again without hesitation for further locksmith needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "weekend in vegas can be adventurous as you know our driver got locked out and keys somewhere in one of many las vegas bars we were serviced within the hr and luckily all is like new and we are back on the road again it could have been much worse since it was already late at night good job guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much for helping us . we will definitely use your services again and recommend your business . fast response and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called the service because there were so many reviews . i was not disappointed . they were timely friendly and completed the work without delay . i thought the price for replacing a mailbox key including drilling out the old one was reasonable at $ 138 . not amazing but competitive . the service was great . i would use them again . i like small family businesses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! i needed to get locks changed on a house quickly and was not disappointed ! ! very professional and great price . i will use them again for all my lock smith needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheryl is great with customer service , thank you . a satisfied customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and reliable service on christmas day . they did n't charge extra for holiday . competitive price and quality . they did really a great job and i highly recommend their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i moved into our new home and needed our locks re-keyed . we had a total of 6 locks changed for a really great price and it took him about an hour to do all locks . they were really responsive and were able to change my locks with short notice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was able to get a next day appointment which was great ! the locksmith called about thirty minutes before he arrived . he went over pricing and had the new lock installed in less than 15 minutes . amazing ! ! ! i will definitely use this company again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carmon came and replaced my postal box lock with a new lock and three keys in just a few minutes -- my key was lost in the mail by usps . the replacement was the same kind of lock used by postal office -- it is tamper-proof . i was quoted over phone for $ 79 but was informed by carmon that i needed to pay an extra $ 29 as service charge -- a surprise by not too unreasonable . i negotiated to pay $ 100 instead . i was very satisfied with the job even its is $ 55 more than to get a new key from local postal office ( $ 45 and one week of wait ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and on time . great pricing . quality service . what else can you ask for ? even gave me extra keys . no need to shop around with these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ben was able to get to me and my car very quickly and let me into my car with no problems . i had called him when another company had been dishonest about their eta and i am so happy he was able to get here even faster than what was quoted . very reasonable prices as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed our front door locks to match our garage keys to make it easier on us and they came out the same day and fixed it within 15 minutes . the price at the end was what was quoted to me on the phone . fast and friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service ! they gave me an estimated wait time of 20 minutes and arrived right on time . carmon worked his magic got me back in my house fairly quickly . no complaints or regrets with master lock & security . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a new combination lock . needed fast prompt service and master lock was reliable , fast and arrived on time with prompt service . the technician was friendly and professional . very knowledgeable , his professionalism and courtesy earned my business and i will recommend them to anyone . thank you for your reliable dependable service and being there for me when i needed you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an incredible experience with our locksmith . we called for an initial quote and someone was at our home in less than an hour . he was courteous , professional , and polite . he helped us with all of our doors , gates , and made us an extra car key . he even made copies of other keys we needed and fixed our garage door opener . we 've had locksmiths come out to our home before , but no one has ever been this detailed or attentive . he made sure we understood which key went to which lock and that if we had any questions , we could call him directly on his cell . this company is both efficient and trustworthy . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "responded quickly to our request for a quote . customer service is top priority with this company as well as quality workmanship . raymond called when he said he would , worked with our schedule ( new home purchase and key exchange did n't have an exact time ) and was quick and professional with our lock replacements . will definitely be recommending this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to get my locks re-keyed . they came the same afternoon . very fast service , friendly and no hassle . others charge similar but quick service is the best . i will use them for future service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great service , answered and set up an appointment the next morning . very efficient and kind . would definitely use again . recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! ! ! fast & efficient ! i locked my keys in my car and was in a rush to meet a deadline . i called master lock & security after calling another local locksmith who said they could n't get there in 20 minutes . master lock & security said they could be there in 10 . they arrived in less then 5 minutes after i hung up the phone and had the car unlocked and payment processed in less than 5 minutes . the whole process took less than 10 minutes and i was able to meet my deadline . i very highly recommend master lock & security . especially if you 're under a time crunch . great customer service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a lock on a closet . i called & they were able to come when i needed them . they were friendly , professional & fast . i would highly recommend them & would use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. brown is great , but the office staff is not ! not only did they refuse to call in a prescription for me ( something no other doctors office i have ever visited has had a problem with ) , but they were extremely rude and condescending on the phone . i 'd been a patient for years , but i wo n't be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had their and empanadas at the salsa festival on st clair and they were amazing . ever since , we waited for them to open the restaurant . we went in today and saw they have a selection of yummy churros some with nutella in them ! i had a mexicano sandwich with fries . basically it 's beef , carmelizes onions , guac and jalap on a bun and it was delicious . on the big side as well . the fries were good but fairly standard . the sandwich was soooo good though . it 's a nice small place and i am looking forward to eating my way trough their selection of empanadas . a welcome addition to the st. clair community ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , and i was intrigued by the jalapeno sauce sitting there by the counter . purchased a spicy chicken empanada and loved it . especially with the jalapeno . great noms , its worth the visit if your passing by or in the area . also , the churros are great , but addictive !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "grab one of the imported mexican sodas ( coca-cola and fanta with real cane sugar just taste so much better ! ) , and then sit by the open restaurant front on a warm summer evening and the latin music combined with the clich\u00e9 crummy interior will take you straight to south america . the great food just added to the experience . if you love mexican food but have never had a churrasco before ( would n't be too surprising as they do n't seem to exist anywhere else in toronto ) , go give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been to their other location near islington , so was so happy to see they opened up closer to downtown . their empanadas are the best . every bit as good as the ones in kensington market . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelps two-star line of `` meh , i 've experienced better '' is the perfect encapsulation of this place . for a place that touts their true-to-their-roots ethnicity and best-in-toronto claim , we have been disappointed . each time the burritos have been a soupy mess , full of filler like rice and mealy vegetables and light on the meat and beans and cheese . they 're also wrapped too thickly , so that the exterior gets very hot but the interior often remains cold and wet . this place might be good enough for the high school students nearby but there are better burritos at gourmet gringos or other places on st. clair .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . best salsa i 've ever had . they make their own bread and they 're very liberal with the guacamole . i 've had almost every sandwich , the nachos supreme and e fries supreme and i love all of it ! the veggie burrito is awesome too , but the sandwiches really are the piece de resistance here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burritos . and quite large , too . big enough to share . my fiancee and i also love their churros ; we typically order a couple whenever we 're walking by . we love the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come frequently until one day the food became inedible . today , after more than a year , i decided to give it another try . warm pop , inedible taboule salad and ok shawarma .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after getting burned by another popular air conditioning contractor , i was pleased to find trustworthy hassell through referral from a family member who had used them for years . we needed to replace one of our central air units , and they gave us a very competitive bid -- not the lowest out of the four bids we got , but close to it , and they found several defects in our existing system that they fixed while they were here for no extra charge -- sharply angled ducts that were the cause of the one bedroom not getting enough heat air , and other issues . straight talking , no pressure , no sales gimmicks , just straightforward service for a fair price . i like that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hassell air fixed my problem for very little after another ac guy charged me $ 500 and did n't fix the problem . they are honest and reliable . i am very happy i found my hvac guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally found an a c business i can trust . i 've used hassell for my personal home and rental . they show up on time . best of all i do n't feel ripped off when they are done . my a c went out and i called early the next day . they came out on the same day and fixed it . they found out exactly what 's wrong and fixed the unit . around my circle of friends hassell has a reputation of giving a fair price and not adding on nonsense repairs . the techs are seasoned and really know their business . we wo n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moving day sucks . it just does , it 's always stressful and there are always unexpected headaches . however , the bright spot of my moving day was badger brothers . through the rain , crying children , and a two stop pickup , they were incredibly personable , hard working and moved quick to get everything loaded and unloaded . five stars , no question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a terrible time moving myself from one apartment to the next that i wanted to find a moving company to move the second time . i read many reviews on all the different moving companies in the area . badger brothers had the best reviews and rightfully so . the movers arrived on time and got right to work . they were very quick and finished at the low end of the estimated time frame . they were professional and took care in making sure everything they were moving was secured . they were also friendly and pleasant to my dogs , even when one of them kept getting in the way . if i ever have to move again , i would definitely use this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i moved one block on the east side from a first floor apartment to a second floor , lofted apartment on 7 31 16 and we could n't have done it without badger brothers . the guys were polite , professional , and incredibly efficient . when parking the truck at our new apartment they were blocked by someone else 's u-haul , but were clever enough to back the truck up to a railing and pull the ramp down over it . problem quickly solved ! we ca n't say enough positive things about the whole experience and we 'll definitely use badger brothers again the next time we move . thank you so much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got bids from a variety of companies , then compared reviews -- and ended up choosing badger brothers because of the reviews . cody and nate were on time , super efficient , friendly , and did a fantastic job , taking care to wrap all furniture quickly and securely so nothing got dinged or damaged . their attitude and skill were the exact opposite of my last experience with professional movers , and i 'm so glad i went with badger brothers ! very highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adrian and jake were awesome . they arrived a few minutes late due to a mechanical problem with their truck ; but they let me know as soon as they were on the road . they got started right away once they arrived . they were trying to pack as much into their trucks as possible and i do n't think there was an inch of wasted space . they did n't take a lunch break until about 8 hours into the job and did n't slow down one bit . i suspect that there are faster movers out there , but i know there are n't any that take as much care with your stuff . i will recommend these guys to anyone who will listen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome moving company . making arrangements with them was a breeze , and there were no issues when i had to modify my initial request . two dudes showed up on the day of the move and got right to work . they were chatty but not in a way that distracted from the task at hand , and since i enjoy learning about people , i talked back as well . when one of the guys noticed that i had n't packed my tv very well and that it 'd likely break , he suggested getting some additional bubble wrapping and said it would be ok if they waited around a bit for me to get back . everyone communicated with me on arrival times , etc. , and there were zero problems !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an amazing experience with badger brothers moving ! not only did ethan and ethan finish well before estimated , they were extremely polite and friendly . my husband and i would definitely use them again should we need to move ... which we are hoping we will not for a long time to come ! i would highly recommend this company to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had such a great experience with these guys . they were professional and did everything they promised . we had one casualty . a single juice glass , but it was my fault , so there ! we were able to have three guys work on our move instead of two , so the estimate was lower than what was given to me . i would recommend them , as they are a smaller business and clearly have their heads in the right place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the absolutely best moving company in the area . professional , professional and prompt service . they moved me from chicago to wisconsin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a wonderful experience , carl and lukas were kind professional and hustled back and forth non stop for six hours . if you are looking for a moving company , these guys are the best place to go in town . they are local , friendly , efficient , polite , and worth every penny . thanks for a wonderful experience guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent . best movers in madison . i have hired numerous movers over the years but these guys are the only 5 star company . reasonable , professional and reliable . if you hire anyone else in dane county you are making a serious mistake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service great customer service would highly recommend to anyone that needs help with the air-conditioning unit my air-conditioning went out at 6 o'clock in the morning and someone was there by 8am to fix the problem", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is who i always call when we have heating or cooling problems , i am a property manager with many , many air conditioners to maintain and the folks at cactus air are professional , courteous and show up within hours of being called . all the tenants who have had their ac repaired by these guys like the service they receive and the speed at which they receive it . you ca n't go wrong using this company . their prices are very fair and their service is terrific .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a property manager , who just fired our last a c company for not honoring warranty after warranty , it was a breath of fresh air to do business with jose and cactus air . as a new customer , he squeezed me in to look at one of our condos . , .. this condo was estimated for a new unit by the other place ... . he said , everything is working properly , it is an old unit , but it is working efficiently right now . since that day , he 's the only call for our 13 properties.ty jose..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant little homey garden inn . we were passing through and decided to get lazy and just eat at the restaurant downstairs . my arrabiata penne with hot sausage was well done , but way too greasy . my wife 's pizza was ok too . the gym is small , as is the pool . our bed was not particularly comfortable . the shower was tricky to turn on . pull it out ! i do n't think this is a new hotel , but furnishing and everything might have been upgraded recently . it feels modern and with-the-times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's ok , parts of the hotel ( certain wings and parts of the bar ) are under construction but i expect once the construction is complete it will be better . it is hard to find parking near the door ( i came in at 11:30pm , 3:30pm and still had to park pretty far back ) . does n't help that there are a couple of spots unusable due to snow . breakfast is made to order , typical for a hotel of this sort . overall , the experience was fine , standard . garden inn brand has the beds which allow you to dial up or down the firmness softness of the bed which makes for great sleep .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while the hotel is freshly renovated , certain amenities are broken . pay per view lacks content , and is generally stale and has only older movies . the stay connect app has not worked in months , even after reporting it . internet , is painfully slow , even if you pay for the premium . i would give this a 5 5 rating if the internet , stay connect app and pay per view worked . when you are away from home for an extended stay , you need some of these simple items .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this hotel is super clean ! the lobby is decorated nicely and the common areas , hallways , sitting areas , exercise room , pool all very clean . the rooms look updated and the price was very reasonable booked directly with hilton no third party site needed . the staff was super friendly and welcoming even interacting with my kids . would stay here again without a doubt it 's hard to find hotels that are clean with good amenities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice room nice staff . security guard with tactical vest was unnerving and they made us drink on the lobby instead of on patio . other than that fine . nothing around but i 'd you have car stuff is close enough to not be a problem . has to go back and forth to trac a bunch of times and passed enough stores and restaurants", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ride was great , the driver was great but the customer service stunk start to end . first i wanted a wednesday ride , called 4 times and no return call . eventually on 5th call i booked for next day , driver was over a half hour late . minor bump to rear end of bike in front of me at a stop sign resulted in a scratch , a cracked fender and a $ 700 credit card charge . the owner never even looked at the bike , just a photo but told me damage would be much much more than 700 , extortion racket if you have an accident , they do there own repairs so there is no accountability for what they 'make up ' as the damage amount . i have never written a review this bad , would have gladly paid 200 or 300 for the fender and scratch but there is absolutely no way replacing a fender and a scratch is 700 damage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super cool experience ! i 'd do it again and would highly recommend this tour for anyone looking to try something different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the trike tour was fun and the guides were very friendly . i do not recommend going in the summer months . the tour is during the hottest part of the day and is almost unbearable when over 95 degrees . i recommend you bring sunblock , closed toed shoes , sunglasses , and a towel to sit on . i wore shorts and burned my legs on the hot seat . this tour would be more enjoyable from october through may .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hands down one of the most fun things we did while in vegas . buck was a great tour guide and very knowledgeable . he trained us how to drive the strikes first and safety is always a top priority . i would definitely do this again when i come back to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i loved this adventure . buck was our tour guide . we went to the hoover dam , pat tillman bridge and lake mead . i am so glad i did this and would not hesitate doing it again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly this has been the most fun i 've had in vegas ! ! ! defiantly would recommend the hoover dam tour . you can book one trike and have 2 riders . which is amazing but word of advise if your husband is husky ( like mine ) and you guys are planning on switching so both can drive ... umm yeah not a good idea lol the most i got the trike to go was 25mph . but trust me it 's going to be a good story to tell our friends and family . shout out antonio and shannon for taking good care of us . shannon take the best pictures just fyi . you guys are amazing ! ! ! ! thanks you for a fun experience ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down one of the best raw vegan gluten free no refined sugar restaurants i 've ever been too . not only is it a couple who owns it , but they are present every day . these people eat and breathe what they create and are so caring and approachable . i visit every time i 'm in for a work trip . i love the zucchini pesto pasta ; so much flavor and yet such a simple dish . you have to also try the carmel sea salt square , not too rich , and always worth getting again . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "raw food ... why not take something that tastes good and is affordable , and change it to something that tastes bad and costs a lot ? had several items , and they 're either boring ( because it 's just raw food ) or desperate attempts at making a borderline eating disorder `` diet '' seem palatable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was my first time here - and i 've eaten at their previous bloor west village location years back . great raw cuisine ! today was a first peak to meet the owners and meet a community networker . great french press coffee , and a great vibe for a quaint spot . i 'll have to get back for a proper meal ! angus and chelsea ( the owners ) are delightful , be sure to say hi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bolognese was delicious and incredibly filling ! for only one employee preparing and serving , the service was prompt ! i was impressed ! the chocolate cheesecake was divine as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked here because there were not much customer in the store . well actually , one was there but she left soon so it was me alone . very quite and cozy . and the price for the food was moderate ! had chicken noodle and deep fried shrimp spring rolls and i 'm pretty pleased when i finished the meal : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "plse please excuse me if i spelled vietn -- -- wrong ! these guys cook & cook & cook ! ! amazing vermicelli ; veg & meat wowed my head off ! super service . do n't let that busy streetcorner stop you if you want a snack or meal- great smoothies too ! the only reason i did n't give 5 stars is too many soup categories.. you prob . do n't care .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh my god . excellent food and very affordable . will definitely be going back again and again . also , the way they packed my food to go was super . no spills and everything was just the right temp . but they have ample seating as well . bought four spring rolls , and two soups and it fed three grown ups and two small kids . the broth was fragrant and wonderful and everything was just perfect . do n't let the plain exterior or crazy intersection keep you away . park at the bank or get off the bus and get some pho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was walking by the store few weeks ago and there was a landlord eviction notice on the door . since , the place was emptied and patched-up and painted . too bad !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the most charming whimsical home decorating accents ever ! ! need something special as a gift or a lil visa-therapy this is your spot ! ! andrea the owner has fabulous taste and all the girls she hires are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! each time i visit there is something new to check out . i love the candle selection . they always have great seasonal scents , i 'm hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot ! this is my favorite place to find creative presents or cute decorations for my house . it has been owned locally for 9 years ! i love shops like this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a gorgeous and beautiful boutique . love the variety of gifts and things for home . but i found that the prices on the bigger items were a bit over priced . do n't get me wrong , love the beautiful items . also a very negative thing about this store is that it 's so cram packed full of items a person can barely turn around with the possibility of knocking into something . a person with a wheelchair , walker or crutches would not even make it in the door . that 's why i gave the store 3 stars , because of pricing and accessibility", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish i found this place sooner ! today my friend and i had lunch over at flower child and after we strolled around the shopping center , running into this hidden gem boutique . right outside the door were clearance items which is where i picked up two framed quotes as decor pieces for my apartment . they were 70 % ( $ 10 and $ 5 ) and i could n't beat that ! ! plus the quotes were so me ; ) it 's such a cute store with one-of-a-kind items . the variety of gifts range from small to large , and their prices are up there but i do n't mind it considering i 'm supporting a local business ! i ca n't wait to shop here for gifts , especially around the holidays ! oh , and the sweet ( presumed ) owner wrapped my frames so nice with bubble wrap and tissue paper . also , the bag is custom and reusable which was super impressive to me ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is with utmost praise i review such a wonderful business . nooked away in the camelback village center off of 44th street and camelback - this charming , pleasant and friendly boutique definitely drew me in on first visit . they happened to be having a sale too ! win ! i bought a wonderful voluspa aromatic weed diffuser . with their sale price it was hard to pass up . i ended up going back the next day and grabbing two more because i really loved the scent . the gals up front were so friendly . we got to talking about a fundraiser for the animals i was having and that i was trying to get donations . with that said they spoke to the owner and she agreed and they had a wonderful donation that i was able to pick up just days later . i love supporting local and love boutiques like these . it definitely does not hurt that they support the animals . thank you ladies - i will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i 'm a big chipotle fan normally , this location seems to be mediocre . unfortunately , it 's the one that 's closest to me , too ! the rice often seems water-logged , the meat has been dry and i 've given it a shot three separate times . wo n't be going to this location any longer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is always always dirty . and slow . today i had to literally scrub a bunch of gross sludge off the table - took me at least a minute , with a table of employees literally sitting there watching me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one thing that is impressive about this location is the blistering speed of service . food is always top notch . the only minor concern is the dining room is painfully small .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good but the lines and proportions are not so good . i usually have to get guac and chips along with my chicken bowl to fill me up . also the chips are usually stale which i dislike .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is definitely better than the other mentor location . i think they give way better portions ! the chicken is better and so are the veggies . chipotle is decently consisted wherever you go ... but i think this is a pretty especially good location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location has been my favorite for quite some time now , thanks to the usually personable staff , generous portions and great tasting food ! i know it sounds strange for a chain restaurant , but the food at this location always seems to taste especially great . today 's experience was one of the best , however ! the guy working the rice burrito station was friendly and worked at a good pace . the ( newer ? ) boy working the meat section actually paused to give me the freshest barbacoa -- and a generous portion , too ! the cashier was especially nice and generous . ( also , i have to point out that these chips are perfectly salted lol ) if you want chipotle , this is the location to choose ! it 's a little bit of a drive for me , but it 's always worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so slow . every line worker is tooooo busy only making the online orders . they do n't even realize or care that the line in the actual place is almost out the door . it probably would have been if i had to stay any longer . they took one in store order per 5 online orders , maybe more . it was all so unorganized . please be prepared and think of an idea to manage between the two types of orders . the portions are also small compared to the other chipotles i 've been to . i recommend only going during random hours when you know they wo n't be busy . the actual food tastes fine , so that 's what the extra star is for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good service and food except for when i got some uncooked rice once . the only thing i can complain about is the prices , kinda high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my order was really messed up here the other day , and they corrected their mistake really quickly for me ! i was impressed because there was a long line and they looked understaffed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what everyone else is talking about with the negative reviews ... i have been going to this location religiously for over 4 years now and have only had a couple small negative encounters . the staff are always pretty nice and the food is always amazing . the only gripe i 've ever had is that sometimes i 've gotten smaller portions than usual . overall i would honestly rather go to chipotle rather than any other option in lake county . as for the person that said they 'd rather go to qdoba i feel sorry for your taste buds and wallet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing prevents me from giving a chain 5 stars is lack of cleanliness or poor service . half the staff seems high af or just missing a chromosome or 5 ... they ask you what toppings you want ... then ask again ... they ask what you want to drink .. you say water and give you a soda ( would n't care if they did n't try to charge you for it given it was ordered but this has happened a few times ) ... the food is bomb tho and worth putting up w morons for a few minutes to visit yummy paradise", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chipotle . every time i can come back up to ohio or a place that has a chipotle is is my first stop . best burrito place around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no changing table . the chipotle sign is displayed on i90 for long distance travelers . handicap access , boosters , and high chairs , but no place to change a baby ? ! ? shame on the managers and owners . the ac was set to frigid and the stereo was cranked . my hot blooded husband even said something . food was great and offered the same national value chipotle has to offer . the servers were kind and in agreement there should be a safe , sanitary place to change a toddler baby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't try to get a flu shot for a child under 5 here . they refused my child because he is not a patient there ( this is a walk-in clinic ) and because it is not 1030 when they administer it . i have reported them to the ministry of health . as a parent i 'm completely appalled that a clinic would a refuse a child a flu shot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in and out in less than an hour on a friday morning . the waiting room is fine . the doctor i saw was nice and was very efficient in his examination and diagnosis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service : very sweet customer service ! no pressure on selling . they are totally fine with taking pictures . they are very informative and knowledgeable about their products . the soap : yummmmm~ wish they are all edible ! ! super creative~ no more ordinary , boring soap ! they make soap so fun ! perfect for buying them as gifts . yes , a little bit pricey but they last for long long long time ! great for decorations or display in the bathroom . excellent new gift idea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the window displays , i thought i was walking into a bakery . slices of pie , chunks of fudge , donuts , and cookies all filled the front display cases . it was after actually walking into the store that i realized i was actually looking at handmade soaps . while my interest faded , my wifes peaked and we spent the next 15 minutes sampling products . in the grand scheme of things , being located in the venetian 's grand canal shoppes , i expected the prices to be much higher . while some people would hesitate at $ 9 for a bar of soap , the crafting with unique presentation and ingredients made it justifiable . definitely a cool place , and good for girly gifts to bring back from vacation . 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cute store with soaps i 've never seen before ! could n't leave without unique soap creations that looked & smelled like peach tarts , strawberry shortcake & banana cream pie slices ... they look so realistic ! bought some home as gifts and people loved them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is super cute and opens really late in case you feel like walking around and shopping . it 's located near tao in the venetian . the items look delicious ; they smell even better . the scents are strong so be ready for that . i got some colorful donuts and although the sales associate gave them to me in a pastry bag , she wrapped them because i mentioned it was a present . this place is a bit pricey so not for everyday soap use . but if you 're feeling fancy , be my guest !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it here ! i honestly thought it was a cute bakery when i walked pass it but it turned out to be a soap shop . do n't matter to me . at first , i was only there to look but the longer i smelled and looked at everything , i wanted it all . shea was excellent and attentive . she asked me what i liked and do n't liked and she got it on the spot . very pricey . most of the dessert merchandise is made to look at , not really for usage in my opinion . it would kill me if i use it . they are just so beautiful . i bought a `` fruit tart '' and a `` peach tart '' . they are both beautiful and the scent is divine . great to give as a gift which is what i did . after i bought my items , i got some free samples as well as a beautiful wrapping for the soaps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here and spent my life away in this beautiful store . the store smells like heaven on a sunny day . i bought all my souvenirs for my friends and family here . they have the most amazing creative soaps , shaped like cookies , doughnuts , cakes , pies , cupcakes , brownies everything . they have this bath balls that are similar to a huge sphere of alka-seltzer , they dissolve in the tub and leave your skin so smooth , i got to test the bath ball on my hands , so i definitely know they work . you can even place orders on-line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! only writing a review for the girl who helped me out . totally forgot her name , but she was closing saturday the 31st ( this past weekend ) . she was really nice & helped me out a lot . then when i came back a couple of days later ( monday at around 2-ish ) the girl there was really informative & funny . if this location keeps hiring people with great customer service like them , i 'll definitely stop by my next time in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the new location in mgm . love this place . great product . would make a great valentines day present .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful high quality products and amazing customer service . you have to try the bath balls , lotions , scrubs and soaps . i have and they are awesome and they can be purchased online .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best soap store in the world ! ! ! ! ! they moved now to mgm hotel . all my friends and family addicted to this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to jackie m at j anthony salon & spa for many services , very knowledgeable and talented person in every aspect of beauty business skin care micro blading eyelash extension hair color weddings makeup , very friendly and bubbly personality . jenny", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check out rebecca at scarlet nails inside salon boutique . best mani pedi i have ever had . reasonable prices and great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to afton sisco , for years now and have never disappointed . you will look forward to your appointment with the girls in the first suite in the front left for your hair or nails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to arizona almost a couple of years ago , and i got a haircut by a guy named david , ( i believe he 's middle eastern from what i remember ) i lost all his information and ca n't seem to find him anywhere ! ? does he still work for salon boutique in glendale or any info to where he is at ! ? please help !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hair design by jenna at hair dyenamics is phenomenal ! i 've been going to jenna for almost a year now and i always leave with fabulous hair . jenna is amazing at her craft , she always delivers what i ask for , and i always leave feeling beautiful . i highly recommend jenna !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for authentic greek dishes in an atmosphere that makes you feel like you 're in the mediterranean , then ellada is definitely worth a try . friday and saturday nights this place is filled to the brim with locals who come to listen to the live greek music , and enjoy the many delicacies this restaurant has to offer . my favorite dishes include the shrimp ( every preparation method ) , the grilled octopus , and the lamb chops . oh , and you must start with the fried zucchini and eggplant with an order of tzatziki ! want to pair your meal with a fine bottle of wine ? tell your waiter your preferences , and he will recommend something just up your alley ! ( i have n't had one order go wrong yet ! ) one thing i must warn about : make reservations early ; i 've had last-minute reservations and have waited 30-45 minutes to be seated -- but there is a small bar to hang out by to help pass the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": ": ( i wanted yogurt , and since this place was located in the mgm grand hotel , i decided to give it a try . i walked down here in the morning for breakfast , and it was n't crowded at all . i did see crepes being made but i went straight for the froyo . i grabbed a cup and proceeded to the original tart . it was runny.. ugh . i then gave the other flavors a try , but they were all runny as well . so sad . i decided to just go pay for the mushy yogurt already in my cup . i put some toppings on , then headed out . the yogurt tasted really weird , and unlike tart at all . it was expensive , and for what i had paid for , i was n't happy at all . if the yogurt was actually good , i would n't have mind.. i should 've just gotten a crepe or something !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a $ 40 credit from staying at the signature so decided to use it here for 3 people environment : located right inside mgm near the theatre , open area for yogurt and dessert and plenty of seating . cute little decor dessert and drinks : we ordered two drinks , one was the berry acai smoothie and my dad ordered the berry blitz ( i do n't remember these names but the one with all berries ) and both were delicious ! very tasty and a good amount . we ordered a crepe with mushrooms , spinach and cheese and a dessert crepe with all berries . crepes were n't good compared to other crepe joints i 've tried . price : freakin expensive ! $ 8 for a smoothie and $ 13 for each crepe . we totaled $ 44 ! service : friendly , pay up front overall , would n't come back due to expensive prices and food was not good ! smoothies are good here but only came here because of our credit", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the closest place to the signature with breakfast food , so it was an easy choice for us since we were starving . since it 's a crepe spot , they are made to order so it takes a bit longer than your average fast food restaurant . i tried the nutella and strawberries , ham and cheese , and pizza crepe . my favorites were the nutella and the ham and cheese . $ 10 per crepe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's conveniently located in the walkway of shops between mgm and the mgm signature . their alcoholic slushies are great . i found them to be less sweet than the famous fat tuesday ones but just a strong . i tend to avoid fat tuesday drinks because they are way too sweet . they also make their slushies strong with everclear , and have the option to purchase an additional shot . protip : they offer refillable cups so if you are staying at the mgm this could offer a better value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you ca n't go wrong with frozen yogurt , and this place is no exception . clean and great selection of yogurt . i highly recommend the peanut butter yogurt . the cheese cake flavor did n't have much cheese cake flavor . i also put almonds , mochi , and cheesecake bites . i wish they have peanut butter chips . that would of made my day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's vegas ... so i 'm going to let the high price pass , but this crepe place is nothing special . except that maybe it 's one of the few crepe places . we had the versailles crepe , which consisted of strawberries , bananas , and caramel sauce ... it was good but they over did it with the caramel sauce . other options we were debating included an all-berries crepe or the crepes with the beloved nutella ... but we decided to go more classic . the crepe was descent sized . they are big enough for two people to share as a light breakfast or dessert . we had it with some coffee for an afternoon snack and it was a good idea . got a sugar boost to walk down the majority of the strip ! for those of you who are more healthy but your friends will drag you to the crepes ... there is a frozen yogurt section connected to the blitz so you can have that for dessert : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "price wise this is expensive . they charge 69 cents an ounce here but the lone cups they give you are huge to start with . after all the toppings and a drink my yogurt came out to over 9 bucks . my local yogurt spots in my hometown are at least $ 3- $ 4 cheaper . this is vegas so nothing comes cheap i suppose . the area to hang here is big and spacious . so i will say this is a good hangout spot if you are killing time in between . as an fyi this is in between the mgm and the signature crossing point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the egg , spinach and mushroom crepe was horrible . pre-made egg filling and dry crepe made for a lousy start to the day . no one that works there looks like they are happy at all . signs on the table stating a 30 minute time limit to be at the table does not make you feel welcome . tables were dirty . wont be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i bought the mango yogurt and they taste so sour and is does n't taste like yogurt at all and the price are too much i bought one it cross me - $ 15 and is not even taste right and good too not recommend to anyone ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mocha frappe was a made a little different with chocolate syrup coated all around the cup so every sip i was sipping chocolate i could barely taste the mocha taste . also tried the berry banana smoothie and it was great , delicious the price was $ 8- $ 9 for a 21 oz type of size cup so it 's a little pricey here i mean you are in the mgm so expect it . the service was fast and great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was pretty good , but they did n't have that much to choose from . i wish they had more flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just had the smoothie and it was ok but not worth the $ 6.25 or whatever it was . my niece said that the cookies and cream frozen yogurt was good though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad ! at the beginning , take a wrong order for me , i said no cream , then they made the no crepes for me ! i wait for about 15 minutes for the first order . and then they said `` ok i will make it again for you '' so i waited about 30 minutes , and finally i asked again . no one make the food for me ? wtf . and i waited for another 15 minutes . i hate this service . i do n't even want to give a star to rate . but ca n't do the post without a star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great idea . the prices were reasonable , the amount of toppings was awesome and the froyo was pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got the acai smoothie since i was craving a smoothie . over $ 8 including tax for 22 oz . thank god it tasted good or i would have been super sad . so if you do n't care too much about the price , come here for your smoothie fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . i ordered a strawberry and banana with nutella crepe - the insides were good , but you ca n't really go wrong with anything nutella . at least the fruits were fresh too . the crepe itself was totally off . it was difficult to cut - very rubbery and the taste texture was very chewy . for the price , i would have to pass on this and go to one of the jean-phillipe crepe places .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was just one of those self serve places . i had vanilla frozen yogurt ( and because it was non fat i had 3294873947 ounces ) . i loaded it up with toppings and it was delicious . a nice little late night snack for me ! ! ! just because it 's non fat does n't mean you can eat unlimited amounts . open for breakfast , lunch , and dinner ? wtf ? whatever , if you 'll go here for all three meals you deserve to be undernourished and stupid . it 's just frozen yogurt ! nothing special , nothing bad , but very vanilla if you will . see what i did there ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stayed at the mgm grand while i was in vegas for ces . i walked by blizz several times and made it a point to stop in for a crepe before the week was over . on my last day there , i went to blizz and decided on the versailles -- a yummy crepe served with bananas , strawberries , chocolate drizzle and whipped cream . it was yummy and very filling . definitely enough to share .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really convenient since it was located right in our hotel . a was getting one of those disgusting tasting drinks with all the vegetables in it and i got watermelon froyo . watermelon froyo . did you hear me ? wa-ter-mel-on froyo ! so tasty ! i think all froyo places should have watermelon froyo . it 's self-serve and a variety of toppings . a little pricey , but i guess they figure you 're in vegas anyway and will pay the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not worth going out if your way for , but if it is in your hotel worth a stop if you are hungry ! we went twice during our stay for the crepes . the best by far was the one with nutella and banana . the fruit ones were a little too sweet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is in the mgm hotel , so it 's very convenient . but like all things in vegas , it 's too pricey . $ 20 for two people is too much . there were four flavors that were empty , so i had to choose a different one than what i wanted . and there was n't any sample cups ! i ended up getting a cookies and cream with some chocolate . i tasted it from my cup and it was bland . just no flavor at all . so i over compensated with toppings , which were standard . nothing special . meh . i should have just had more booze instead of this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food it is a bit pricey you should expect that in a vegas casino . the belgian waffle was very good with berry compote . looking for something fast that is open in the mornings and is not in the food court you should check them out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped here for breakfast last week while staying at mgm signature and attending the nab convention . i ordered the all american breakfast crepe and a bottle of water . this came to $ 18 ! ! if the crepe was good , i guess i could handle the price , but alas , it was the worst breakfast crepe i 've ever had . the crepe itself was cooked ok but the eggs , sausage , and bacon inside we 're super dry , too salty , and over cooked . gross . i ate about half of it and threw away the rest . what a waste of time and money . there are so many better options in vegas . i 'll know better next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the congo crepe ... nutella and bananas with whipped cream . hold the powdered sugar ! get this every time i 'm in ballys ! very yummy and it 's a great treat ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by this place before the gambling , drinking , and pool activities . need to get something in our stomachs and we smelt the crepes from down the hall . i had one stuffed with eggs , bacon , sausage , and cheese . definitely not the best crepe i 've ever had , but it was very tasty and stayed together . overall , good breakfast stop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really bad crepes , waste of my money . i ordered the egg and mushroom and added cheese ... no taste whatsoever . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "three people working there and could 've been much more efficient with taking and making orders . the acai bowl i got was the chunky monkey and was decent . i always get acai bowls for the peanut butter and could n't taste any in it . tables were dirty and people kept running into me while sitting down ( crowded ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great , ate here for breakfast . price was n't much , 11 bucks for my crepe . it 's nice it 's so close to the west tower rooms . workers were very friendly and it was n't crazy packed . i would definitely eat here again , maybe i 'll try the breakfast crepes next time instead of the sweet one i had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for morning breakfast . our versailles crepe was so delicious ! we 'll definitely stop by for another crepe i 'm future . they make good smoothies and raw juices . i had their rejuvenator raw juice , it 's delicious ! my partner had their acai smoothie and it tasted great as well . i 've attached pictures of our food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bar @ blizzard has decent deals for frozen , sweet drinks . they can include alcohol or not . the price is decent especially if you buy a refillable cup and you are staying at the mgm for a few days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good service very clean great shake they have breakfast crapes that look amazing and omelets look yummy . price was good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there the last day in vegas . the gal that took my order was friendly..there was one other girl who did n't talk , maybe by choice ? anyway .hubby and i enjoyed our food . we got the strawberry royale crepe and berry belgian waffle . it 's kinda pricey but i guess that 's vegas . will return if we stayed at the signature again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst crepe i 've ever had . got the `` fresh start , '' which is an egg , cheese and spinach crepe . it tasted burnt but otherwise flavorless , and the egg had a dry , crumbly texture like reconstituted egg powder or something . i had to use hot sauce to cover the burnt flavor . the strawberry tango smoothie was decent . service was friendly but not well-coordinated . i 'd say stop by for a smoothie , but avoid the crepes here unless you 're desperate to fill your stomach .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "price is double and sizes is half which is reasonable since it 's vegas . we order a small fresh-squeezed orange juice , and it was sour . i was thirsty , so i finished it-ish , while my sister took a few sips and threw hers away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sad overpriced yogurt spot in mgm in the back on your way to the pool . quality is a little less than average . current staff is very slow and needs much more training . prices for yogurt are twice what you usually pay elsewhere . for entertainment it is pretty fun to sit and eat your $ 12 med yogurt while watching the faces of other customers when their order is totaled ... ..although i know i had the same look on my face when i paid $ 56 for 4 yogurts . yes , i can read but it 's the per oz pricing that gets you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location was inside the mgm grand and it satisfied my sweet tooth craving . we had the new yorker crepe and it was pretty good especially topped with a scoop of frozen vanilla yogurt . they have other crepe and smoothie options as well as a self serve yogurt bar where you can add your own toppings and price depends on weight . my only complaint was that it 's significantly overpriced , but so is everything else in any of the restaurants in a casino . we paid almost $ 14 for our crepe which would be less than $ 10 anywhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok prices it 's vegas after all . great selection ample seating and little bar kiosk next to it so i 'll recommend", "score": "3"}
{"review": "-review for froyo only- this was my first froyo stop while on a girls trip to vegas . it was pretty standard- self-serve froyo with a few flavors and lots of toppings . the flavors could stand a change to something more unique , but they did have a wide variety of toppings . price was decent , too . overall not a bad place for a quick foryo stop if you really need a fix , but with the many other options for froyo , ice cream and other treats in vegas , you may want to look elsewhere . the crepes looked good , but sadly no time to try them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pass the mgm food court the place is so inviting , but the attraction fades . whatever you do , do n't make eye contact with the workers when ordering , it 'll ruin your day . it 's like i did something wrong because i asked for a crepe . no wonder . the crepes were a tragedy in the making . you could see it coming , dry and inedible , but the waffle option offered with berries was perfect so it 's a hit and miss establishment . expensive when you consider the bad vibe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "busy place , but the cashier kept the line moving fast . good selection of yogurt , and lots of toppings . the crepes looked amazing . the yogurt was yummy , yummy , yummy , and perfect for a day of 112 degrees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just average frozen yogurt for much too high of a price . 79 cents per oz and the yogurt was a bit runny , though i may have been unlucky that it was runny .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "crepes were good but pricey ( like everything else in vegas ) . although peanut butter is n't on the menu , they do have peanut butter sauce which was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're staying at the mgm and do n't want to make breakfast a big deal , but you 're a little hungover and need something filling , tell your friend you will pay for her breakfast if she goes downstairs and gets you guys crepes and brings them back to the room . she will probably flip you off and then go to the bathroom to throw up , with you ending up having to go downstairs and pay for her crepe , but whatevs . the `` fresh start '' crepe ( scrambled eggs , spinach , mushrooms , tomato , and add cheese ) , will make you feel better , and she can repay you by buying you a bloody mary at the pool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having only just rediscovered the joys of having a library card , i found myself here . i have to say , i do like my local library . i like the extensive cooking selection ; perfect for recipe testing and sussing out whether it 's just the sort of book that 'll sit proudly on your kitchen shelf . and i like that you can just use the self service machine if you 're in a hurry . ( but staff are always so friendly and helpful that it 's difficult for me to pass the service desk by . ) you can also extend your loan time online if you need a little bit longer with your book ( s ) . i also like that it feels like a community hub , and that it 's a peaceful place to do a little work or get some headspace . i do like this library .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best library in edinburgh following it 's renovation . the only thing i do n't like about the new libaray is the 'self-issue ' machines , which are fairly impersonal and difficult to use . however , the staff are still on hand to help and are very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lf it 's educational books that you are looking for then really this is not the place to come as you 're unlikely to have a lot of success due to the fact that this place focuses more on books for the enjoyment they offer rather than for the educational value they offer . the library is almost entirely devoted to fiction and subdivisions of fiction - even its arts section is mostly comprised of musical autobiographies . if you do get a reasonable amount of enjoyment out of reading a good book then this certainly is n't a bad place to spend the afternoon especially with its fairly comfortable reading areas . it is most certainly a library there to entertain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lovely little library , staff are always pleasant and more than happy to help . have taken groups of kids in before , they have a wonderful children 's area with a great selection of books and no one bats an eyelid when the kids ca n't do n't want to stay quiet ! always very understanding if one of the children 's books taken out has a small tear or someone has tried to chew the corner ! : ) i think they do n't charge late fees on children 's books either , although i am open to correction on that one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the teachers are extremely dedicated and work extremely hard to make the mission work . the campus is amazing . go agassi stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came her for basketball tournaments . the school ... large immaculate and safe looking . as an educator , i love how the emphasis is on college prep , even at the kinder level . i was not fond of the cameras in the girls ' restroom in the gym ! as a parent , i 'd be pissed , safety or not ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this school is giving students the opportunity to have the quality education every child deserves . for more information on this school , go to www.agassiprep.org .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter attends this school ... . & we love it . the population is diverse ... . teachers & staff are extremely pleasant . campus is always clean ... and nice . so far so good ... .no complaints in our end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh . our pho looks like the broth was scooped off the top layer because it was filled with fat . the service was just as bad - they kept bringing out the wrong food and drinks . there was a female server there that did n't even speak a word and kept bringing out food and placing it at one end of the table and walking off without trying to figure out who it belonged to our telling us what it was . one pho dish we asked for them to cook their normally rare meat all the way before serving it as the person was pregnant and could n't risk eating anything remotely raw - but it still came out with half of the meat cooked and the other half raw . i definitely would not come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered the bun tha nun , tha nun with rice , and fried egg rolls . the food was mediocre but the service was awful ! the young female staff does speak or acknowledge you at all . i asked her a few times and she just stares at you & leave . the prego lady staff is just rude . and male staff was slow and unhelpful . to top it off my mom and i both got really bad stomach craps the next day and it last 2 days . i think we had food poisoning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm dropping my rating 2 stars based on the rude and slow service . the food is excellent and inexpensive but the bad service is unacceptable . the waitress today literally dropped our food on the end of the table did n't make eye contact and walked away . you have to flag the server down for your check or anything else for that matter . i 'm assuming this may be a cultural thing but i am always happy at pho avina so i will make the drive there for my twice a week fix . too bad . loved this place originally .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 stars for the area pho = very good , best taste in nw valley . this is my go to place for pho . eggrolls - did n't like these - too greasy spring rolls - yum + hoisin peanut sauce yum + fish sauce yum serving size - very good . even an xl option if you 're super hungry . ambiance - ok , small , fast food-ish , not the best part of the experience but if you 're looking for great food this is the place to go . prices - also amazing , best i 've seen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "inside lee lee 's supermarket so it was definitely convenient . it 's cheap and tastes decent . you can really taste the cinnamon in the broth . service was good and the food came out literally less than 5 minutes after order but it was a rainy weekend afternoon so there was n't many people eating there at that moment . i would n't go out of my way for this place as i live near a gazillion pho places and this one is far west but would definitely eat here if i was nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we really like their pho here . shrimp fresh rolls are big and delicious . friendly staff and quick service . the grocery store is huge and has a wonderful selection of fresh produce , meats , fish , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "value 5 stars food quality 1 star what i ordered bun bo hue bun thit nuong cha goi banh xeo this is the perfect example of you get what you pay for . cheap but the food was n't very good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new pho spot in lee lee market is much more than pho . rice and noodle dishes are as good as ever , but the main attraction is the grilled food and the roll your own spring rolls with a grill at the table ! amazing , while your shopping and hungry , stop in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in here because my chef of a hubby was taking too long grocery shopping finding ingredients for a tough recipe . what a great way to kill time for 20 minutes ! i ordered the first thing on the menu , combination pho . it had the tripe , tendons , beef , meatballs . the broth was really good ! i added oodles of sriracha and hoisin so not sure if that had anything to do with it . it did n't blow my mind away but i enjoyed the food . although when you 're hungry , everything seems to be super good so i may have to do a re-do ! the atmosphere itself is not too exciting but that 's to be expected inside of a grocery store . there 's no hostess area so i wandered around until i found the manager and he happily let me pick any of the booths to sit in . service was friendly and prompt . food was cheap too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we frequent this pho spot every time we are in az ( which is a lot ) . got ta say for the price it is a pretty good deal . we started coming here after our previous pho spot started skimping on the food they put in the pho . that definitely is n't an issue here , the pho is filling and full of meat , noodles and great broth . the egg rolls and spring rolls are fresh and hot as well . this is a go-to spot for delicious pho !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was pretty good . i 'm happy that they had the three colors dessert here . oh so good . it 's not as sweet as other places that i 've gotten it at . i ordered the bbq pk and shredded pork dish ( # 42 ) and that was delicious . i tried some of their beef stew noodle dish and their egg noodle dish - both which were also good . the spring roll was interesting because it was mostly all veggie with shrimp and beef slices . i 'm used to the spring rolls having some mi fun ( rice noodles ) in it , too , but it was good regardless . the vietnamese coffee was also good . very sweet , but good . i also like how cheap and clean this place is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite vietnamese place on this side of town . their pho ga is soooooo good , way better than others i 've tried in town . it has this extra spice to it that makes it absolutely delicious . their pho dac biet is great as well but da vang beats it . this place is relatively clean , located inside lee lees , the staff is friendly and attentive for not knowing much english . getting two pho dishea , spring roll and egg roll runs you less than $ 20 bucks and a big belly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is savory but i 'm just not satisfied with their portions . and the service is not great neither .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as a new yorker , this pho is pretty good ! got # 1.. and for $ 6 ! nice . had a decent amount of meat and noodles . broth was tasty as well . also tried the egg rolls ( which i know to be spring rolls in the east ) which was different than the ones i 'm used to but delish . price point is good . food was good . service was okay . would come back next time i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best thing about this place is the price . it 's one of the cheaper vietnamese restaurant i 've been to . it 's the first time i 've been here since going to there original location back in mesa . i kind of miss there picture menu they had at mesa . there was a dish i use to always order that had a picture before it was a rice dish with some type of grilled links but it 's hard to remember without any pictures . i ended up getting there grape leaves wrapped over meat dish and opted for rice instead of noodles . it was decent for the price . ok so the only thing that really bothered me about this place was there cleanliness . i think having a clean restaurant makes the food easier to swallow . i had a really hard time doing that as i look around while eating . maybe next time i will order to go and eat at home . overall decent food for the price !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to grab something quick and authentic to eat . everything i 've ordered has always been good for the price . you ca n't beat their prices and their service has always been good when we have dined in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "few would know that this pho location is the same one that was unfortunately closed due to tragic circumstances - phuh thanh in mesa on extension . they are the same family as da ' vang - in phoenix . the broth of their food is top notch and on par as their big phoenix brothers locale . seriously , one of the best flavorful vietnamese food with bottom prices - it just does n't make sense . i 'm a true pho'natic and i challenge those who value their pho and other vietnamese ethnic food to come try for yourself and you will definately see what i mean . i live out in the southwest valley and the pho quality have not even rivaled that of da 'vang , phu thanh ( original ) , saigon ( good broth , slim quantity ) , pho 43 , etc . we 'll , having this gem here folks has been a true blessing and i hope they continue their success within leelees on cactus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phu thanh from mesa moved to peoria ... awesome food , , whenever on this side town , a must stop by ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good ! it still needs work . their spring rolls could be better , it 's done amateurishly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love it ! fast . fresh . cheap . i 'll definitely be back ! i got spring rolls and pho . loved the mint in the spring roll too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to go for pho . the spring rolls are fresh and taste amazing and the broth for the pho is very flavorful . my nail lady told me to ask for my pho with yellow noodles and now when i go i ca n't decide which way i want it because they are both so good . the location is inside lee lee 's market . i eat here once a week for lunch and would recommend you give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was surprised it is conveniently situated in the market place . the service was quick and courteous . the serving is great for the price . give this hidden gem a try , while you shop for foreign food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they close at 8pm not 9pm they place will close earlier sometimes too very sad . i do n't know if they do n't like kids but we got there at 7:30pm and they said they are closing so togo orders only . i felt that it was because i had a baby with me sleeping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been visiting here for two years now , always order their beef stew noodle soap , it taste awesome ! the staff are very friendly , the price is very cheap compare to other pho restaurants in arizona . will come back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was good , but pho was n't hot enough and just warm . the egg rolls that were ordered barely had any flavor to it . overall , the place was just okay . i thought it tasted better when it first opened up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always satisfied here . best prices pho in town , service on point and food is always delicious ! i order the huge combination pho bowl usually but today i have an upset tummy so the 3b will do which is just meatball pho . veggies are always fresh and soup hot , spring rolls are amazing as well . inside a asian market so you can shop after", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is n't my first recommend pho place , i would say this is probably my second . i like that this spot is pretty convenient and that it 's not too far away from my place . the prices are decent and the food comes out quick . you wo n't get a+ service here like most pho establishments anyway such as no checking up on you and hardly any water refills , you 'll have to wave someone down . the pho itself though , is good . my friend and i will leave with a bowl of pho each and a side of spring rolls for around $ 15 . not too bad for a meal for two if you think about it that way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good eggrolls . pho sucks ! not hot enough it came out warm and not enough flavor . i will only come back for the eggrolls .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place in peoria for good vietnamese food . cheap n fast service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yikes , dirty . funny taste to the pho and spring rolls i tried . no peanut sauce either . the pricing was very reasonable and the menu is huge . service was awful , i waited for ever . ... .but i ca n't shake the taste in my mouth . it was metallic and the pork tasted old . i could n't finish it for fear of food poisoning . i walked out into the grocery store part . very glad i did . they had boba that was very good and saved the whole experience . on the way out of lee lee 's i tried pancakes they were making , most excellent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very poor service , i order 3 time , 3 food order togo in the month , everytime i brought the food home , i open up they give me wrong item , three time in the row , can not believe that . very very poor service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i-wub-you-glad-you-reopened-but-why-so-far-from-east-valley-i-wub-you . and breathe . yes for all the reasons why everyone already says it 's so good , and they", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you a quick bite before picking up some groceries at lee lee , pho tan thanh is the place to be - relatively cheap and quick , owners are very nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i am in the nw valley , i usually head here for pho with the friends . i always get the grilled pork sandwich and pho . both are delicious ! i 'm a fan and will continue to visit this place when i am in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food here , we come at least once a week . the food def gets 5 stars . the only reason for 4 stars is their customer service could be better . the drink refilling is a must ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like it here , small sitting place and inside the grocery restaurant but quick and good food . the bowls are huge , u can swim in there but they 're good quality . i got banh canh , my favorite and not disappointed . i 'll stop by again whenever in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! we were passing through phoenix and stopped here on christmas day . the pho broth is delicious . we had spring rolls ( tofu was fresh fried and tasty ) , one # 16 and one # 121 - the beef pho was definitely the way to go . the tofu pho still had delicious broth and tasty noodles , but the tofu was cold and just plopped in there without cooking it . the service was curt and the ambiance is n't great , but you do n't expect that for a $ 5 pho place in a dumpy strip mall . would recommend for good pho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent vietnamese food hidden away in a grocery store . be sure to explore the menu . start with some pho ( try out the real pronunciation - 'fuh ' ) , with bbq pork or fish ball ( oh yeah , i said fish ball , yum ) . then move on to some diy food prep with the apps you build yourself . rice paper you moisten slightly , then stuff to make your own spring rolls ( get the beef wrapped in grape leaves , beyond tasty ) . great place , great food . go shopping after you are done ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good and cheap and next to asian food market . they give u rice paper and u make your own spring roll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's ok. not my first pick for vietnamese food . sadly this place left a lot to be desired . it 's not your cleanness friendliest restaurant . food was mediocre but fast . it 's nothing worth day dreaming at the office hoping to go back to . it gets the job done . lol . cheap and affordable this place would be great for student budgets for sure ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love that it is so close to my house . i came here on a recommendation from a friend . great prices and good sized portions . the egg rolls are amazing ! i come here every other week for an order of pho !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closes early before 9pm and not open at all at times . dive far and get there and the place is closed early : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is cheap and decent amount of portions . but what they lack is customer service and a genuine one at that . i do n't know if it 's the asian culture , but they do n't really acknowledge you here after leaving food or refilling the water . a smile or a `` you 're welcome '' would be a start but they do n't do that here . they almost failed my refill drink test where i was out of water and they did n't refill the water till i complained . you guys serve the people with food and service as this area of the business restaurant requires it , or do n't serve anyone at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so glad this replaced the previous restaurant inside lee lee 's . my wife and i frequent this place alot . my absolute favorite is the pho bo kho ; beef stew with noodles . the depth and richness of the beef stew is so wonderful , then it comes with these wonderfully tender chunks of fatty beef . you got to check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have 3 pho spots here in arizona and this one is my second go to on my list . this place is inside of lee lee market and is directly to your left . they are closed on a random midweek day which kinda sucks but you ca n't complain that 's why you have more than one pho place . it 's a sit yourself restaurant and do n't expect to be greeted so kindly : ) that 's just the culture . i always go here with my friend for late dinner or early lunch . the food is fast and it 's fresh ! we always order the chicken pho and a plate of spring rolls . if your looking for a quick bite to eat or on a cold or rainy day this is your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband and i come here all the time ! i give it 4 stars because of the decor but the food and price is always great . there really is n't a pho place around that will serve you good pho for this cheap . we love it . service is very fast too . it 's more of a `` quick stop to eat '' kind of place not anything fancy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just okay . my fiance and i were shopping in the neighborhood so we decided to give it a try since there are so many good reviews . i ordered number 1 pho dac and she got 2a pho tai bo vien . we also wanted the egg rolls but the lady forgot to place our order . the phos came and they looked okay . the brisket in my soup was pretty good . nice flavor to them . i was disappointed with the broth though . it was more of a sweet broth . it was n't bad . but it was n't great . overall , just mediocre pho . there are definitely better places to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want a cheap and good vietnamese dinner , come here . their entrees are about $ 6 or $ 7 each . the portions are pretty good sized . i tried a little bit of pho , bun bo hue , banh xeo , hu tieu dac biet , and hu tieu xao . they were all delicious . my family told me that they always come here when they are lazy to make dinners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the clubhouse really does have some nice amenities for what you pay in hoa fees . however , the new management is lacking . they interrupted a workout once while i was lifting and another girl who was running just to make sure i had an access card . seriously ? you have to have a card to get into the building , what more do you need ? the pools were out of service for months on end and when i asked about them i was told spring time . spring came and went and when i went to inquire about them i was rudely told that they would be finished when they 're finished . it 's july and i think they have the pools open but i go somewhere else to do my laps . the management is quite rude . it 's too bad that a nice place has to be governed by bad management .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the worst hoa ive ever encountered . i work in hospitality industry and understand that sometimes people have a bad day and the service is lack luster . however , every time i go into the clubhouse for any reason at all , they are the rudest individuals . can anyone explain to me why both my husband and myself both have to present two seperate swipe cards while trying to go to the gym together ? we own the home and have both names listed in their system . they also have photos of us . they treat the home owners horrendously and i hope that it doesnt take me petitioning with other home owners to have this changed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if there was an option for no stars , that would be it . this hoa does not allow residents to park on the street . i agree , if the car just sits there and collects dust , it needs to go , but i own 2 cars , my roommates own 3 cars and thus we need to park on the street . when the office denied me any further parking passes they said rudely `` you just have to find somewhere else to park '' . so now we 're pressured to move out bc we ca n't park in front of our own homes . they waste a lot of money and time printing filling out these passes . residents should be able to park their vehicles in front of their homes , guests should need passes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so disappointed ! ! weve loved this clubhouse ... ..until today . beautiful saturday morning and we decided to take our 3 kids to play basketball . we show up just to find the court and the kids playground gates padlocked . not sure what my dues are paying for if we cant use the facilities with our kids at 10 am on a saturday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how can i not give my community clubhouse 5 stars ? a couple of pools , hot tubs , basketball , fitness center , party room ... and it 's all included in my hoa ? ! score !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in 2010 , my realtor brought me to this clubhouse and showed me the place , enticing me to get a house in yellowstone . the place was awesome . it has a pool , fitness center , room for private functions parties . the houses are also nice and the floor plans are really great . the hoa is a bit expensive compared to the other places at mountain 's edge , but its all worth it , with what u are getting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everytime . i mean everytime my family and i have to interact with the 2 hell hound hag 's at the front desk i want to put them in their places . the younger but some how more aged one especially . she 's so damn rude ! i feel like the community club house is run by nazis . i 'm sorry i know it 's in bad taste to bring up nazis but come on . fucking relax a bit . everyone pays good money to the hoa . why are we all treated like scum ? shit ladies smoke a bowl or something stop being so damn power hungry . side note this is a 4 star establishment . so 4 stars for the pretty environment . but all them stars crumble and turn to dust as soon as you run into the hags .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is no secret that parking has not been allowed on the streets since 2006 . some people dont bother to read the cc & rs . many of us moved to yellowstone because there is no parking allowed on the streets . unfortunately , they have loosened up the rules ... and i have a neighbor who is continuously parked on the street . they just rotate the cars . otherwise , the place is real cool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had the same experience as the others with the workers at the front desk ( i would give them a much higher rating ) . the pools are amazing and i love not having to maintain my own pool but we pay for it . i get to know the life guards every summer and everyone that i talk to say they will do whatever it takes to not come back the next summer . can we all try and remember what it was like to be a teenager and have a summer job ? maybe we can make it a little fun ? after the lifeguards walked out last summer the people that they got to `` fill in '' where horrible i ended up jumping in on one actuation ( fully clothed ) because they did n't see a child fall in !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . are n't they supposed to be working with residents and not against them . if i could give zero stars i would unfortunately .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off this place is amazing ! the onsite staff is incredibly detailed and friendly ! ! ! they go above and beyond to help make it great ! summer is coming pools hot tubs and a really nice fitness center excited to be apart of a treat neighborhood", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the clubhouse is big and the pools are nice . i 'm just mad the fitness center used to be open for 24 hours and now it closes early . it 's not accommodating to my schedule .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service . a target mobile associate was ringing up a customer and i stopped in knowing what i wanted ready to buy , she did not even greet me and immediately began texting on her phone . another target mobile rep approached me and asked if i needed some assistance i let him know what i needed to purchase was locked up and he then called someone over to assist . the associate came to the department and i pointed at the item and said `` i want that one . '' he then asked me , `` what do you want with it . '' um seriously ? sheesh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a sad target this has become . we lived near this location when it first opened many years ago and spent many hours happily shopping here . being in the neighborhood , i stopped in today and saw how rundown it 's become . how can an entire store feel grubby and smell like urine ? probably from the dirty looking industrial carpet throughout the store . the bathrooms looked and smelled worse . this location is due for an update . the shoe department was a mess . the employees i dealt with were not helpful . the high point was the large and relatively clean dressing rooms .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i went to the target store located at 1515 e warner rd , gilbert , az to purchase a kitchenaid knife set . the product is only available to be purchase at the store and not online . we went to the store to purchase the set at the clearance price . the customer service rep told us that they could not honor the price . we needed the set anyways and we paid the $ 80 instead of the clearance price of $ 50 . we did not make a big deal out of it because other customers were waiting . my girlfriend called customer service and they told her that we could return the product and that we could call back so they could process the order and that we could go and pick it up after that . too much hurdles to get the advertised price . not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was at the target on warner road in gilbert ready to check out at 8:30am on sunday . i had read that they put in self-service check out stands , but was confused when they were the only option to checkout on sunday . i even asked for an open cashier and was pointed to the self-service area . i had a coupon on my phone , that was n't ringing up , and had a few other issues and finally got so upset i left my purchases just sitting and walked out . i feel really bad for the people who lost jobs there as cashiers and especially for people checking out with large purchases or groceries ! after leaving my items i drove over to the super target on gilbert road to find almost the same thing there ! they did have one cashier open , but a target employee was trying to get people to leave her line and self-checkout ... no one was willing to do so . if i wanted to check myself out at a target - i would work there . target you lost my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the store was clean . i was greeted a couple times . cashier was friendly . selection seemed limited . i browsed through clothing but did n't see anything tempting enough to try on . prices seemed high for a target yet the styles were very basic . not a bad stop for essentials .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what is not to love about target . it 's the place where you pay a little more just so you do n't have to shop at walmart . always have a killer deal on clothes and the home decor is n't bad either . the location is great . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we shop here all the time but today decided to use the pharmacy . this is exactly what happened . i walked up the to counter and tech says `` who are you ? '' me : `` kim '' . tech : `` what do you need ? '' i 'm already irritated at this point . after i told her my daughter 's name 4 times ... .yes , 4 times ( with spelling and dob ) , she finally got it . i worked for target as a tech for 10 years before leaving and i ca n't believe that this is how they greet people now ... it absolutely made me feel as if i was a bother . seriously ... if `` who are you ? '' and `` what do you need ? '' is the first thing that comes out of your mouth when serving a customer , i think a more thorough course in customer service needs to be reviewed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have to voice my dislike of the black friday sale starting on thanksgiving day . i choose to skip shopping at target and enjoy my thanksgiving , to bad your employees could n't enjoy this great holiday . did n't get there on friday either because i actually went to stores that started the sale on black friday where it is meant to be . rethink for next year", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a target . you know the drill . clean , well stocked , good prices . i 'm a regular .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my least favorite location . customer service ladies always have such attitude and are unfriendly and thats the same with cashiers and sale floor employees . noone really seems to have direction or a clue where anything is at or what there inventory is.. i dread shopping here just because of the employees ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "30 day return policy is strictly enforced . even is they stock the same item and it is in unopened condition . i do n't like going to walmart but at least the return policy is reasonable there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why we keep coming back ? the high level of knowledge and education of the pharmacist and the wonderful customer service we have received . we have primarily dealt with dan and at times in his absense , the other associates were able to step in and make our experience seamless . it 's very refreshing to see this kind of team work ! the staff are very friendly & the place is super clean . no matter how busy his day is or short staff this place gets dan is always super patience , professional & has phenomenal work ethic ... ..does it all with a smile : ) we will be customers for life ! target pharmacy 1515 e warner road , gilbert az is our pick for all our prescription needs . thank you dan for all you do ! ! we really appreciate how accommodating , caring and always going the extra mile for your customers . we can tell how passionate you 're about where you work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been shopping at target for years , but just recently had the pleasure of discovering how easy it is to set up a gift registry . if the store does n't stock something that you want to add to your registry , it 's really easy to add it online or via your smart phone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finding help is difficult sometimes here . this one is always clean , and for the menfolk , there is always `` something to look at '' . ahem . just sayin ' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little pricy but the scenery is better than the competitor ... .. no military discount boo hoo", "score": "3"}
{"review": "target sells mostly cheap china crap . nothing is worth buying in this store or any target for that matter . very unamerican . the employees look & act like little robots , and are treated horribly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the best experience at this target location ! ! the manager , nick took great care of me , helped me understand some of the in 's and out 's of using coupons , and the cs staff was wonderful about explaining the red card and helped me learn about the apps on my smartphone ! i went to cs because there was an error on my receipt from earlier in the day and i wanted to understand what the computer was doing , so when shopping in the future , i would know what to expect ... ... .they made it right and the manager even made me a milkshake ! ! ! ! so i finished my shopping while enjoying a delightful treat ! ! ! you just do n't get customer service like that anymore ! ! nick , nate , allison and matt ... ... ..you guys rock ! ! ! ! thank you for making shopping a pleasure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picking up an online order from this target was a nightmare , the woman working the counter was obviously upset to be at work . they could not figure out how to get the chairs i ordered scanned properly . i had already paid for them but they needed to update their inventory , all while i 'm standing there for 20+ mins . just frustrating because target is a nice store , i shop here weekly . customer service dept has always struggled though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the store sales and its always very organized . only downfall is many tomes they do not have enough cashiers open or they wait lng before opening more but otherwise a pleasure . also the customer service dept is quick and friendly with returns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on memorial day with a coupon in hand for veteran 's . i did not read the fine print . they do not give discounts in nc , sc for veteran 's . service and food was good , but very disappointed that this organization cares so little about those who allow them to have free enterprise system .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "shocked . we have never had a bad steak here . no matter what temp ... medium rare to well , we have always had a good meal . until now . steaks so tough , we could n't chew them . service was not up to par . must have been an off night . ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only had to wait 20 minutes which was great for a saturday night . we have n't been here in a while , so we were excited because of course we love the bread . it 's literally the best . if you 've never been before you will love the bread . sadly the service was horribleeeeee . we got our bread after we got our food . our entrees came out within minutes after getting our salads , and my friend ordered an appetizer and it never came . we did n't get refills on our drinks until the end of our meal . when you 're a server your tips are your paycheck . i was a server for years , so i always leave 20 % or more ... but this was extremely unacceptable . will come back , but wish the service was better . hopefully next time it will be !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to logan 's on a friday at 1230 pm for lunch . first low rating 93 . not very busy lot of dirty tables had to wait . sat us at the wait station . bread very good and hot and fresh . steak over cooked ordered medium got it well done . ran out of beverage . not impressed", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the $ 4 off $ 20 is not valid in nc , sc , ga ... it should not be advertised on this site based on my location . the food here was great & i cleaned my plate ! i had the filet . the broccoli here is awesome ! great bartenders that took good care of us . not our first trip & wo n't be our last .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a great place for appetizers or dinner . the staff is friendly and helpful . when in gastonia this is one of my go to places to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very casual with peanut shells on the floor and can be low cost . love the `` everything salad '' adding steak strips or grilled chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far the best logan 's roadhouse ! ! our drinks were always refilled . the waiter was incredibly attentive . the food was amazing & for the price you just could n't beat it ! we absolutely ca n't say enough about this restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have an out of state id , they might refuse to serve you a beer or mixed drink , ir happen to my daughter . long story short she 's 32 and was refused even with her legal id from out of state and her nc birth certificate . and this was by the manager . have called several times and have not been called back yet , its been 2weeks , i guess they ca n't stand feedback .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the salads ! i came in on thursday lunch and john greeted me with his name and a menu immediately . he was very friendly and very attentive ! i will give him five stars. ! i will say i am used to having charlene wait on me at the bar . she knows my name knows what i drink and is extremely personable ! i was very sad to see that she does n't work there . after that long i do n't know what happened but i feel like you lost a great part of your business", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love , love , love logan 's i came & visit my southern family at least once a year & this is the place we go year after year ! i love the peanuts on the floor , the food , & the atmosphere ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is okay , but beware you can not use that $ 4 off $ 20 at this location or any in nc . i just found out the hard way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fist of all , the biscuits are amazing ! ! we never have trouble finishing off our small basket . they also have a bucket of peanuts on your table that you can eat and toss the shells on the floor . not the most fancy place , but it 's great for a casual date dinner . every time i have been here ( 3-4times now ) the staff has always been pleasant . the food is always up to standard . their salads are always fresh which is important to me ( i love a good salad ) . the steaks are cooked to your request , and i have n't had any issues with that here either !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely needed more wait staff for a sunday there are 15 or more tables open and we are had to wait for a table ... really ? not impressed ... .waited 30 minutes for a table due to staffing - no excuse , sorry . on the plus side , service was good , food was good , and salad was fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we always love logan 's roadhouse ! ! our waitress was alyson and she was great on a busy night . my wife loves the grateful dead drink in the bar . the bar staff is always great ! ! the food always delivers and we all love it , young and old ! i do wish that they would get some tv 's up for the games . to nice of a place to have to hunt a tv ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "45 min wait time but well worth it . was concerned with the avg reviews but glad we came . food was well above par and the service was great . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great sunday lunch at logan 's today . fast and responsive service . plenty of room for our party of 13 and 2 babies ! we would 've had to wait for 2 hours anywhere else , but we 're able to get seated quickly due to the upper seating area . with our large party we will be coming back here more often for sunday lunch . service and food was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i showed up here 30 minutes before closing on a sunday night after football . the staff was still very friendly and attentive , from the hostess to the waitress to the busboy . i had jst traveled for 7 hours , and it really lifted my spirits . unfortunately the chicken sandwich i ordered was super sub-par . it was a bear breast with some sauce put on the top that somehow managed to make it drier instead of more moist . overall a decent experience except for the sandwich . it would have got a 4 otherwise .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a nice date night at logan 's . we went on a monday night football kinda night . and although i could n't see the tv , the cowboys where loosing . i knew this because a `` regular '' and the bartender where both yelling at the screen . i would say other than this annoyance we had a nice time . food was cooked perfect , waitress was very friendly and helpful . if in gastonia i would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a combo with steak , ribs and shrimp and they were 0 for 3 . the sirloin was dry and had an off-taste like the meat was not fresh . ribs were badly overcooked and dry mushy meat , and the skewered shrimp arrived at the table cold and tough . on the positive side , they had good fresh-baked rolls . however the steamed vegetables were also overcooked . i do n't mind the peanut hulls all over the floor but i do mind the lousy food . will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was very good fast service if you going to have a steak brewski sirloin they are very good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while driving from south carolina back home to pennsylvania , my husband and i had a craving for logan 's roadhouse . since the closest one to our home is over an hour away , we decided to stop mid-way through our 10 hour drive for lunch at this location in north carolina . logan 's did not disappoint ! our waitress was a very sweet older woman who did a great job of checking on us a lot without being overbearing . first come the yeast rolls . oh . my . gosh . i just crave these fluffy , sweet , and buttery morsels ! we ate a ton of these rolls ( i 'm not revealing a number ) and both ordered caesar salads , sirloin steaks , and sweet potatoes . i think our bill was something ridiculously low , like $ 25 . the quantity and quality of food was definitely greater than the cost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our service was great when we first got in , then our food never showed up . eventually i asked for the check for our drinks and salads and the manager came over and told us she would be right out with our food . my steak was delicious . she did comp our meal ( which is not what i wanted but its a free meal and i was way ticked ) our server did come back to refill drinks and finally did apologize . but still she walked by like 6 times without acknowledging us or even thinking `` hey , it 's been 45 minutes why do n't they have their food ? ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this one is a mixed bag . they were very friendly , and offered a free soda or coffee while i sat in the car while they did the oil change . my truck takes 15 quarts of oil , and i only use full synthetic , and this was the most expensive oil change i 've ever had by a good $ 25 . it was over $ 90 . they checked and topped off fluids , which was nice . however , i specifically asked them if the wiper blades needed to be replaced , they looked at them and said they were fine . a few weeks later when they were n't working well in a storm , i checked them myself , and they were dried and cracked to the point that they were separating from the wiper arm . i would not use them again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i needed an oil change before a weekend road trip . figured i 'd give them a shot . i was pleasantly surprised by the speed and the service . i sat in my truck while the employees changed the oil , topped off fluids and checked the tires . they even offered me a free soda while i waited . the whole procedure took less than 10 minutes . i 'll more then likely be back in 3000 miles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a bit skeptical about this place when it first opened up , but when my normal oil change place fell through on me this place came to my rescue . pretty much drive in , you wait in your car while it get serviced so you do n't have to get out at all . they do offer you snacks and refreshments . i was still freaked out that someone was working on my car while i was still inside of it , maybe i thought i would accidentally hit the gas and hurt someone [ so no refreshments for me ] . overall my stay there was about 10min - they had me fixed up and going in no time . will i come back ? probably . i will probably not wait until the final hour of my oil to change it though - just one of those things that is important to keep up with since we depend on our vehicles a lot to make it through the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading the reviews i was hopeful about this place . when they started working on my car the employees kept making comments and snickering in my direction . i kept asking what was so funny and the guy just said his manager was a funny guy . they told me i had a leak and recommended an additive to add to my oil to stop the leak . worst mistake i ever made . having issues with my oil pressure now . i also had an issue with my coolant being low after a week of them working on my car . i just filled it up myself . i do not recommend this place . seems real shady .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only good thing about this place is that they are quick . 2 times they claimed to have topped of all fluids but did n't even open the windshield fluid . had to go back to get them to top it off . also they did n't even check my air filter , i knew it was dirty and made them replace it when i went back for windshield fluid .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "professional and courteous does n't make up for inept . had oil change before a long trip and headed from take 5 to goodyear for a tire balance . that turned out to be my fortune . goodyear reported a substantial oil leak and it turned out to simply be the plug not tightened in oil pan . they tightened , oil leak stopped and i headed on my way . wont return . ca n't jeopardize damage from an oil leak or even an ugly oil stain in my driveway . sorry this happened cause the speed of the oil change at take 5 is wonderful . maybe they were too fast . : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paid around $ 48 for a high-mileage oil change , not even with synthetic . that was after an $ 8 coupon ! all three lanes were open with only a car or two in each and i still had to wait fifteen minutes , so it 's more like take 30 oil change after everything is done . the mechanic was pretty spacey , i started getting nervous when he started poking around at my engine . he offered me a drink , which i read on the sign outside , was included . cool , whatever , i thought , i 'll get a can of soda while i 'm waiting . nope , he comes back with a small paper cup of soda , like the kind of cup you used for your fluoride mouthwash in elementary school . i was hoping to get a cool quick lube experience like a place out in la i would go to , but this place is a joke .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent , quick service ! i went on a weekday at 7am and was in and out in 20min . they change your oil , top off fluids , check tires and clean the windshield ! reasonably priced and exceptionally convenient . update : just came in for my second oil change here . the service was excellent , it took less than 20min total , and there was a $ 10 off special on all oil changes . i really appreciate how fast and pleasant the experience is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never in my life of owning a car have i been charged $ 88 for an oil change for a 4 cylinder car ! i warned my husband he better not ever wait until the oil is at 2 % to scramble going wherever . that price is obscene ! i warn anyone looking to go here to first get a quote . $ 88 people ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted to commend mike mcclain for taking such good care of my car . i have never used this service before but mike did a great job explaining the service and walked me through it . he was also training a new employee and juggled serving me as a customer while also training a new employee with such finesse . it was really great service and i 'll be back again for a refill . i hope the manager of this location watched yelp because i think mike should be congratulated on a job well done . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible ! i went to this location for an oil change that is now costing me a few thousand dollars to fix . my car stop working on the highway and had to be towed to the dealer . the dealer stated they left my oil filter loose and now i have to buy a new engine . to add insult to injury , they are telling me that they will not reimburse me for their negligence . needless to say i have acquired counsel and will have to take legal action against them . a waste of time and money that i dont have . their technicians are not equipped to work on any automobile and they take no responsibility for their mishaps .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 minutes ... ..more like wait in your car for 30 min while cars that pull in after you go before you . literally 3 cars that were after me had gotten their oil changed and left before me . none of the employees came to my car to give me an explanation . the only time someone came up to my car was to ask me to turn my headlights off . i waited so long that i ended up reversing and leaving . very unprofessional . would n't recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in and out in about 20 minutes ! i know it 's called take 5 , but my car had some ... let 's say ... issues . so 20 minutes was great as far as i was concerned . nathan and anthony were great to hang out with while i sat in my car getting the oil changed . they provided me great customer service and a few good laughs . i was really surprised that they will top off your oil between changes for free . bonus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in charlotte for business and i use the take 5 in greensboro regularly , so i thought i would give this one a try . tyler and nathan were the two guys working on my car and they were awesome . the guys gave me the same quality service and work that i get at my hometown location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "take 5 oil change saved the day for me . i was long overdue for an oil change and about to go on a trip . i had to get it done that morning and i was delighted to find a drive-thru spot . i wanted no more than 5 minutes to pull in . they were very nice and quick . it was kind of pricey but i knew i was paying for convenience . they even washed my window ! that was a nice touch . i would recommend take 5 if you are in a hurry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've taken both of my vehicles here several times and have always been pleased with the service . the manager even fixed a stripped out oil pan plug at no extra charge ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "take 5 is a good place to get your oil change . i have visited other locations and this was my first here . the concept is really good and i like the fact that you stay in your vehicle . they were busy when i pulled up to the bay so there was a little wait ( nothing too bad ) . when i got in for service , time flew by and i was done quickly . overall service was good but i wish that they would have asked some additional questions . i felt that i needed to lead the person through the process ( what i wanted ) . would return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the nicest dudes work here . i was in and out in about the same time as filling up my gas tank . clean facility , a little pricier than most places , but guess what ? worth it . thanks take 5 . will return , will recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and informative ! they were clear about the prices and options for oil . also gave clear instructions for resetting my change oil light .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! great customer service and service overall . might be slightly pricier than `` normal '' oil changes but it 's worth not having to get out of your car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an oil change that takes five minutes and i do n't leave my car ? a little awkward but i will gladly pay a tiny bit more for this convenience . i had budgeted my whole one hour lunch break for an oil change before an out of town trip . i was in and out in less than five minutes . would i pay less with my regular guy ? yes . however , for a place around the corner from my office this place could be a good every once and a while for a stop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast service and quick like they said but needs to be more upfront on costs first . before they even mentioned pricing or anything they had already drained my oil and started forcing me to get one of the most expensive oil changes they offered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "take 5 is fast and friendly but they are overpriced . $ 50 for a basic oil change , that 's almost $ 15 more than i would pay at other places .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . i come here regularly for oil changes on both cars . i also take advantage of their free top off service for my older car . but today my visit was for an emergency , and their service could n't have been better . my car was overheating yesterday , so i added coolant and attempted to drive to my mechanic early this morning . i did n't make it very far before the engine started overheating again . i pulled in to take 5 for help . tyler and his staff cooled my engine down with a water hose and i called aaa for a tow . they offered me a beverage and even checked on me while i was waiting . thanks tyler for the great service you guys provide even after the sale . to quote arnold , `` i 'll be back '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i working in media advertising , dealing with photo shoots often and when my grandmother told me we were going here for our family portrait , i was slightly enthused because of the non-traditional photography studio environment they provide . wow , was i wrong . the session was horrible . the photographer -- only a professional because he is paid to take pictures , not because of his skill , was horrible . the store manager , horrible . get the idea ? these people do not know what they are doing and have a difficult time posing and shooting a group . if you are taking your kid to them , it might be better , but do n't go to them for a group -- that not in their wheelhouse . unfortunately , my family does not live close , so we will have to wait for year to try again- i think we will just hire a wedding photographer to take the photos , at least they will have some skill with groups .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to the studio needing a single photograph with a white background for a grad school application . the price for a single digital photo was $ 70 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the whole process took 3 hours with an appointment ! ! these people are scam artist ! ! they said the cheapest package was $ 350 . i would recommend going to a place where they show you the packages up front so you do n't waste your time and money . alona ( or something like that ) was our photographer . she was very short and we felt like we were inconveniencing her . overall it was n't a good experience ! avoid this place unless you have a really good coupon !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the idea is great portrait services in short order . but , we were n't seen until a good half hour or more past are appointment time . while our `` photographer '' was pleasant enough she was clearly not a well-trained photographer . she made no adjustment of lights and it shows in our photos and there are some deep shadows , odd crops , and parts of faces overexposed . what she was really there to do was sell photo packages and it 's all about upsell , upsell , upsell . as i said she was pleasant enough and knew how to take `` no '' for an answer so that annoyance was avoided . overall , however , the quality is just subpar . i think you could get better portraits from a high school photography class .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this time , this place was much more organized and the photographer was a lot better . i had a coupon for $ 50 off a package deal ... the photographer never pressured us to get more . she was very nice and did n't act like she had too much caffeine like the last photographer we encountered here . we needed pix for the relatives and this place is actually nicer and cheaper than the studio that leases space in target . i 'm glad we gave them another chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there with family group of 7 . yes the pricing is deliberately confusing and the review a bit stressful , but i was very satisfied with the end result .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy this place ... they take tons and tons of photos for you to choose from ... they do only have 2 studios for shooting but it was n't a big deal..the staff was super friendly and extremely helpful with my 1 year old daughter..our pictures were done after 20 mins and turned out amazing..but i will say they are a tad bit pricey but worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best chicken and egg biscuit in charlotte . yep . i said it . this menu had so many yummy choices . but i decided to give this sandwich a try with a few modifications . i switched the biscuit for a baguette , asked for my egg to be fried hard and asked for the cheerwine sauce on the side . when it arrived to the table they got my order right and everything was nice and hot ! but to be honest this sandwich is so good it deserves to be ordered with no modifications ! next time i 'm ordering it just like they make it . the chicken is very well seasoned and so crispy . and the cheerwine sauce is heavenly . i need them to bottle that up and sell it ! i can not wait to enjoy every . single . bite . again ! ! ! get yourself here for this sandwich ! i can guarantee you will not regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spend many of my days at 7th . st. market . it 's definitely one of my favorite spots in charlotte . so , it 's unfortunate how consistently terrible local loaf is . adam and his staff are always unfriendly and inattentive . this morning i decided to give them another go after many bad experiences with cold `` biscuits '' that look like dinner rolls and long waits and again they served a cold biscuit after a 10 minute wait and others being served ahead of me . i think they have potential but they do not care about their customers . for all my bad experiences i have never been apologized to or asked if i wanted my money back . i have given them so many chances and today is the last straw . do n't go here . bring your own breakfast to the market during the week or eat cookie cult cookies from njc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place , a real gem ! a must do in charlotte . in a very cool market that you can explore while you wait for your food . friendly staff is always appreciated . best burger we 've had in a long time . it comes with a tomato jelly ? what ? delicious . all fresh ingredients , made to order . comes with home made potato chips .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm dumbfounded reading these other reviews because my food was awful . i ordered the chicken and the egg . the chicken tenders were the quality of any chain restaurant-overbreaded and stringy . the bbq sauce was way to sweet-i could barely detect any flavor over the sweetness . the biscuit was pretty good considering . i also tried the croque monsieur . the ham was so incredibly sweet it was gross . the `` bread '' was like a sweet burned pancake . and for the grand finale ... ... the chips were burned . on both orders . they were the color of a chocolate bar . i think with chain restaurants they put a lot of sugar in everything because that is the perceived american palette..but this place is not a chain , so i expected good food and i was very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i must say that in addition to the baguettes ( still amazing ) , i 've sampled a few other items at local loaf and i love them all . - veggie sandwich . it brings tears to my eyes , it 's so good . a super thoughtfully constructed vegetarian offering that is worth its weight in gold . - croque monsieur sans ham . the b\u00e9chamel sauce along sets this sandwich apart from the rest . perfectly seasoned and mouth-wateringly tempting . you wo n't be sorry if you order this one . - blueberry peach pancakes . i must confess that i did n't even touch the syrup served with these bad boys . did n't need it . they were really moist , and the sweetness of the peaches paired with the fresh blueberries made my breakfast just exactly what i had hoped for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the thing that sets this place apart from another sandwich shop is that they bake their own bread . the burger i had was also really light for being meaty and bacon-y , thanks to all the greens and light fluffy bread . but despite the localness of it all , my burger was n't my most memorable sandwich . however , that does n't mean you should n't check this place out . the environment is chill and sitting outside is definitely a plus . the staff was really attentive and super quick to bring out our food . i would n't say local loaf is the most amazing , mind blowing place to get food , but it 's definitely not at the bottom of the list either . it 's a great place for a light lunch with an environment that is easy to relax with friends or catch up on some work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i got 2 sandwiches , and both were quite disappointing - the philly cheesesteak and the chef 's veggie special . the philly cheesesteak just had some kind of weird squirted cheese on it , not real cheese . it tasted like cheese-flavored mayo , in a bad way . the steak pieces were also weirdly large for a cheesesteak . and the veggie sandwich had some kind of grainy veggie loaf -- weird texture , flavor , etc . edible , sure , but all around odd . 2 stars instead of 1 because the bread was great . maybe their other sandwiches are good , i dunno . but not these two .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used a groupon for this restaurant . i did not know what to expect . i loved the hot steak sandwich . however , i did not care for the chicken egg combination . not a fan of the house chips . i will go back but next time i will try something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "two visits here and have been very happy both times . had the chicken and the egg the first time and the croque madame the second time . both were cooked perfectly and had a terrific combination of flavors and textures . my wife both times got the pancakes . she is a pancake connoisseur and judges these among the finest she has eaten . flavor , texture all just right . it is $ 6.50 for two so they had better be good ! the only downside is that they serve all of their food on cutting boards . this works well for a sandwich , but not as well for things that have runny eggs or syrup . both times my wife was not able to utilize her syrup well because pouring the syrup would have made it run off the cutting board onto the table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steak , egg & cheese breakfast sandwich ... delicious ! the bread was the perfect mix of hard outside and soft inside . the steak was tender , hot and flavorful . i wish we would have been able to go back the following day to try the chicken breakfast sandwich ! everything looked amazing ! the staff was super friendly , and the food came out very quickly . i will be going back next time i 'm in charlotte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "three stars on price . four stars for the food . five stars for the chicken and the egg breakfast ! ! everything was perfectly prepared . atmosphere was that of the european market .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i make a stop to the 7th street public market at least once a week and local loaf is my go to spot ! the food is amazing and staff is great . they 've recently been carrying more pastries and there homemade croissants are to die for ! the sandwiches are all so delicious and so unique ! the turkey in the rye is my favorite right now , or the hot steak ! i just ca n't chose ! ! the sandwiches are so well crafted with tons of amazing favors . no offense , but these masterpieces are not for the simple pallet . try everything that comes on them ! they were made that way for a reason , trust me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went out of our way to visit local loaf . went to polka dot bakery first , and to ll for lunch . we ordered a reuben to split . what a disappointment ! $ 9 for what ? a very small ( size of plain loaf bread ) sandwich that had practically no meat . the little bit of corned beef was chopped , like it was for hash . there was n't even the equivalent of of 2 regular slices of meat . sandy said it looked like what you get from a can . there were gobs of the dressing which tasted like mustard , some cheese and a little kraut . the bread was ok , but i would n't pay $ 9 for 2 small slices of bread . again , very disappointed ! probably wo n't be back ! and , no , i do n't work for the competition . i will say , it was one of the only places with no line .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped here for breakfast while in town and was n't disappointed . ordered the steak sandwich for $ 10 , a little pricey . the steak was cooked perfectly and had good flavor . i was n't a huge fan of the sauce ( a horseradisch and i think jalapeno aoili ) . it was n't spread evenly enough and when i did get a big bite of it it was a huge shock lol . the house smoked mozz was a good touch though . all in all a very good breakfast sandwich , but a little on the pricey side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow - i tried the chicken and the egg for lunch here . this sandwich was stacked on a biscuit and topped with some of the most delicious fried chicken in the world ( not exaggerating ) . on the other side of the biscuit was a perfectly cooked fried egg . with a side of pickled cucumbers , which had just enough punch to be a refreshing taste alongside the heavy and savory sandwich , this was perfect . it was also reasonably priced for how enormous it is . it was kind of difficult to eat , but with a fork and knife i perservered . i barely was able to finish this thing , but do n't worry ... i made it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice staff , the blonde girl ( i did n't get her name : ( ) was super nice and helpful when suggesting things to order . i tried the breakfast burrito and it was just okay . i 'd say about two stars factoring in the price . it was an okay portion but lacked any real flavor , i could only eat about half of it before my stomach could handle no more , which was disappointing considering it topped $ 10 . the tortilla did taste good too . they were out of fruit but thanks to the girl working , i chose a great replacement ... the house made chips were wonderful and i did eat all of those partially because i was very hungry but also because they were good . extra star is for service , they really are very helpful.i do n't think however that i would be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "needed to kill time this morning while my hotel was prepping my room so i yelped and found local loaf for breakfast . they had an offer for 15 % off too ! the service was great and my entree was prepared quickly . i had the biscuit and gravy with a side of scrambled eggs . the biscuit was homemade and huge ! they slice it and cover it with a homemade slightly spicy light brown gravy ... . not your typical white sawmill gravy . i liked it , though ! the biscuit was just a little sweet so the savory gravy went well with it . my eggs were cooked perfectly , not too runny or overdone , and perfectly seasoned with salt and pepper ( no need to add more ) . the gravy also went well with the eggs . i would visit again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken and the egg . the chicken is so juicy and the white cheddar and cheerwine sauce are a perfect compliment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to a play next door and stopped by here thinking it was reid 's fine foods . ( been that long ! ) it was such a welcome and pleasant surprise to see this awesome market and decided to lunch at this place . i had the croque monsier with a tomato soup . the egg and sauce was perfect , the bread grilled to perfection and it was such a lovely sandwich . the soup was flavorful and hot . my husband had the cuban and loved his . the owner made my daughter a wonderful `` special '' shake that had her beaming . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoy their french toast and chicken and egg sandwich . never had a bad meal from here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken & the egg is the best breakfast sandwich i 've ever had . seriously delicious . it 's the only thing i 've ever gotten here , but local loaf deserves 5 stars just for this sandwich alone . the biscuit , egg , chicken and sweet glaze all tie the flavors in really nicely . it 's located in the 7th street public market among some other small businesses . best thing to do is park in the garage and you can bring your ticket to get validated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a friday lunch time , and the waiting lane was only two or three people . but i waited 30 minutes after placing a order of salad . is that hard to prepare a salad ? it looks like they completely forgot my order . i was hungry , but now i have no mood to eat anymore because this long waiting period . lunch time is ruined . i asked them to refund the money , and they did . bad experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stumbled into the 7th street market after my flight from dc super hungry . i ordered the chef veggie sandwich based off my craving for the honey chipotle hummus spread listed as part of the sandwich on the menu . i picked the cucumber salad as my side . what a winning combo ! ! not only were the veggies and bread super fresh , but the hummus did not disappoint . the cucumber salad was a great combo of vinegar and dill , which i could have slurped up in its entirety if i was n't in a public setting . so good ! ! ! i 'm glad jerris ( spelling ? ) took my order even though they looked like they were closing shop . not only was the food delicious , but the customer service set the standard for southern hospitality . i want to come back and taste the ham & brie sandwich , which was my second choice off the menu . a++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! we had the biscuits and gravy and the french toast and both were fantastic . it was wonderful having a coffee place inside too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a good way to spend some hours for myself . i enjoy their sandwiches and salads over breakfast . i am rooting for this place because every time i 'm here , i always had a great time . i am hoping to be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was n't bad , but it was priced too high and very hard to eat . i do n't mind good , stick-to-your-bones food that is sloppy ... . but this was not the case . they just put their food on a piece of wood , essentially , and half my fries had fallen off by the time i got to the table ( they do n't give you many to begin with ) . their chicken-and-the-egg is also just very hard to eat and it kind of took away from the experience because all the ingredients were falling all over the place . not great . i wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great customer service i felt very cared for . their recommendations were good . their burger is a must try as are their fries which are crunchy goodness . their presentation is all done on cutting boards which is a nice touch . the salmon burger was just ok . the she crab soup was boring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome as always . their steak and egg sandwich is absolutely dominate . the serve it with a cucumber salad which is also solid . you great get value for your dollar there as the sandwich is 10 bucks . you also get 15 % off by checking in on here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum . delicious food . we tried the chicken & egg sandwich and the steak & egg sandwich , both of which were very tasty - although the amazing bread kind of overshadowed the fillings . i would not , however , recommend the grits as they were kind of bland and lumpy . the homemade potato chips were much better . we came for brunch on a saturday and it took about 10-15 minutes to get our food . i 'll be back if i find myself in charlotte again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the croque madam and chicken and the egg . both were great dishes ! what i liked most is the description matched exactly with what was delivered . the service was great , and the complete dishes had various ingredients that were highlighted based on the bite . croque madam is extremely rich , you 've been warned : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food and quality . staff was friendly . 4 stars because i found them a little pricy . for $ 15 i thought i would 've gotten more food than a 6in sub and a cup of soup . i understand the concept of quality over quantity but a 15 dollar sandwich i would expect to see in a restaurant , not a an order out place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is now one of my favorite brunch places in charlotte . we got the chicken & the egg and the croque madame . both were absolutely delicious and i ca n't wait to go back . the service was fast and brought to your table in the market . this was better than the sit down restaurants that try to do brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to the local loaf and had to try what they are most know for , their chicken and the egg breakfast ! it was very good , it was like two separate dishes in one on one side you had the egg , microgreens , and some of their glaze . the other side was amazing chicken tenders , aged white cheddar , and their glaze . my personal favorite was the tender side . i also got a blueberry cream danish that was fantastic as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good , they are creative and are also risk takers ... ..sometimes it pays off really well but let 's not walk out without a net", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere . last weekend i went to the 7th street market for the first time . local loaf was highly recommended , so i ordered the chef 's waffles . this plate came with blueberry waffles , two slices of bacon and eggs . the waffles were soft and layered with an icing ! the only thing i wish was that i had some syrup - not because the waffle needed it but because i just love syrup . definitely come here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here was very good . i had the chicken and the egg and it was amazing . definitely not your average chix biscuit . the cucumber salad went very well with this dish . there are plenty of menu items and baked goods to try from and the staff is extremely helpful when ordering . great hospitality . will definitely return soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy working was so attentive and kind ! ( i wish i got his name.. ) he offered to help answer any questions we had about the market and the restaurant . great service and such a memorable experience ! we ended up ordering from his restaurant and i got the veggie broccolini burger with a side of pickled cucumber . my mom got the pancetta sandwich with the soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i went to 7th street market seeking a nice spot for brunch . there was a large variety of options on the local loaf menu so we decided to check it out . ultimately , i was not a huge fan of the chicken + ( poached ) egg , although my friend loved it . i think this meal would have been much better if the egg was scrambled . the homemade chips were pretty good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we visited the seventh street market on a sunday morning . i had their croissantwich . it is a toasted croissant sandwich with scrambled egg , bacon , and cheese . customers order at the counter and get a number to display at their table in the open marketplace . when the food is ready , it is delivered to your table . although this was n't exactly a healthy meal , i did enjoy it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love coffee and i am quite the fan of starbucks as well . i was very pleased that there was a new drive through option before we got on the highway to come home . we got in line , we ordered , we waited and i was caffeinated . ahhhhhhhh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so ... update . starbucks apparently has 'enforcers ' who then come onto yelp and harass anybody who gives them a bad review . i 've now had two separate people private message and or ahem `` compliment '' me and calling me names that i 'm pretty sure yelp would n't approve of . so the attitude thing ? yeah . that 's pretty much even more pronounced now . it 's funny because i have other not-so-positive reviews on here and nobody has ever stooped to name calling or threats . what exactly is up with that ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a good starbucks with great service . the only thing is that the location of the parking lot really sucks . if there are a lot of cars , consider yourself stuck there . i usually park on the gravel on the side . it 's very congested . i 've tried working in the starbucks and it can just be very noisy and crowded . while i do n't mind noise , this is a heavy traffic area so it can be a little overwhelming . nice employees but the atmosphere is crazyyyy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starbucks came out with a newer mobile ordering feature . you use that and order in advance and by the time you get to the store your order is ready . its highly useful especially for an always busy location like this one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fun experience here , plus the cashiers are too questioning about my frappaaccino , and wanted to police why mine had whipped cream on it ! if you want rude , uppity , customers and employees blabbering about b.s . and life during their downtime , while 1 barista busted her ass to get drink orders out , please stop here . also , this city had the same frickin sales tax rates and the whole state of tn and cities like l.a. ! must be all those poor , little rich college students who live here ! who do n't care about paying it . ridiculous what cities can add on top of state taxes ... .anyway , i would n't bother with this starbucks again , if i 'm in the area ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dirty and slow ! i ordered on starbucks app and it actually should be ready when i arrived at the store but my coffee was never ready in 10 minutes !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "starbucks , i really do like you because the coffee is dark & intense . but this location is hit or miss . it 's perpetually crowded . my drinks are slightly incorrect about a third of the time . there 's almost always a line . parking is cramped & the lot is definitely full on weekends . flies inside the shop keep landing on me & my drinks . while i do like a strong drink , this particular venue is n't my favourite .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slowest service of any starbucks i 've been through for drive-through and in-store ... barista 's have zero sense of urgency and this is an obvious annoyance written on the face of the customers.. once you are in the drive through line there is no escape , so be prepared for a 20 to 25 minute wait . location is as poor as it could possibly be at the north end of prospect , so just getting to this starbucks requires driving through seven levels of hell and 243 stop lights . if you are looking for an alternative on prospect , einstein bagels is much much more accessible , affordable and even a higher quality coffee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "has to be the slowest starbucks i 've ever been to . they literally made one of our two drinks then made another order of two drinks before making our second drink . this store is either way under staffed or half the help is just really slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered my 2x yr holiday exception to my non-fat rule here this morning : venti non-fat ( milk ) caramel brul\u00e9 with extra caramel & an extra shot . they forgot the syrup altogether ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the personal is friendly but the coffee is average.. long lines for drive trough . looks like a cyber internet cafeteria .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely awesome ! i dropped in for my favorite iced caramel macchiato and it was prepared quickly and perfectly . the drive-thru line was long but the lobby , not a single person in line with a few folks scattered throughout the place . the staff was great too . the place was clean and up to code lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super slow & rude service , for the fact that no one was ahead of me in store but drive thru orders it still took more than 10 mins to get my drink . need to work on speed of service and good customer service skills instead of chit chatting with coworkers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just been to the drive thru but this one is much cleaner and faster than the campus one", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you sbux . we needed you on a long drive . service was friendly , coffee was sbux standard . drive thru was not busy . a bit hard to find off the interstate . gps was telling us it was walmart ( the horror ! ) but it was n't , just closer to the road than the big box . look for the lovely green mermaid sign .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad drivethrough setup so i went inside . employees are extremely curt . no customer service training at all . i ordered a black coffee and the register person forgot to get it ( its okay , it happens ! ) but when the line died down , i went to ask someone for it , and it turned into a game of hot potato with my tall coffee . i dont care who gets it , just give me what i paid for . it was a little obnoxious , after being patient for awhile ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the batista 's are always nice and friendly . i 'm fairly new to trying starbucks and they always help me try new things . i 'm definitely a coffee adict now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out of the 3 locations in champaign urbana that i know of , this is probably my 2nd favorite ( 1st being the location inside barnes & noble ) . the inside is small but accommodating if you stay in . i personally only go through the drive thru at this location in particular . the parking lot is ridiculously tiny . as i was going through the drive thru , a woman was trying to back right into my car trying to force her way out ! i could n't believe it ! ! i was clearly directly behind her . she still tried backing up and tried making several 3 point turns if you will to turn around and get out . she still had to wait until the line in drive thru became shorter because there was another car next to hers where she parked so she was boxed in . the drive thru was extremely slow but i appreciated that the menu had plenty of items unlike the one on s neil st .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this starbucks ! the staff is super friendly . should you decide not to drive-thru ( which is usually a great choice ) , the inside is cozy- opposed to the treacherous parking lot . the drive-thru menu is missing quite a few items . the options are there , so have no fear-just ask : ) ... ... free wi-fi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been pleased with the quality of my drinks here . service has been ok and prices are the starbucks norm", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely my favorite starbucks in champaign ! maybe i 'm bias since i know the manager brandon but regardless the employees are all very friendly and fun . if you ever have a problem with your drink they will follow the barista rule with out a single complaint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "understaffed . placed priority on the drive-through patrons & ignored people in line inside for a solid 10 minutes . then they were really curt & had an attitude the whole time serving customers in line , treating every patron like they were a bother despite no one in line warranting that kind of treatment . the only reason my guest & i did n't leave was because it was literally pouring outside . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i worked for this particular starbucks during the summer of 2012 , so i might be a little biased with my opinions here , please keep that in mind . the manager has always stressed keeping a clean and presentable store lobby , and the current baristas , as well as those i worked with in 2012 , have always been very quick and efficient at making quality drinks . i have been visiting the drive-thru at times this summer ( 2014 ) , without letting the current partners know that i previously worked for the store and their manager ( brandon ) , and the quality of service drinks i have received has been phenomenal compared to most of my experiences at other starbucks locations . the store is a bit out of the way , unless you are in or around the north prospect area , but if you are looking for a good place to study or get some work done while guzzling down some caffeine , i suggest heading here above almost all other coffee shops in champaign urbana .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the friendliest starbucks i have ever been to . i was visiting il with a friend to do research , and we came to this starbucks each morning to load up on caffeine . sarah was extremely helpful and friendly each morning , and she really made us feel at home . a great place to stop and go in rather than zip through the drive-through .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the starbucks on prospect is always fast and friendly , i have never had any issue going there with their drinks or their food . i recommend there spinach feta wrap , it is delicious . their parking lot can be a challenge as there is only one way in and out and it is rather narrow with the added challenge of the drive-thru exiting in the same place . they picked a horrible spot to put their dumpster as it makes this a 3 way blind corner . so drive careful and try not to take a giant truck in there to park , you will have a tough time of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually drive through for a frappacino and find the service consistently good . i find my starbucks card handy for payment and enjoy the occasional free drink reward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very slow anymore ! in the last 3 months i have waited 15 min just at the window . inside is no better it takes them 30-40 min to make a drink . they are out of half of their product . 3 people stand around not sure what to do all they can say is i ca n't make any thing but frappes sorry . i think a district manager needs to come in and in force training . this is crazy for peak hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow service.. dirty restaurant ... pass on this one ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here often for my iced chai latte & to study ! ! the baristas are kind , courteous and knowledgeable , especially a young lady named lexi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the starbucks in c-u i 'll drive out of my way to go to just cause i never have issues here . all the other locations seem hit in miss with their drinks and service , but this locations has constantly good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "novemburrrrrrrrrr ..endjoying a # egg # nog # latte..on it first seasonal debut.nice place..awesome service here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service ! been going here for about 3 months . very kind staff & perfect baristas ! so far no disappointments : ) : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst starbucks i have ever been to . been to this location twice . the first was last fall . i tried a new beverage and chalked it up to that , but after this visit , i know that these people do n't know how to make anything from the starbucks menu . watered down and sour beverages !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best starbucks ever ! everybody is always very friendly . they make us regulars feel at home . i usually have a starbucks ( sometimes two ) every day so i visit this one often . i can honestly say the service at this location is exceptional compared to many others i 've been in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wan na thank people who work there , they have found my wallet and returned it to me . it 's good to see that we still have such kind of people around . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy we finally have a starbucks on this end of town ! i love it . and yea , it might be a tad slow , but to be fair , this place is always packed so any complainers need to chill out . and also , the two times my drinks were messed up , i got them for free . though i will say some of their food is hardly ever on the menu which is frustrating . all in all , it 's still worth going to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really awesome , falling-off-the-bones bbq and the owner is really personable and he takes time to answer any questions you might have . he is so friendly and he always makes me feel like he really appreciates me trying anything from yinzburgh bbq . i love the afterburner sauce . i could just drink it i also like the hot honey . i 've tried pulled pork , chicken , and ribs and they were all so delicious . as sides i 've tried cole slaw , collard greens , and chili-q . chili-q is something in between of baked beans and chili . it 's so flavorful . the only thing for me is that it is somewhat pricy for a poor college student like me . so every time i go it 's such a treat for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had food catered from here at a work event - could n't have been more pleased ! i do n't know much about southern food , but i rarely find it to be super veg-friendly . the collard greens were just the right mix of garlicky and vinegary , and i really enjoyed the black-eyed peas . the mac and cheese was flavorful , although the sauce had congealed somewhat by the time i got to it . the real showstopper was the smoked tofu . i know , i know , it sounds like a crazy thing to eat , even if you like tofu . but , it was really , really delicious . the smoke gave the tofu a nice skin , and it tasted woody . they captured that real smokey flavor that i have n't had since i first went veg . i 'm definitely going to check this place out in person !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot in pittsburgh ! everything made from scratch and staff dedicated to their service . they took time to have us try all their sauces before we ordered and explained their bbq . will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yinzburg bbq is one place my husband , a meat-lover , and i , a vegan , can always happily agree on ! the tofu q-rito is excellent . it 's a generous serving , and the leftovers make for a great next-day lunch . my husband loves the chicken and the macaroni and cheese . the homemade bbq sauces are so delicious , i really hope they start bottling them someday ! this place truly has something for everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the brisket & pulled pork . both were a little dry for my taste . also , without sauce , neither had much flavor . this leads to my next issue . the sauces ( i tried red & hot ) were overly seasoned & grainy . basically the experience was like eating herbs and spices on mystery protein . perhaps they had a bad day . the place is close to my home , so i 'll give them a second chance . i did n't have any sides ... will have to try them next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ahhhh ! ! real-life southern barbecue ! ! oh me oh my . i felt like i was taking the pork right off of a big ol ' pig on a grill and listening to bluegrass with my barefeet in the grass . now i 'm not talking delicious-super-fancy-hoity-toity delicious , i 'm talking about authentic , good , solid , food . i would have gone with 4 stars except the service is amazing . the owner -- he 's friendlier and better with names than i am -- talked with us in detail about which sauce we should choose , and let us sample his sides before choosing one . i do n't normally go to too many restaurants more than once or twice , because my budget does n't allow me to eat out much and i like to try new things . but the owner 's friendliness has put this on my go-to list . i had pork sans sandwich with the georgia-style honey-mustard-based sauce . mmmmmm . so good . so filling . the coleslaw is purple : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small new bbq place in pitt ! the owner who was very very nice and attentive to us , gave us a little history behind why he chose to open up this place , he also explained his way of cooking all the meats ! everything made here is fresh and prepared family style and ala cart . he also let us taste all the different bbq sauces he had which were all homemade and different from your normal everyday bbq sauce ! unique is what comes to mind dining here . i had the brisket sandwich with mac and cheese , cole slaw , collard greens and corn bread ! the meat was like butter and full of smoked bbq flavor before adding any type of bbq sauce ! the mac and cheese was prepared beautifully with some black pepper and was amazing .. cole slaw was different but like i said this place is unique ! the corn bread was grainy but very tasty ! over all this place will succeed because the ppl behind the counter are passionate about the food prepared and are wonderful and the food is simply on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dry sums it up ! i keep wondering if we went to the same yinzburgh bbq because all the other reviews on yelp and ta are so positive . we ordered the brisket , ribs and pulled pork combo and honestly the ribs were the only item worth eating . the brisket and pulled pork were so dry there was no chance to eat it without sauce , as we were told southern bbq should be . the food was served barely warm as well and this was at 6:30 in the evening , high time for dinner . the slaw and cornbread were nothing to write home about . the cornbread was served in plastic wrap , is this the correct way ? friendly service though but never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we got a smoked turkey from here for thanksgiving and it 's safe to say this was the most popular item on the table . everyone loved it . such great flavor and a nice spin on your typical thanksgiving bird . i 'm not usually a big turkey fan but this was something i went back for seconds on . the smoked turkey gravy that we made from the drippings was also a huge hit ! would definitely recommend ordering this for a family gathering or next thanksgiving ... i know it will be on our table again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked this place out while visiting some friends in the area . i am from the south and have had more than my fair share of bbq . this is some of the best bbq i have ever had ! the food was absolutely amazing ! i would have never thought that vegan collards could be so good ! i will definitely be back the next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got a smoked turkey for thanksgiving and it was delicious ! so moist and flavorful ... it was everyone 's favorite dish . i made a regular turkey breast as well and while it was very good , the smoked turkey was the winner . will do this again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i left a very happy vegan after dinner at yinzburgh ! the tofu q-rito ( ? ) was amazing . the my have two vegan sauces as well , and it was so hard to choose between the two . pittsburgh vegans , this place does not disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so nice to find a local bbq place . as one who spent most of her life in the deep south , it was very refreshing to walk into yinzburgh and see that this place knows and loves barbecue . they were even familiar with my hometown barbecue spot ! the staff is incredibly friendly , and i did appreciate the short sauce lesson and explanation of the menu . though the pork was a little drier than i would like , it was still a good tasty meal . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a georgia native , i did n't think it would ever be possible to find authentic bbq in the northeast- boy did this place prove me wrong ! yinzburg bbq not only has the perfect friendly , small town atmosphere any southerner loves , but they 're sauces , sides , and ( especially ! ) meats blow practically any southern joint out of the water . my only regret is not getting more to take back to georgia !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ribs here are amazing ! ! ! fall-off-the-bone deliciousness . the meat was well-seasoned and not drenched in sauce . the pulled pork and brisket were also very good ... but the ribs were what really stood out . i also highly recommend the coleslaw ad chili-q . prices are reasonable , and the people who work there were really nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for great traditional southern bbq , this is the place to go . their ribs and brisket are great . i am a southern bbq lover , so i appreciate the fact that my meat was rubbed only and i could sauce it myself . owner is a very nice guy ; typical southern hospitality with a noticeable drawl , and provides a mean plate of bbq . odd hours , so make sure to check before going .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so awesome ! ! ! it was not just lunch but an experience . richard took great care of us ! showed us the ropes of southern bbq . colorado loves ya richard !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bbq place is a jewel in the rough . great place to stop for lunch . it is located near upmc shadyside . it is a small place with few seats . i ordered the small pulled pork sandwich with the regular bbq sauce . this is their most popular and was the perfect balance of bbq and slightly sweet . but they offer other options including two variations of spicy bbq sauce and a honey mustard flavor which also tasted good . the girl at the front was super nice and helpful , giving us a taste of each flavor . she also let us taste their mac and cheese which was addicting . the small sandwich is a nice size if you are medium hungry . but if you are famished go for the large . it 's that good ! the slab of ribs also made my mouth water but we will have to go back for those .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , very authentic carolina bbq ... owners are very friendly and are from the south and have brought their skills up north . it is so hard to find good bbq up here . big portions . well worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never actually been to the physical location , however i 've had their catered food on numerous occasions . i 'm not generally a huge fan of barbecue style food as it tends to be a bit heavy and meaty for my taste , but i make an exception for yinzburgh ! this place is crave worthy . excellent pulled pork , macaroni and cheese , beans , coleslaw , and hot sauces . i definitely look forward to occasions when i get a chance to eat this , and one of these days will actually check out the restaurant itself . on the other hand , avoid the salads . they 're pretty sad and seem like they were just poured out of a pre-mixed salad bag . the meat on top is still good , but does n't make up for what 's underneath .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid bbq . i ordered the pulled pork sandwich with afterburner sauce and a side of cole slaw . the pork was decent . worth the price . the sauce was very underwhelming and almost no kick at all for something called `` afterburner '' and described as spicy . cole slaw was really sweet , which made it weird . ho-hum bbq joint . nothing stood out , but for the price it was decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great beef smoked short ribs ! the rib is so flavorful and high quality ! the sauces are definitely an add ! the owner of this place has such a pleasant personality , and really knows how to prepare food ! a must go place in pittsburgh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a ton of hype , i have to say this joint lived up to my expectations . i tried the brisket and pulled pork . the brisket was moist and broke apart so easily , very succulent . i drenched in their signature tomato based bbq sauce which was my favorite part of the meal . the pulled pork was good as well but the brisket was so much better . i felt the bun on the sandwich could have been toasted more as it was kind of dry . i will definitely be back to try their ribs , the customer service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has an awesome name . i think the lady said she was from west virgina and she lets you try all the sauces and pick a few with your meal . i got the ribs . eat up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a person with a diet that does not include red meat , i find his cooking to be amazing ! i first tried richard 's food over 5yrs ago . i just recently had the pleasure of trying a few dishes at his new ( open 2yrs ) restaurant on baum blvd . when i heard `` bbq '' , i certainly did n't the vegetarian or vegan . my coworker tried a brisket & bean chili and said the meat was delicious & tender . but , he has a great selection of foods for vegheads & vegans to enjoy too , and specifies them as `` vegetarian '' `` vegan '' & `` gluten-free '' on his menu . i tried the `` hoppin john '' with black-eyed peas , baby spinach & seasonings and it was to die for ! i would highly recommend this place . i ca n't wait to try the mac & cheese next.i plan to bring friends to this place , and i 've already told many about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sauces are amazing especially the mustard ! pair that with brisket and the best coleslaw i 've ever had and i 'm a happy camper . their greens are not my favorite ... ..which is the only reason i 'd say 4 stars instead of 5 . the owner and his wife are also incredibly nice and make a real effort to know their customers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perhaps because a friend of mine talked it up so much , but i found this place only good . the pork and brisket were okay . the chicken was disappointing and a little gummy . the mac and cheese was excellent , as were the collard greens . the sauces were unique and tasty . there is no good barbecue without good cornbread , and the cornbread was horribly dry and not very tasty . i would get it again , but it 's not my favorite . as well , i got it for takeout . i do n't know if that makes a difference .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i went here and each ordered a combo , one with ribs and pulled pork , and the other with brisket and ribs . i ca n't begin to explain how delicious this barbecue was ! the meat is so tender it falls right off the bone . when we got there he had us sample the five different barbecue sauces they have , then we were able to choose which sauce we would like with each dish . the restaurant is n't much to look at inside but it 's so ridiculously tasty it does n't matter . the owner is very friendly and helpful . also - the mac n ' cheese was superb .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "true fall-off-the-bone barbecue . the ribs , chicken , and brisket were all great with only the dry rub , but adding one of their homemade sauces was even better . the staff was friendly and offered a taste of each sauce before i made my decision . their smoke 'n sweet sauce is possibly my favorite barbecue sauce from anywhere . their cole slaw was n't my favorite , but the red cabbage slaw had a sweet taste that complemented the savory meats . the corn bread is buttery and sweet . best of all , the price was affordable for a bbq restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took a south carolina native who was hungry for real bbq . only one word to describe our meal . delicious ! staff was very informative and knowledgeable on the sauces . we had mac cheese and black eyed peas for sides which we 're also excellent . try it you will love it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rate this bbq 3 stars except for the prohibitive cost which lowers it to 2 stars . i paid $ 22 for a large entry of pork & mac & cheese . it was simply ok. not as good as i was hoping by the reviews .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was good , but not great . i left hungry and they over very overpriced . i will not eat there again . had to elsewhere to get food so i was n't so hungry . save your $ $ $ $ $ $ $", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've heard about this place a couple years ago but did n't try it til now . i got combo # 10 - ribs , brisket and quarter chicken . the brisket was the best ; tender , flavorful and filling . great with the hot honey sauce . the ribs were good but mostly bones . the chicken was tasty and fell right off the bone . got the collard greens on the side . overall , a little pricey compared to other similar spots , and not a good sit-down place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best addition to the east end in recent memory . everything is smoked to tender perfection , all three of the sauces are delectable ( i 'm partial to the mustard ) , and the cole slaw may be my desert island food of choice ( i 'm a slaw fiend ) . it 's really clear that they care about the food here . i 've sampled the brisket , the ribs , the chicken , the pulled pork , and all of the sides . the only thing that fell a little flat was the mac & cheese -- which has a lot of nice black pepper , but is a little dry . but everything else is amazing . the staff is really friendly . it 's mostly a takeout joint currently , and would be well served with some bar stools in the seating area ( stand up dining only ) ... but do n't let the location and ambience dissuade you ... this is the real deal . great food , reasonable prices ... pittsburgh needs more places like this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good . but , the lady who owns it is a real control freak . she will nickel and dime you until you decide you would rather wait until you are in texas to eat barbecue . the sizes are small to x-large but they do n't weigh anything . so , if the cheap owner decides she is only filling your xl order of mac-n-cheese up halfway , then that 's all you 're getting ... and she will b c she is penny-wise and pound-foolish .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had been interested in trying this bbq place so a couple of us did take out to get a sampling of the menu . for the most part , the meats ( pulled pork , brisket and ribs ) were good but brisket was too dry . sauced are good also . pass on the sides- cole slaw and greens were tasteless and they ran out of corn bread ( said did n't have time to make more ) . i thought it was a bit pricey and probably will check other bbq in pittsburgh before going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the brisket is to die for ! although everything on the menu is delicious . if you have never tried it , go once and i swear you will be hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after many months of passing by yinzburgh bbq , my husband and i finally picked up lunch today and all i can say is why did we wait so long ! ? the food was absolutely delicious and the owner was friendly and helpful . he gave us an explanation of the restaurant , let us try samples of the sauces , and even gave us samples of all of the side dishes ( which we loved so much that we ended up ordering all of them ) . i had the smoked tofu wrap and my husband had the smoked pulled chicken sandwich . both were perfectly cooked , flavorful , and we were able to add as much or as little spice as we wanted . the black-eyed peas were my favorite side - so delicious and flavorful . the collared greens and mac'n'cheese were also phenomenal . i wish this restaurant were open in squirrel hill - i would probably go every day ! i can not wait to go back and hope to take advantage of their catering services soon . if you have n't tried this place yet , run there now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere here . the interior decor is very chique w wooden tables and exposed brick . very friendly atmosphere . you feel like you 're in a cave . good for intimate outing or date . great acoustics when they have live music playing . beer nights 5 dollar pints is a good deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great basement pub at hi-toronto hostel ! it has reasonably priced food , a good beer selection , an excellent whiskey collection , and live music many nights . it 's a good spot to meet and socialize with fellow travelers and make plans for exploring toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm glad the others enjoyed themselves , but the only thing right about this place for me was the name . it really does feel like a cave , in that it 's small and cramped , the layout does n't leave many options to get around , and there 's nothing special about the way it looks . i get that this is part of a hostel and is catering to a certain no-frills crowd , but i needed to share this alternate view to give yelpers a balanced picture of what to expect . also ... `` mediocrely delicious ? '' what ? the food was average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came in for dinner because they offered a 50 % coupon for my first nigh 's dinner during my stay at the hostel . i wanted to order the pulled pork slides , but was told anything involving pulled pork is going to take longer time ( 15 min ) because the pork is still frozen . so i went with the most expensive item on the menu -- - stir fry . the menu says it 's chicken with veggies served on a bed of rice . sounds ok. after waiting for 20 minutes , i got my dinner . a bed of rice a tiny bit of stir fry on the top . i almost felt sorry for the ingredients . thanks to the coupon , the bill for the stir fry and a beer came to 10+tip . in a nut shell , only recommend to people who just arrived and are too tired to go out for food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here a couple of weeks ago for a meetup event . the place is a cute little cave in the basement and is below a hostel so mainly serves the international folks staying there . it 's kinda dark and has a chilled out hostel feel to it , which is a good thing if you want to reminisce about past travels . the beer is really cheap so that 's a bonus . the food is cheap but the portions and quality are n't great . quesadilla was not very full of ingredients or that tasty and stir fry was small . if you want cheap beer in downtown toronto then it 's a place for you but i ca n't recommend the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "1 . we went to this jo-ann tonight , tried to use a notion wall coupon for threads . we asked a man in the store if we can use that coupon for thread twice and been answere yes . we spent about 2 hours and chosen about 20 different threads and was refused to get the discount . we talked to the manager and she do nothing but say sorry . the manager said if there are some discount comming on the next coupon she can give us this time but there are not any . but we found 50 % off thread on the coupon for the next period ! ! ! 2 . we tried to buy gutermann thread , two spoons of thread with the same color number has significantly color difference . 3 . our car lost a whell cover while parking outside the store . i can not make sure it was lost there , but that mad my day even worse we really do not recommand going to this jo-ann with non-professional sales and careless manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i regularly go to this store , and always find what i need . it is in a nice area , and the help is always helpful . i completely disagree with han z . if you ca n't find something that matches well enough , you are being way too picky ! ( and ) you ca n't blame your lost hubcap on the store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ehh ... .i 've been to this location many times only because it 's near my house . i 've noticed the employees do n't go out of their way to assist you and would rather talk to each other than to customers . i generally have to walk around endlessly and try to figure things out for myself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have a shop on etsy , so i am here at least twice a month . it 's a huge store with an excellent selection and the staff has always been very helpful and answers all my questions . i would shop at joann 's before any mom and pop fabric store hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad service . when the food get to my table , i got no chopsticks or spoon . i need to ask the waiter to get me one . the attitude was not pleasant at all . i feel like that i am begging them for service . short ribs are very chewy and noodle soups left me feeling thirty ( too much msg ) ! you can see why there are only 1 4 of the restaurant was filled during lunch hour . by the way , you must ask for water because they wo n't being them to you unless you ask . when you order food , make sure you order quickly and know what you want , otherwise the waiter will be very impatient with your indecisiveness . never will go again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they made it more upscale so they can charge more . place is definitely nice for photos but do n't expect quality food . i ordered the chocolate bbt with grass jelly and it was too powdery . the price was so high for a damn drink . i should have just gone a few steps for chatime instead . the salmon fried rice was good though but portion was a bit small . the only problem i had was the staff . while they were quite polite , the waiter who took our order seemed clueless and i must 've repeated my order a few times ! i could have gone to the kitchen myself to make that powdery chocolate bbt . sigh", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yay ! go for tea at enterprise is open ! i really liked the richmond hill location and was disappointed when it closed . this new location features a dark interior with orange accents and lots of dramatic up lighting and interesting light fixtures . today is their first day open and they said they were only accepting cash payment . i can only speak to my takeout experience , which was relatively efficient for their opening day . i ordered the very mango mango slush and asked for it half sweet . the half sweet beverage is still pretty good . looking forward to coming back for a dine in experience . ( 72 100 )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the drink was okay , too sweet for my taste , the hot food was terrible . however , the dessert from the cooler was very delicious . the worse thing about this place was the service , the staff was constant gossiping about their customer ! when i walked to the wc , i overheard the conservation of them about other customers , and when i came back , more of them were joining the gossip , how unprofessional !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice atmosphere in the new downtown markham location . i 've always been a fan of their food menu . it 's tasty and has many choices . on weekdays , their lunch combo special is only $ 10.99 and comes with soup , salad , main and dessert . drinks are extra cost . i ordered the frog legs and lotus root which was pretty good but a bit too oily . with a order of hot green tea the whole bill came up to $ 20 with taxes and gratuity . not the cheapest lunch meals but great space to hang out and socialize with friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this has become a regular lunch spot for me ! conveniently located with ample parking outside and seating inside . food is quite good and they have a lot of variety to offer . have tried several different lunch sets and other food items , so far everything has been great ! nice interior decor , not crowded at all during lunch hour . they have afternoon tea set that is very good value , i 'd like to try that next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall the location was really nice . love the decor and the food . the down side . service was terrible . took over half an hour for our 2 drinks and food . i guess i have high expectations , but i would have expected the servers to come and see how we were doing at least once . thank goodness the food and drinks was good . i would come back if i was invited to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "come here if you plan on spending hours catching up with a friend or working on a project . the ambiance and interior decorations are amazing . however , the food is not as good as their previous location in richmond hill , and their service is even worse ( if you can imagine that ) . the do have a bell for you to ring but they do n't seem to respond to it at all . the staff also seem to lack common sense ( bringing us 2 plates for appetizers for 6 people ) . drinks are also overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had their iced mixed fruit tea ( with no ice ) , and stewed beef ramen noodle soup . the iced mixed fruit tea ( with no ice ) was a bit lack luster . maybe it was the fruit choice . the apple and orange pieces were ok , but the rest of it could have been better . the stewed been ramen noodle soup was pretty good . it could have had a bit more of a kick to in in regards to spice , but otherwise it was n't bad . i would order it again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the closest place to my home for a quick bite and some drinks so i come here often . how ever , recently i noticed that the tea quality here is terrible . otherwise it 's not a bad place . food : 4 stars . they are quite amazing with the lunch combos . portions are decent and quality in line with markham quality chinese food service : 3 stars . drinks overall : 3 stars , except if you get teas which i would give 1 star . they shamelessly sell lipton tea bags for 7.99 which is the main reason i can not give a tea shop a good rating that charges this much for a bag of lipton tea . the sweet drinks are also quite poor in quality . the blended fruits drinks are a much better value .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pepermint milk tea was yummy but hot barley milktea was too sweet . cozy environment and good for killing time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the interior design here ! they have a lot of booths & it 's nice to sit by the window on a sunny day . this place is huge and pretty empty on a weekend afternoon , but definitely convenient for a quick bite before after movie . service is mediocre but not complaining , although one of my pet peeves is when you ask for water and they only give you one glass and not for the other person table . i had the red curry w seafood from the all day menu ( $ 12.99 on weekends ) - comes with rice , soup , cooked napa , salad and dessert ( milk yogurt pudding ) . pretty good . $ 7.99 for the afternoon tea late night special - choice of fried meat fish + a side + 50 % off drink . got the popcorn chicken & sweet potato fries - fries were good but super small portion , like maybe 6 fries ? ripoff . overall nice ambiance , ok food but expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waitress looked annoyed and angry while taking our order , and portions were tiny for the high prices they were . i would only come here at night if everything is closed and there is no where else to go . other than that it 's a complete waste of time and money . all in all , horrible service , high prices , and poor value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new location in downtown markham and things are looking better already . service and food seems to have picked up and the decor is very nice . their traditional set meals are still there and i like the curry dishes that come with those sets . the menu looks very much the same and the drinks are still their specialty and are still $ $ . they open till 3am everyday !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lots of variety to choose from , could get overwhelming . food is tasty overall which is important . service i usually do n't comment on because this is not that type of place however is very inconsistent . some staff are really helpful some look like they do n't want to be there . decor in markham is also very nice and comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot of food choice . everything works well for me . the server was a little rude when we were trying to order . the location is great , to grab sth before movie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was ok , but why was the spring roll cold ? waitress staffs was not friendly at all . seems like they do n't enjoy working there . asked about lunch special and their respond was what ever is in the menu . better respond would be , yes , it in the menu . they hide the lunch special in the middle of the menu so with the original respond my assumption was there no specials . also not sure if they ate intentionally doing this or not but they are overcharging by applying the wrong rounding rules . $ 10.99 + hst is $ 12.42 by cc or $ 12.40 by cash . look at their bill , they will charge you $ 12.45 by cash or cc . pretty sure that is against the law but who is going to argue over a few penny . over a year that amount will add up for them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a nice hang out place after the movies but the food is a little over priced and the bubble teas are too sweet . i would opt for other options if it was n't for the convenience of the location to the movie theater .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice new location and ambience which is my only positive . service is done without any appreciation or a smile . no thank you 's or have a nice day or enjoy your meal , instead silence and monotonous stares . food is not great , pre-made and warmed up therefore do n't expect a fresh meal . bubble tea not mixed well , could taste the powder grains throughout .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like the location and ambiance of this place . it 's a nice place to meet up and mingle with friends . however the food needs some improvements . i got a milk tea with jelly grass ; common drink at bubble tea place . i was quite disappointed with the drink , lacking favour . jelly grass did n't taste fresh . my friend got a slice of tiramisu cake ; it was acceptable ; decent price for $ 6 . condense milk toast was crisp and yummy ; ca n't go wrong with this at an asian cafe . overall nice place to hang out with friends but i wish the food was better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was n't that good from my experience , they did n't speak english very well and when i hit the call button they never came . i had to keep waving down my waiter . atmosphere was super duper nice , i was surprised how nice the place was . i tea drink i got was pretty good and looked great . my only complaint about it was that the drink could have been colder . i got the apple and starwberry tea . in terms of food , i got grilled salmon with rice . it was n't anything special.. plain white rice and two tiny pieces of salmon . it was dry and really was n't worth ~ $ 12 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "go for tea is a good place to hang out late hours when other places are n't open . their bubble teas are pretty huge amidst the cost of the bubble tea . desserts is sub par , compared to other bubble tea places with desserts . however , their food is good for their taiwanese and chinese cuisine . customer service is good and they do separate bills .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location several times and have had bad experiences every time . first off , the food and drinks are not very good along with being overpriced . the place is also very poorly lit making it difficult to read anything including the menus . the last time my friends and i went , the employees gave us attitude as we were a big group . as i looked around most of the seats were empty anyways and they had tables available for us . as my friend pulled out a board game , they mentioned that we could not play once it was 9pm . if there were other customers looking for seats i would understand but the employees just gave us more attitude . i convinced my friends to walk out and just go to the chatime next door where we could play our board game without disturbance . and it 's also such a rare occurrence in which i would walk out of a food place . i will never go to go for tea again as it always ends up in disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has the worst service . we got to the place at 3pm , confirmed that lunch special was still available , ordered but we got charged for the dinner price . the reason they provided - the order was punched in 3:03 ( though they flip-flopped between today being considered a holiday and it being punched in after 3pm ) . when we asked if there was a manager we can speak to , the answer was no of course and the waitress simply walked away and left us hanging . i would rank this place 1 out of 10 to be honest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place seems to be a good spot for hang out while waiting for movie to start since is next to a cinema . additionally , it 's a good spot for homework or gathering for a chit chat ... the place itself is quite big and tables are n't too close to each other so there 's enough privacy . overall my experience was quite pleasant , i ordered myself beef udon n coconut milk tea while my friends order something else that comes as a set ( forgot names of their dishes ) . we were all satisfied . their pudding taste like those from ayce pudding yogurt . price is a lil high but it 's alright .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered a custard toast and barley milk black tea while my gf ordered a business dinner combo . my toast is alright and there was a lot of barley in my drink ( i have been to bubble tea places where their barley milk tea does n't have any barley taste or texture ) . but in my gf 's dessert , she found plastic wrap inside her pudding and she did not touch the dessert afterwards . i would n't recommend unless they treat food safety more seriously", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything was just mediocre ; the best thing we had was the popcorn chicken and the mango pudding dessert part of the curry chicken platter . service was alright , although i did have to get tapioca on the side because they did n't and then could n't ( ? ) put it in . it made almost no difference in the end because my mango milk green tea was bland and almost room temperature . also : beware of asking for a large ! they 're huge ! i left half of it and it felt bad but i was full and it did n't taste like it was worth the chug haha .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the servers here have terrible attitude . the food is not bad , but not worth having to deal with the poor service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "c'mon , go for tea . i used to love it so much until it started serving lipton tea bags in their premium tea . it 's disappointing to see your $ 7.99 lily tea comes with 2 lipton tea bags and tastes exactly like lipton tea and nothing else . all their other drinks are on the sweet side as well . i definitely do not recommend anything in their tea section ( ironic with the restaurant name ... ) . however , food there is above average . the combo is a good deal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice and relatively quiet setting on a friday evening . good place to sit and have drinks to hang out . it has a nicer ambiance than some of the other bubble tea chains . i ordered the lychee green tea which was a bit too sweet . the restaurant also had a button at each table to ask for a waiter waitress . this was handy ... except that i do n't think it worked and we ended up having to flag them down each time to order , get the bill etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely horrifying- ordered stir fried green beans but the green beans were rotten ! ! ( seems to be sitting there for ages ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in here this past weekend and was thoroughly impressed . after coming across a coat in their etsy ( online ) shop i took a stroll down to butter toast boutique to see the coat in person . unfortunately , it was too big so i did n't purchase it but i still had a look around . the prices are very low and the quality of everything i looked at was fantastic . the shop is one of those `` house-turned-artsy boutique '' shops which are n't uncommon in downtown and the surrounding districts . it 's cute on the outside and setup nicely on the inside . good tunes played while i browsed and the nice girl at the front on her imac was more than happy to answer any questions i had . while i left empty handed , the low prices and great quality beckons my return . i 'll be checking them out again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buttertoast is adorable ! i got to check out the shop ( located in the anti-space strip on mckinely ) last first friday and i was astonished by how much great stuff they had in such a small space . the clothes are awesome , vintage-tastic and surprisingly low priced for a boutique .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was included in the baby consignment listings when doing a search on yelp ( app and mobile ) . i certainly do not consider 1 rack maybe 4-5 foot long of baby clothes a place i want to even bother going to in search of baby items ( unless maybe i 'm looking for vintage baby clothes ) . also , way overpriced if you ask me . however , if you 're looking for vintage clothes shoes etc ... this is a decent place to start..kinda . though when i was full on in my rockabilly phase , there were far better places to go in search of clothes ( a goodwill store being the first stop ) . on another note , the gal working when we went in the other day seemed more interested in playing with her phone than engaging us , her potential customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yay ! they are back in the roosevelt area . the paisley town location was cute but just too small . it left you always wanting to look at more . their new roomy digs are adorable and there vintage is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super-cute , cozy vintage boutique - stumbled upon during first friday . like walking into the closet of a retro queen , butter toast has a little bit of everything . can find something for yourself and pick up a a few gift pieces . lot of care put into store layout ambiance , very enjoyable to browse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the prices are perfect and i love their selection . it 's clear that a lot of love and attention goes into the store and it 's collection . they 're always very friendly and i love the customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing . i would have literally bought every . single . item . in this lovely little store ! i walked out with way , way too many things ( i seriously could n't put things back ) , and i have received compliments on each piece i 've worn . i also love that this shop has vintage luggage , wall hangings , macrame plant holders , and more to buy ! the vintage clothes selection is very well curated , and they offer a pretty good sales rack . the person in charge while i was shopping was absolutely delightful , and she made me feel very comfortable ! i wish this place were in my home town of new orleans , and i will definitely be back next time i 'm visiting phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable , quaint boutique . you can tell a lot of effort goes into hand picking great vintage articles . i found a great ruffled blouse that i 've gotten endless compliments on as well as a pair of vintage peep toed grey pumps . i plan to go back very soon . if you love vintage and want to find something different i recommend going to butter toast . great local spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like most vintage consignment stores , it 's really a hit or miss with what you find . as for butter toast , you will find something nice at least 95 % of the time you go . i love this store , with all the authentic vintage dresses , shoes , jewelry , and everything . they even have authentic lingerie here . i go at least twice a month to check for new inventory . the owner is sweet and quiet and lets you browse the store in peace ( which i love ) . she is very knowledgeable about the inventory and conditions of the clothing and will help you with whatever questions you have . mention yelp and get 20 % off your first purchase ! : ) oh yeah , and the adorable cottage-style boutique and pretty lawn are n't a bad sight either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a vintage lovers dream house ! located on 6th street near growop , butter toast makes up half of a historic downtown phoenix home . i heard another shop is opening up next door relatively soon . i lived for awhile in nyc and loved scouring the streets for vintage finds and hidden gems . this place competes with the best of them . the clothes are well organized and you do n't feel like you are going dumpster diving to find that amazing wool cardigan with the sweet heart buttons or a vintage clutch that goes perfect with your lbd . plus the shop owners hand pick everything in the story and do n't buy anything they would n't wear themselves . for a tiny little shop there is plenty to choose from and lots of different styles and finds . i left the store with a london calendar tea towel , a cute expandable bracelet and a navy cardigan with gold stars stitched in and i only spent $ 60 . not too shabby . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fabulous ! ! ! i have this new love and respect for vintage and consignment shops ! i love to go and see what i can find ... i love how i can always find something beautiful and different and you would never be able to find it anywhere else ! my friend told me about this place and i could not wait to go ! i love the area its in and the girls that were in there were super sweet ! the prices are great and i look forward to going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never seen so many cute vintage peices in one place ! i walked out with a wonderful purchase ; a teal floral sheer dress . i have already worn it once ! love it ! i like that they alter the items to be more fashionable and that design interns work there - - i could of spent hours in this store ! disappointed i just now saw the yelp discount in store : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love being able to find clothes i know nobody else is going to have -- this is what i get every time i buy something from this store . they have a nice selection of clothing , all vintage , and all in excellent condition . the girls who own this shop are super nice and always make shopping there a fun experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute and priced ok. go there and support local business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really quality vintage clothing . i have so much of my wardrobe from this boutique . great styles , good prices and you cant leave this place without wanting to buy a trunk filled with goods . honestly , one of the top 3 vintage shops in town . service is awesome , per usual . traci and jasmine are always willing to offer any help and throw the best community events for their shop . a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service - nice collection of vintage clothes - takes me back to my child hood . it also has great prices ! if you love vintage clothes that are trendy now , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautifully edited . there are only three `` rooms '' of clothing but i always leave with something . mostly vintage things . i got a floaty seventies black sundress , highwaisted wrangler denim shorts , and an eighties sailor jumper dress last time . if you enjoy unique finds and do n't want to dig , you 'll love btb . mostly smaller sizes in shoes but i have found some eights and nines . best shoes find were a pair of these loafer moccasin boat shoe heels in blue suade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hidden gem is located just across the street from my pad so short walk over and i am there . i have only been over a few times and the shop is setup in an old historic home , the staff is super friendly , and the finds are many . the clothes are cool and not overpriced like buffalo exchange . anytime you are looking for a few unique fun vintage retro items to add into your wardrobe without breaking the bank hit up butter toast ... you wo n't be disappointed and be sure to mention yelp for 20 % discount !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh this shop makes me want to lose a hip or something just to fit into their clothing ! ! i found not one thing in larger sizes , but my friend , who 's a size 8 , found lots of awesome vintage clothes ... including , yes ladies and gentlemen , a 70s jumpsuit ! i am drooling and green with envy , but alas , i could n't find anything . go here if you 're thin ( or just want to torture yourself by staring at all the awesome clothes that wo n't fit you unless you chop off some body part you probably need ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! really cute shop , great vintage clothing . nice and helpful staff . and they have an etsy shop ! worth stopping by if you are in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "@ themaharaja_ca # soulfood # indianfood # eatlikeking # yelpgta indian fine dining has never been better . i am not one to eat too much indian food ( because of high spice levels ) , but at wondrous reviews and recommendation , i had to absolutely try this place . and i left with no regrets . maharaja , as i understand - means king . and the interiors of this restaurant is quite luxurious and palatial . the menu is large and varied , and without a recommendation , i would n't know where to start . for my no spice palate , the murgh lababdar was lovely - think butter chicken but creamier and tastier . we ordered some rice with the chicken , which is the norm . shout out to the amazing service and the personable server as well . this place has my stars and my recommendation . the next time you 're craving india food , skip everything and hurry in to the maharaja .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anybody out there still miss old-school type of service ? if so then this place deserves more than a five star just for attempting it . imagine actually somebody serving the food to you at table side . or how about opening the door when you leave . not everything was perfect in the service dept as i had to request them to remove the cutlery along with the plates after appetizers . it should be standard to remove both . you will not get this level of service at bukhara grill , avani , the host , nirvana , etc . at $ 25 the shrimp curry was well worth the price for the quality . fresh tiger shrimp in the thick gravy . the breads were ho-hum . however just check out this presentation for these kebabs . marvellous . the only thing i did not notice which was odd was the plate sizes too big for the table . even though we were two people on the table hardly enough room on a table for 4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can i give this 5+ stars . by far . seriously the best indian food i 've ever had . the friendly and helpful staff were knowledgeable & attentive . beautifully decorated . well kept . clean . i organized a group birthday luncheon there and the whole group was very pleased . i will definitely be back . do n't let the location fool you . it 's a real gem . tip : order from each region ; share the dishes and let the staff serve the food to you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ambience , delicious food and service was first class . the hyderabadi dum ki biryani and butter chicken were off the hook . the place is pretty fancy so just be mindful when taking kids . prices are on the higher side ofcourse considering it is a fine dining experience but there are many dishes averaging about $ 15-16", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience ! from menu to the service to the food and drinks everything was perfect . just go there with your appetite and a smile , i promise your stomach will be full and you will have a bigger smile . a lot of great choices for vegetarians .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is targeting to offer the experience of fine dinning , and it 's almost there as well . the service is good . trained servers with effort to give good services . the interior decor is trying to reflect a fine dinning ambiance , which could be more suitable if it had a larger space and selected ( refined ! ! ) paintings . food quality vs. price vs. quantity will get a 3.5 star out of 5 . but considering only quality , it 's definitely good ... . aromatic and spicy . we had shrimp curry ( hyderabadi tawa jhinga masala ) , mixed daal ( dal panchmel ) , pudina paratha and butter naan ( naan-i-makhani ) ... all of them were good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "class is what describes this restaurant the best . food is just so good . ambience 5 star . service 5 star . it 's pricy but kinda explains the 5 stars . the 4 region option is too good . just hope they offer best sellers and different dishes from those regions time and again . overall verdict : definitely try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband took me last night for my birthday . i must say this is the nicest indian restaurant i 've ever been to . we walked in and it was so beautifully lit . the decor and ambiance was out of this world . the attention to detail and color scheme was amazing . i 've been to so many restaurants in mississauga and hands down best decor out there . i particularly love the meena lisa painting beautiful . we ordered the seekh kabob beef and delicious . perfectly cooked and not too spicy . and the presentation was wonderful and unique . we also ordered the aloo paratha and 5 5 we ordered the pudina paratha and that was 4 5 and lastly ordered the chicken boneless in a tomato and onion gravy . this was my favourite . so flavourful and delicious . the experience was perfect . i really enjoyed myself . i will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing amazing amazing place ! creme du la creme kind of restaurant ! best high-end indian resultant that i have ever been to ( and i have been to a lot ) superb value and superb service ! only wish i have enough money to visit this place at least once a week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely phenomenal . incredible service . unbelievable food . everything about this heritage place is just great . many thanks to our wonderful very talented server kenneth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this recently over lunch . very impressed with the food , the ambience and the decor . service was good , however our server was not friendly . no smile through the conversation , direct one word answers to most questions . anyways , that is not the reason for three stars . the only reason is that being a quick lunch , there was not enough scope to review many aspects . worth a repeat and recommendation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing and authentic indian food . do n't miss this place definitely give it a try . excellent customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is going except ... ... food its not worth at all . food was bland . presentation was good . servers were well mannered so no problem there but the food was below expectation . meat items looked fresh but less flavourful . overall , we were not happy and will not go again and will not recommend anyone . they need to change their chef for sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "would have rated below one if there were an option ! we made an online reservation and were refused to be seated once we were there . upon arguing , manager told us to wait for half hour or else sorry ! we left without dining . although they have great food but horrible customer service ! if your system allows online booking then pay attention ; refusing to seat your clients with reservations is not professional ! not coming back & not recommending to anyone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kenneth was really sweet and the maharaja has the best service i 've received in a while", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time @ the maharaja . i have only good things to say . the food is the most authentic indian food , with the right amount of spice . it is a whirlwind of flavours that will tantalize the tastebuds . it is not your typical indian restaurant food full of grease , salt and pepper , to the contrary it is ideal blend of flavours that truly take the food to it 's finest . the ambience is cozy and exotic . the service is par excellence from the greeting , to servers and the host . this is far the best indian food , i have eaten outside of india . the quality and variety of dishes are truly unique and creative that combine to make it a memorable meal . the staff offer genuine advice and sincere service . overall , this place is gem . you will be treated like a maharajah ! ! thanks jhangir , oomyang and the rest of the lovely staff . seven stars from me ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the maharaja specialized in showcasing indian history and offered the royal dining experience . the menu is divided in 4 different sessions ; 4 different flavours of 4 different regions of india . each session has its very own appetizers , main and desserts\u200b . you are greeted with , in my opinion , the most knowledgeable and courteous server . he gives you the restaurant speech and brings a complementary minty drink ( sorry i do n't know the name ) . we got the lentil and paneer dish , with naan . their naan is hands down the best i 've ever had . the portions are generous . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ... great ambience ! ! kenneth recommended some of the best dishes from the menu and it was right on point ! service was outstanding ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably one of the best indian restaurants in mississauga in terms of food and atmosphere . staff are very nice and polite , however can be a bit akward with serving . i would highly recommend the eggplant with goat cheese and tomato sauce , it 's crunchy and savoury . on the weekends make reservations cause tables are limited . this is a great place for fine dining in mississauga , but is also pricey .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this restaurant another star , because it 's really in a league of it 's own . the food is worth every penny . their sikandari raan and amiri shaan lobster was one of the best and most unexpected dishes i 've ever had . all of their menus are listed or updated on their website , i called them ahead to see if they have anything that might interest me more than their already outstanding menu . the service is just as good as the food . they have impeccable timing and are polite and attentive . the decor is beautiful , i was given a tour of the restaurant which shows their concern for minor things also , i am a fan of this restaurant now as everything is truly amazing . will highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indian food i have ever had in toronto ! ! i had a lamb shank dish . it was so flavourable . the service was great , too , and everyone who served us was so welcoming and cheerful . i 'll definitely come back again and spread the good words about this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my very first experience with indian food and it was amazing ! very friendly staff and amazing food with lots of new flavours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing good . best indian food i 've had in a while . definitely try the skiraandan ( lamb ) dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food & ambiance ! ! royal treatment - truly maharaja style ! ! this place has become my favourite place for indian cuisine outside india ! ! their marinations , spice levels and dishes are the best in ssauga ... definitely the maharaja would give gta competitors a run for their money & customers ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service and food was great ... will be back . ambience was great .best indian restaurant in mississauga . ... will definitely visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very vintage . the whole place offers a classic vintage look with its elegant decor and rich indian accent . the menu is a delight not only in terms of exquisite food but also in it 's calligraphic description of indian states , food & the history of maharaja regime . our hostess was well mannered . service was detailed and in timely manner . food was great . we were offered welcome drink shots comprising of mint , lemon and some sort of water ( rose water maybe ) . as a cherry on top , our hostess desly brought us complimentary mango ice cream dessert with kesar pista ( she asked us if it 's a special occasion , and i told her we 're celebrating our anniversary ) . overall we had a fine dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a gem in mississauga . i found this place by chance and we planned suddenly to visit this place . and our experience was wonderful . we enjoyed our meal ! we ordered bemisal paneer tikka , shajahani baadal jaam as starters ( i was so happy to try baadal jaam as it was a new thing to try ) and it was yum ! then we ordered subz miloni which was seriously damn good ! and then with subz miloni we ordered 2 butter naan ( or naan-i-makhan ) . i was not sure about the dessert section so we ordered only one rasmalai which was above my expectations ! so we again asked for one more rasmalai . as i love to eat sweets so i wanted to eat more and more ... the rasmalai was an awesome treat ! the taste was same as we get in india ! later we ordered veg biryani for takeaway and it was tasty too . will make our visit once again as soon as possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice , classy indian restaurant . lots of staff ensures good service . portions are fair sized and priced . great if it 's a group so you can try many items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called for reservation , owner picks up does n't know how to speak and take reservations as his phone etiquettes needs to be polished , only after an back and forth with me , did he finally apologize and basically insulted me with backhanded compliment . big no to this place kindly work on your service . one star for at least picking up your phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing food , service and ambience ! food lovers must try ! laal maas my fav ! congrats jehangir ! looking forward to next parsi food festival", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem of a boutique restaurant ! it 's intimate setting , amazing service , unique drinks , fragrant , fresh delish dishes , each spiced just right will have me coming back for years to come ! ! it 's a keeper ! jyoti", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i happened to visit the maharaja on a weekday . the ambience here is great . the three mahals i.e sheesh , rang and hawa depict indian culture and traditions . the menu is well divided into 4 sections awadh , hyderabadi , punjabi and the rajputana . the hostess started with a tour of the restaurant and that 's great . they treat their customers like the maharaja . my server aman was great , he suggested some great appetisers . the haryali murg ke parche and the shahjani badal jaam were excellent . for mains we had the sikandri raan and dum ki murg asaf ja , with some garlic naans . their deserts are all made in house , my fav was the kesar ras malai . i would highly recommend this place to everyone . if you want to taste the real indian cuisine , this is your go to place . fine dine at its best ! will head back to this place soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! ! ! absolutely delicious ! ! ! very friendly staff and owner , great attention to detail in the decor and setting . we all had a great time . service could have been better , our drinks did n't arrive until the main course and we had to remind them three times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambiance and food were really good . got a crash course into the varied cuisines and the quality of the food was great . would certainly make this my regular joint !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the ambience and the customer service is par none of the restaurants i have been to . the food was authentic indian ... .. well flavoured and spiced . enjoyed a great evening with family ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living in toronto i miss the fine dining experience that is offered by good restaurants in india . maharaja strongly matches that with food quality , ambience and service . it definitely stands out from other indian restaurants in the gta . do n't miss their decor ... . you may wan na walk around to take some photos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . the maharaja is extremely impressive . a true fine dining experience with a high focus on service , presentation and quality . dinner for 4 with 2 bottles of wine was approximately $ 400 . considering we selected many of the higher priced items on the menu , i think there is great value here . the service staff go above and beyond to make the experience one to remember . from a tour of the restaurant with a detailed explanation of the decor and what it represents , to serving the entrees to each guest they did a great job . the food . wow . we had lobster apps , a lamb leg for our main along with a few other dishes . every dish we ordered was great . highly recommend discussing the options with your host and listening to their recommendations . in conclusion , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . for first time comers you get a welcome tour for the restaurant design and history . really antique building . and they preserved the structure . food was amazinnnngggggg . will go there again and again . they explained the menu to you . very respectful environment . worthy of their prices for the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just called this store to enquire about a product . j'ai demander en fran\u00e7ais , puis en englais . they were incredibly rude and , instead of answering a simple yes or no questions , le person a me dire '\u00e9coutes , j'ai pas de temps ' and hung up on me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "\u00e7a c'est typiquement le genre de boutique devant laquelle on passe sans jamais la voir . surtout que \u00e7a fait un an qu'un gros \u00e9criteau affiche \u00ab en liquidation \u00bb . en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 ne vous fiez ni \u00e0 l'\u00e9criteau , ni aux apparences : cette boutique ne paie peut-\u00eatre pas de mine pour le commun des mortels , mais pour toute bonne couturi\u00e8re qui se respecte , elle deviendra vite une v\u00e9ritable mine d'or . comment \u00e7a ? c'est bien simple et \u00e7a tient en 4 mots : deux dollars le m\u00e8tre . tout est dit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "firstly , this place was not what i expected nor what i was looking for . important to note that i was there on a very humid day as well , which made the musty smell in the store completely unbearable . mostly lycras and other stretch knits . some polyester satins , crinoline , and faux suede . prices are not particularly low for what is on offer , but lower than fabricville and some other st. hubert street stores .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my go-to place for a wide variety of fabrics at super cheap prices ! ! love it - i 've had some great customer experience and also a not so helpful experience but ca n't beat the prices ! ! ! i always come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm thrilled i can share my new discovery of a little mexican joint with you all . it 's located inside the boulder station casino near the bigger restaurants ... not the food court . a few weeks ago my hub and i were desperate for food that was n't fast food or sit down . we happen to stumble upon viva salsa which has a cheap and simple menu so we decided to try it . i ordered the chicken taco plate , which includes rice , refried beans and the usual taco fixings + drink 5.99 . my hub had the burrito plate that included the same sides + drink 5.99 . in a nutshell we had a really delicious and fresh hot meal for under $ 13 that hit the spot on hunger and wallet . the only small down side is we waited in line for about 20 minutes till we could order , but the food came out quicker than expected . yay ! i love this little taco joint and if you give it a try i 'm sure you 'll love it too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little fast food mexican food joint . i really love their quesadilla that comes with guacamole , sour cream and pico de gallo . my boyfriend also enjoyed their chicken nachos combo with rice and beans . best thing in boulder station when it comes to take out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the shrimp tacos . they were amazing ! try them- you wo n't be disappointed . the guacamole is also excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am always craving mexican food . my boyfriend and i were staying at the boulder station hotel and casino for a car show and did n't want to spend a fortune on food for the weekend . we stopped by this place for dinner real quick and it was so good ! i got the taco plate with the rice and beans . all of it was delicious and super cheap ! we ended up eating there again for lunch the next day right before we left vegas . i would definitely recommend this place ! ca n't wait to get it again sometime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , great food . ordered the torta special thinking it would be a bland meal . boy , was i wrong ! everything was cooked to perfection . tried two different types of salsa as well ( green and red medium ) which added just the right amount of kick to my meal . would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went to this restaurant looking for some good mexican food . what we found was not that ... we got there and the front of the restaurant looked cheap and commercial . it was not very big and we did n't see many people eating there . we started looking up and down the casino to see if something else looked better . but ... we decided to try the restaurant . edgar , the chef , talked to us first and he said that he would be able to accommodate our wheat allergy . the food that he served us was great . i had just spent a week in san antonio and none of those mexican joints could hold a candle to this place . there was so much flavor , great portion size , and all three of us were stuffed for under $ 20 . thanks edgar for such a great meal ! do n't judge this book by its cover , get in there and let the food do the talking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to think this place was ok . but the prices keep on going up . i 've been ided on too many occasions sometimes by the same people . this would n't happen in any other shop that i went into on a regular basis to buy alcohol in . plus some of them waste your time even more by getting out a book and writing down the details of the sale even though it was n't refused , do that in your time not mine . also recently complained about something recently - minor issue the plastic milk bottles were n't actually up to the line , they were n't full ie you were getting less milk than you were paying for . rather than anyone in the store sorting this out and offering a little off the price had to ring their office who brushed us off . and nectar , for the information they get about what different people purchase they should be paying us much more , what is it 1p for every \u00a35 spent ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located in the moray park retail park , this is one of the biggest sainsbury 's close to central edinburgh . i had my hopes up for a great sainsbury 's haven since i really like the sainsbury 's stores in general . although this is a big store with much more selection than the local stores , the customer experience was n't warm , friendly , and inviting . the vegetables , meat , and dairy items were easy enough to find but trying to find a lightbulb proved extremely difficult and , after searching the entire store , i finally went to customer service to ask and they showed me how they were located at the end of an aisle by the checkout counters at the far end . who would have thought they would not actually be in the aisles dealing with home things ? the staff were n't particularly friendly and i had hoped for much better from this store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh sainsbury 's . why ? why are you so expensive now ? why is your beer and wine selection so scanty lately yet costs so much more than at other supermarkets ? i can understand your fussiness about produce because it 's all glamorous-looking stuff you sell . truly . it belongs on magazine covers but i can not , in 21st century scotland , afford to pay double or more for the pretty carrots and elegant mushrooms . i must shuffle off to morrisons and buy ugly but still tasty , recession produce . i 'll admit your quality is definitely better on your own-branded stuff but it 's just too dear . your bakery is also not quite what it was a few years ago and that 's a shame . so that 's it . i can taste the difference , i just ca n't pay the difference . i 'll check back in on you from time to time but somehow you became a luxury brand and i 'm not leading a luxury life these days . i 'll call you ? okay ? okay . bye .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a bit too expensive for this lowly pleb but sometimes you just have to go crazy and treat yourself to a sainsburys 14 inch triple cheese meatfest pizza rather than your ordinary lidl 's option . beware though , this is the coldest supermarket in edinburgh , take a coat with you , even in summer !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "made reservations for saturday night which was a good call because the seating is limited . staff were really attentive and very helpful in explaining the menu . unfortunately the food was a big let down . the chicken adobe which is considered a main came with only three small pieces of chicken and no veg or rice or anything for $ 20 . the pancit was definitely not enough to split two ways as recommended and tasted like noodles soaked in soy sauce . really disappointed by the food and portion size . hopefully they 'll make a few course corrections to help get this spot with lots of potential back on track .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to this restaurant last night with a friend - the food was excellent , the service was amazing . it was my first time trying phillipino-style cuisine , and the staff were very helpful - they clearly described everything we were being served . the restaurant has a great atmosphere and it is in a good location ! would be a good place for a date . i highly recommend giving this restaurant a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , so good . get the tasting menu for just enough food without feeling like you 'll explode . everything was wonderful , and those in our party who do n't love super-spicy food we 're happy to find that the food was flavorful and not just `` hot '' as a flavor : in fact , not really spicy at all , with few exceptions . i loved that the menu pushed me a bit out of my comfort zone in terms of a few ingredients , but i liked or loved every dish . we ate every morsel of every plate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with a filipino buddy and he said lamesa was n't truly authentic but honestly it 's modernized and the spirit is still there . it was my first experience with filipino food and everything was good from the adobo to the filipino spring rolls , but honestly i would skip the halo halo , i do n't think it 's that great here . kanto had a much better halo halo . excellent service as well . lamesa is worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , such a fantastic restaurant ! i 've been to a few of the newer `` modern '' filipino restaurants in the us and this is just as great - philippine cuisine with a modern or unique twist . the roasted chicken sinigang was fantastic as was the shortrib kaldereta . i had pork belly adobo on another visit , which was also amazing ... a perfectly cooked dish . for dessert , the carnation cr\u00e8me brulee was outstanding - such a clever twist on a traditional dessert . i really enjoyed this spot and ca n't wait to go back . they change the menu items from time to time so it 's nice to try the different creations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was at the post office and saw this new place . i went inside first off the place is very strange . wall to wall with things of all sorts rocks gems coins etc . the staff greeted me nice but was very pushy got a offer but thought it was low and they felt needy . so i went elsewhere for another opinion . i stopped at another competitor and got a little less than double what i was offered here . i was really bothered and felt offended by the idea they could offer so much less . they pay really low . i would be cautious and shop around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the place to sell or buy your coins and collectables ... these guys are the real deal ! i came in loaded to bear with my price quotes on two gold coins i wanted to sell , the guy you see on their tv commercials , neil was brought to me at the cashiers window and negotiated with me . he took pics of each coin and sent them to a wholesale buyer . then he based his offer to me on the wholesale bid he received . we offered and counter offered and he gave me just a bit more ... within 15 minutes of meeting neil , i walked out with $ 1,300 in cash for the two coins . i highly recommend this place more than the many other coin dealers and pawn shops here in las vegas . everybody here seems both professional and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they take real good care of customers and are very knowledgeable in all aspects of collectibles and coins . honest and very helpful when i came in with foreign coins , sports cards and miscellaneous collectibles to sell , was real quick and painless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away . found them on google . i went here with a 2ct diamond ring . got offered $ 1250 which i felt was low . but to make sure i decided to check around . i got offered $ 2500 at the next shop i went to . glad i didnt sell it here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were soooo kind and fair . i appreciate you making it easy for me ! i was sad to sell but i 'm really thankful they were so kind ! i had gone to everyone . do n't look further go here ! thank you again ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love working with everyone at this store , especially patrick . it 's definitely worth stopping by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "racist bigots ! ! these guys take the cake ! security intentionally harasses women and minorities . it 's not what you say , but how you say it . i 've watched them low-ball needy customers for a while now seeing them leave the store stressed out . really guys ! ? some of you are sexists pigs ! ! i 've heard some of them commenting on women 's bodies and or breast . you should protect your customers coin mart ! stop playing games\u200b . people are smarter than you give them credit for ! i am no longer a customer and i pray for your downfall . what goes around comes around ... remember that !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very happy with my experience at this place . neil and the other guy , were so nice and extremely knowledgable on the jewelry i brought in . they must have told me their names a few times and it 's my fault for not remembering . maybe mark was the other . anyway i have never been to this type of business and have people be so nice . i was able to make a deal and i recommend this place to anyone looking to sell gold or jewelry . they do everything right in front of you rather than go in a back room or something sketchy . a gemologist and a retired officer ... . very trustworthy business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neil is a certified gemologist ! domanic is very knowledgable numismatist , scott knows his collectibles like no other . great atmosphere with a lot of expertise in all areas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ron and neil were very nice and this place is very reputable and safe ! ! better to bring your jewelry here if you are n't wearing it anymore . i got a great price for my stuff . better to have the cash in the bank than have thiefs take your stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neil was very helpful with the sale of my set of rings . glad to work with them , and i will be back for any of my resale needs of jewelry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know prices and value in costume jewelry . so i knew the value when i talked to neil . he offered ten percent of what it was worth , as he said take it or leave it . it would be a great favor if he would stop the commercial where he is screaming his head off . it scars my cat , it 's like one of those old car commercials from the 60s . it did n't work then and it wo n't work now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly , gave us more than we thought we would get , quick easy and would definitely go back to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst place i have ever visited in my life ! ! ! i felt very disrespected by the worker there ! he had a horrible attitude , the worst i have ever delt with in my life ! would not recommend anyone come here at all !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only one review ! ? scandal . if you 're planning any sort of party ( ie wedding , shower , etc ) where you need to decorate tables with beautiful trinkets or craft thoughtful place settings , b & j is your jam . the place is overflowing with really gorgeous asian inspired tableware and home decor . they have affordable plates , cups , bowls , mixing bowls and the like that are delicately embellished with japanese floral prints or designs - this kind of stuff is usually expensive in other stores but i 've found it really easy to stock up at b & j for a lot less , and who does n't want to add a bit of whimsy to their table setting , right ? they also have cool stackable bento-style lunch boxes , placemats and those rice paper lamps that do n't easily withstand a flailing fist at a bedroom slamdance party to ministry 's `` stigmata '' . what of it ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store trumps every dollar store i 've ever been in . sure , a lot of the products are junk-ish , but it 's dollar store fun with an asian flair . my last purchase consisted of doll-house furniture , wicker baskets , chopstick boxes that i used to give cookies away in , and cocktail umbrellas . i love that i can get presents for someone with an eastern flair and cool plates to use at my next dinner party . it 's a fun place to get lost in , though keep in mind you might go a bit crazy after a while . it 's chinatown though , whaddya ' expect ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i am searching for something last minute or rare , i always hit up b and j trading first because chances are , they will be my only stop.. whether i 'm buying a carafe for a party or a wicker laundry hamper or even wrapping paper , they have it all .. and with an inexpensive price tag attached to it . since dollarama decided to increase their $ 1 price point , i would n't even bother going there any more ... . not when i have a place as fabulous as b and j trading up the street . its definitely worth a pop in .. you never know what you may need until you go there ! ( it 's like ikea ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "b and j trading co. is one of the best store of ... stuff ( ? ) ( ca n't really be categorized ) in the kensington chinatown areas . there are so many random things at great prices you can get there ! i normally go there for : - craft supplies - gift bags wrap decorations - kitchen supplies - household items - birthday cards ... . and anything else i do n't know where else to get ! while the service is not the best - i think that might be a language barrier ( i.e . saying they do n't have something but then upon looking myself i find it ) , if you have the time to look through and pick out what you want , it is definitely worth looking through ! also noteworthy , if you need to buy something in super bulk ( like 100+ ) they 'll give you 10 % off . yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stumbled across this place when i was looking for a specific sized wicker basket with a lid for my new bicycle : ) after finding nothing at kensington , i was told i 'll have better luck in chinatown . luckily , we walked out of kensington on baldwin st and as we passed by the window display of b & j , there it was ! ! my perfect sized wicker basket with a lid ! : d this place has soooo many things that you didnt even know you need . they have everything . they even have pretty asian rice paper . everything is sooo very reasonably priced . seriously . go in to look around . theres no way youre going to come out empty handed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what you can not get at tap phong trading company down the street.. you can probably get them in b & j trading company ! ! love to browse around and look at all the junkie merchandises ... great selections of incense.. ommmmm i am ready for my yoga mediation sessions !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "b & j is one of those organized , yet cluttered places in chinatown that manages to have that one thing that you are looking for . dishes , decor , toys , kitchen utensils or miscellaneous treasures ? they are all here . i have managed to find a vinegar bottle , as well as a set of cheap water glasses for my workplace without having to make special trips to a big box store . the staff are willing to help you find what you are looking for , and they are more than happy to wrap up any breakable item you purchase . they do charge 50 cents for debit purchases under 10 $ . i do not believe they take credit cards , let might be wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going there for as long as i can remember and it always has the most amazing things ! you do have to search but that 's part of the adventure because you always find the hidden treasures . it 's perfect for stocking stuffers , last minute funny gifts , and super cheap essentials ! it has been and always will be one of my favourite places to shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a gem ! when shopping for little knick knacks , this store is hard to beat - and the prices are great too . an absolute must for anyone visiting the city and shopping in chinatown - or locals looking for a deal on fun and pretty items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow there is so much stuff here . we walked around all of chinatown and kensington market looking for ribbon today . and we ended up finding it here . tons of colours and textures . we got a 50yrd spool for $ 5 . it was more than enough for what we needed . there 's also tons of random things like tools , vases , gifts souvenirs . come here first !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place because of gives me the option of getting a delicious dessert that i can eat on my low carb diet . i can get any sugar free flavor , with coconut or almond milk , a mix in and voila- a healthy ice cream alternative i can do without breaking my diet . a little pricier than cold stone though ... the n2o is the coolest thing to watch though . and the customer service was great . kids will love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found out about these guys from an ice cream social at the brass tap and loved everything they made ! i have been dying to stop in and try their regular flavors . i wish i would have done so sooner because it was amazing ! it was so neat to watch them make up my own particular creation . i ca n't wait to go back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their frozen yogurt is delicious and it is cool to see the nitrogen smoke when they are making your treat . the loyalty points are a bonus and i 've already earned free ice cream ! personally my favorite flavor is strawberry watermelon with peanut butter chips !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun , geeky way to get your ice cream fix . custom make any flavor ice cream you want and watch it get hit with the liquid nitrogen in front of you , which is fun . but , i am a gelato lover , the ice cream was somewhat soft , custard - like for me and the flavor needed a little boost , may just be what i tried . 1 scoop is $ 3.99 & tax , if you want nuts , add 49 cents ! so $ 4.84 ... .. pricey for a scoop and no cone ! this and 1 in tx are the only locations . the staff was friendly and informative .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't review the quality of ice cream because every time i arrive they are closed . once i arrived at 9:03 and their sign was still on that said open , also several people inside , both ordering and eating . we walked in and the girl immediately just yelled at us `` sorry we are closed . '' i did n't plan on returning but yesterday i ate dinner next door and we finished by 8:50 , so thought we 'd try for ice cream again . as we started walking toward the door , the staff inside turned off all the lights and apparently now closed early . i get that no one wants to work after hours , but closing 10 minutes early in front of the customers face is pretty awful service to me . i guess we will never know the quality of ice cream here because we are not returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very cool ! not only a novelty , but is a nice science lesson for the kids , while enjoying a yummy ice cream . i like the sugar free options , and the variety of mix-ins . very cool ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good . fresh cream , add mix ins like pistachio and berries and then they mix . then the excitement . nitrogen freezes it all and very tasty ice cream . we went back the next night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ice cream is excellent , but the staff makes this place unbelievable ! they are so friendly and helpful . they never are impatient and they just seem yo really love their job . i love coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing dairy free options ! ! cashew , coconut or almond milk are all options with many many flavor options . pretty impressed especially because i do n't see it marketed towards vegans . we just randomly went in one night hoping they would have at least 1 dairy free option . i 'd say their milkshakes and sorbet are their best . the ice cream is good but not very sweet , which i like sometimes but does n't appease a super sweet tooth . great for kids though . we do n't live in mesa but always stop by when we 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was craving chocolat icecream so bad but i 'm on a dairy free diet ... .and they made it with soymilk infront of me ! is an amazing place ! is the best icecream in arizona ! ! ! : d ... oh and the customer service is great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely something for everyone ! so many options in terms of favors , toppings , ice cream frozen yogurt sorbet . and it 's delicious ! taste tested a potential fall flavor today , and i would go back just for that . smooth and creamy and perfect for this heat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kids are fans . it is a little expensive , but obviously you 're not going to come here everyday . you order your dessert choice , then the flavor and toppings . kid # 1 is fascinated with the mint choc chip ice cream , the hubby has only tried the different sherberts and kid # 2 has tried all sorts of ice cream combos and everyone has liked them all . the cool part is that as they 're mixing it , there 's a swoosh of ice smoke that comes out , so it 's almost magical . the finished product is a cold delicious dessert . really fun , yummy place in mesa riverview area . glad we found this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious vanilla and chocolate ice cream ! fresh ingredients . we had a hard time finding it at first , but we called and they were very helpful to guide us in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . cool setting watching them make your ice cream . the sorbet is delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place and the atmosphere . workers are really friendly and the ice cream is amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , i love liquid nitrogen so this was very cool to watch them make the ice cream with all the smoke . i ordered a yogurt with mango and coconut . the flavor was very good and the yogurt was very creamy . a different texture then other froyo , almost like a custard . definitely coming back . a medium was $ 4.99 and a little bigger than a medium sundae at say dairy queen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream place in all of the valley ! the toppings are unique and always good . you can mix 2 flavors and however many toppings you want . i usually get almond and pomegranate with nutella and raspberries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by as i was curious on ice cream created via liquid nitrogen . i have went to stores like this previously and it did n't taste good . i chose green tea and the flavor was subtle but tasty . it was very entertaining seeing how the ice cream is created . honestly the only complaint i have about this place was the price . i picked up a small and they literally shaved the ice cream off the top of the cup to make it level . being that stingy was n't very welcoming and the price was expensive . overall , i would return but probably go up in size to get more for the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing . best tasting ice cream i 've ever had ! ! ! ! really impressed with the technology . customer service was wonderful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the yogurt here is the best i 've ever had . holy moley . and my kids loving watching them make the stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tastes exactly like what it is : a last-minute dessert made from a powdered mix , so who cares that they use liquid nitrogen to freeze it ? if jell-o instant pudding is your idea of the finest dessert , then this place might be for you . if you actually have a discerning palate , you 'll recognize in the first taste just how utterly inferior this stuff is . on top of which , it ai n't cheap : it 's at least two-three times as expensive as premium ice creams like ben & jerry 's , and at least eight times as expensive as mid-range brands . and the whole thing of freezing each serving with liquid nitrogen takes quite a while and is really bad for the environment . do n't waste your time , money , or calories on this crap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place makes delicious ice cream creations right in front of you ! i was a little surprised at the price when we checked out , apparently toppings can set you back quite a bit , but i forgot about that while i ate my delicious treat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very pleased with this place for a few good reasons ! the first reason being the dairy free and organic options ! the other reason would be because of the great selections and how much you can save at this place compared to other places ! the price is very reasonable for what you get ! i got the tart frozen yogurt ( yes , i know ... how sad ) i then added strawberries and blueberries . i did n't give this place a 5 star because the customer service was not the best . one girl was great at the front but the others almost made it uncomfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a very cool concept and the facility is pretty clean . the ice cream came out like butter and the texture is different but so yummy . i do have to say everything is on the sweet side so i 'd probably go with the light option . the coconut has to be my favorite flavor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for the first time today . they were friendly gladly offering suggestions and answering questions . we ordered ice cream and sorbet , both were excellent . the ice cream was the creamiest i 've had . we will definitely be going back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has so many flavor combinations , and they create all the ice cream fresh and right before your eyes with liquid nitrogen ! it is pretty awesome to watch . best ice cream i have ever had and i love how you can get it organic if you want !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought this might just be a novelty , but it is delicious ! i had vanilla with fresh bananas and carmel . it was great and so smooth . i think the liquid nitrogen makes it so there is no ice crystals . very enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee ice cream did n't taste like coffee . bland and no flavor . seemed like a long prep process for just one flavor and one topping . i did n't see any difference from any other the other nearby ice cream yogurt shops .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "showed up at 8:30pm and was turned away , supposedly they ran out of nitrogen . disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here thinking that it was a regular frozen yogurt joint . i was wrong . whatever , i 'm fine with new experiences . and the place looks pretty cool , and the entire concept was pretty awesome . but i ordered a white chocolate and strawberry yogurt , thinking that it would be a delicious and `` healthy '' option here . i was wrong . it actually tasted like they went and grabbed a couple of gogurts that were fortunate enough to be stored inside , not around , not beneath , but inside a homeless man 's asshole . what a disgusting combo that i could n't even sample or get through half of because of the way everything is made . definitely not coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fun , different , gimmicky , expensive and ice cream that is just ok .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome ice cream and frozen yogurt . even cooler that it 's made to order however you 'd like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the flavor was awsome . the employee are really nice . definitely stands our from other ice cream places . only reason i gave them a low rating is because their was hair in my ice cream . employees with long hair should have to where in a ponytail or up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not for me . the flavor was off for me . the chocolate had an alcohol type flavor to it . i 'm not sure if they add chocolate syrup to the base to make it chocolate , but the flavor was so awful i could n't taste my pb cup candy mix-ins , it was strong and unappetizing . not a desirable dessert . the texture and consistency was like creamy ice cream , but i could n't get over the unnatural flavor . my husbands caramel-chocolate had the same overpowering flavor . if i 'm going to splurge on dessert , it better be worth it and this was not even close . i 'm sorry , but i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they can pretty much make any kind of flavor you can think of . it 's cute how the fog covers the pot and magically icecream appears . the poster in front of the store said it was one of the best 25 icecream places in the usa . i personally prefer the consistency of gelato . i would say this is a good place to bring a date since it is a memorable experience . i personally would n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were overwhelmed by the selection . my friend went simple with the chocolate with peanuts and strawberries . i decided to be adventurous and tried the red velvet with nutella and cookie dough . ( my friend stole a few extra bites of mine ! ) i appreciated the dairy-free options , since i 'm lactose intolerant and get tired of sorbet very quickly . i had soy milk , but they also had cashew and almond milks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thoroughly impressed with the chemistry of this place ! super tasty ice cream and frozen yogurt too ! ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun to experience . favors were good . not my top pick for ice cream but i would go back . kids loved watching their ice cream be made .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place was almost empty . the ice i cream was light but was very sweet . a little pricey . i was not sure what to order but went with their recommendations . . i ended up throwing out most on the ice cream", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the ice cream is delicious ! the best part is being able to custom your milk product , flavored and toppings . then you get to watch them make it . the downfall , there is n't too many sugar free options and they do n't allow certain flavor in yogurt . so it 's not too customizable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this shop on three occasions to purchase parts , ask advice and have some help with minor repairs . it 's a one man shop that does a great job for what it is . the guy is very helpful and knows a lot about small engines and the like . his prices are reasonable and he has been great for a semi-do-it-yourself guy like me trying to keep my old craftsman lawnmower running as long as possible . i highly recommend this shop , but call first to make sure he can service your equipment and that he carries your parts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small one man shop , he does a select brand repair . call before you go to make sure that he repirs your brand . he is excellent , knowledgeable , and will talk your head off . real old school repair shop . great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "repair took a little longer than expected . when i brought my mower in he figured out the problem quickly . prices are very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this old man is excellent ... he knows he these machines inside and out , and will not overcharge you..he showed me the receipt for the part and 5 bucks to replace it . i threw him a 10 on top of that . sears wanted to charge me 89 bucks just to look it . gl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased . it 's a one-man operation , so if he 's busy your wait may be longer , but i took my mower in friday morning and had it back early saturday morning . the replaced parts were returned to me with an explanation of the problem and work done . the price was very reasonable . i wo n't hesitate to return or refer dnm to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible unprofessional service ! ! ! i only gave them 1 star because theres no way to choose no star . the boys ( yes boys ) that took our order were super unprofessional . they were hollering across the restaurant to each other over dining customers . i have shellfish allergies and made them aware of my issue . the response was `` do you have another order to place '' ... there was no acknowledgement of my concern . our order took 40 mins to fill and thry only had 4 other tables being served . not only was our order wrong once recd , im not confident that they made any accomodations or quality control over my order . not sure if they have switched owners or they have decided to let these incompetent unprofessional kids run the place . either way , paying customers expect more . this was truly a low class establishment and will never get my business again . i will be spreading the word . my advise , take the drive to steves . they know how to treat their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ick ... went here one night because the traffic on 51 was uber crazy and my bff was craving seafood . it was a monday and captain steve 's was closed , so we decided to give this place a try . i know my fried oyster habit is unhealthy , but what is a girl to do ? 75 % of the items on the salad bar were canned veggies or plastic salads , the fried seafood needed salt and the fries were mushy . it just was n't good . the ladies that served us could n't be sweeter , though . great gals at pier 51 . now , i will concede that people are territorial and loyal to their calabash house , maybe it was an off night for the restaurant and i wanted something else , and i 'm too picky about salad bars ... who knows .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "honestly , i ca n't say enough about this place . first of all , the owner is incredibly rude . i 've been here with my boyfriend and his father many times , and the owner will chat happily with the men at the table without so much as a peep to me . i hate to say this about some one but he 's openly ignored me every single time he 's come to the table . the service is actually great from the waitresses . all of them ! kudos ladies ! the food is subpar , bland , and frozen . the portions are gigantic , which normally i love because i get seconds the next day , but even though i take food home every time , they 're thrown away because i never have any interest or desire in eating this food again . any time you feel like trying it , do yourself a favor and skip it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ... .food is cooked to perfection ... i came here for lunch buffet was $ 8.50 . it was all you can eat with a salad bar and that is seafood with all of the hot bar along with baked chicken fried chicken shrimp and grits with delicious . i will be coming back here if i 'm in the mood for some good seafood at a decent price and the place is very clean and nice . i have been back to this place twice since i found it..they have the best baked fish i will go there again today for lunch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing fancy . just honest food for a great price . popular with seniors and families . for about $ 10 you get a full meal with salad bar . great friendly service . family owned and operated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waitress was friendly to the regulars but seemed to dislike new customers , which we were . this will be our first and last time there . clam chowder tasted old and had no seasoning . shrimp were ok ... hushpuppies were ok. fried flounder tasted horrible - tasted like the smell inside of an aquarium . never tasted fish that bad before , not even from places like long john silvers ( long john silvers tastes much better than this place - yes , it was that bad ! ) . captain steve 's or mayflower are much better alternatives for local seafood places . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is very fried , which is not something i enjoy . the salad bar appears unappetizing between the very soggy lettuce and the greyish eggs . i was very amused to see that they had a & e on their tvs after reading another review where they had brought their kids and had to watch one of the crime shows . we also had crime shows ! that did n't bother us at all but i did find it amusing . our server was very pleasant and we had a great time . the decor is lackluster and the place was very empty . the biggest factor in the low star rating was the food . it was n't tasty and it stuck with me for a long time . it was not my cup of tea .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did n't really like it . definitely better options out there . fish had no taste . soup tasted like melted butter . barf and i ca n't comment on hush puppies bc in general i do n't eat fried foods . took one bite was enough for me . i guess you can try it just to try it . why not..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! small portions and the service is terrible . the food definitely lacked some flavor , i would not suggest this to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting ! our meal ended abruptly when an enormous cockroach ran out from under our table . the manager grabbed a vacuum and acted like she was vacuuming as normal . when i made her aware that we saw the cockroach and that we had lost our appetites , her response was that `` that sort of thing just happens , you know ? you should still pay for your meal . '' apparently , i do n't know because i do n't remember ever having a cockroach run out from under my table and i would never consider that business as usual . never again pier 51 ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i must say , we are pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food . we 've only been twice but both times our party has been really happy with the food . we 've tried broiled fish , scallops , shrimp , steak and fried fish . everything is cooked and seasoned perfectly . we think they skimp in some areas ( salad bar , decor ) to compensate for the quality entrees , work for us ! oh and the service has always been efficient and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel in love with place when i was in college . if you are caving seafood this is the place to go . every time my family come up for a visit they request pier 51 . they have great lunch special that will not break your wallet . they just added an all you can eat buffet to their lunch menu . the staff is always friendly and even the cooks comes out and makes sure you enjoyed your meal . you should check them out if you have n't .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food : i ordered the broiled flounder with fried okra . the fish was good , very lightly breaded , but there was a pool of oil that detracted from the point of getting the broiled fish . my mom ordered the friend alaskan white fish with calabash shrimp and onion rings . some of the shrimp were n't cleaned and the onion ring batter was bland . service took a nose-dive when we tried to use the coupon from clipper magazine . i went into the restaurant flaunting this coupon , but the server did n't help us use it . so the man who rang us up claimed the coupon could n't be used with what we 'd ordered . i do n't know which small-print he was referring to , but it did n't say it could n't be used with the daily specials . i found this rather rude and do n't care to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took the family on a saturday night and overall we had a good meal . service was excellent . waitress checked up on us a few times . the salad bar has a good variety and everything tasted fresh . the cole slaw was especially good . i had broiled salmon with a baked potato and my wife had fried flounder with a sweet potato . both meals were good the prices are reasonable . it was busy and seems to have a lot of regulars which is a good sign . it is not fancy but it is a good place to have a seafood meal . the only gripe i have is that the men 's room needed a good cleaning and an upgrade . a nice clean , modern restroom goes a long way with me . even though it may not relate directly to the food being served , it sets the tone of the place to me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first visit to this winner of `` charlotte 's best seafood restaurant '' as conferred by some local mag . my mom had whole fried catfish which is tough to find and delicious when properly prepared . the catfish at pier 51 is well done , nicely seasoned and crispy on the outside while deliciously moist in the interior . i ordered fried oysters which were less than perfect mainly because they were small . onion rings were too hard yet light in color suggesting that the batter and oil temp were not right . we liked the hushpuppies although they were served with country crock honey margarine ( a processed food i refuse to eat ) . the salad bar was abysmal with three kinds of purchased ( vs house made ) coleslaw and otherwise iceberg lettuce , aged tomato wedges , grated cheese , diced overcooked eggs , cukes , dill pickle slices and grated carrots . prices are reasonable , and the place is very good for families . quality is uneven .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our favorite seafood resteraunt in charlotte . we are a bit spoiled having grown up in florida where super fresh sea food is everywhere but pier 51 does a really good job with what is available . you wo n't leave hungry either as the portions are huge and salad bar comes with dinner . they recently added a lunch buffet that i am anxious to try . the owner actually works there and will not only listen to suggestions he will actually ask for your opinion when he is changing menu items . the wait staff has always been top notch and the food quality very good and fast every time we have been there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great meal there friday night . i had the crab legs . had a family of 7 on a busy friday but they found a way to seat us and give us great service . no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edit : recently , they closed - no sign of relocation or anything - i 'm sad about it but , just do n't want ya driving there for nothing . [ end edit ] . i love this place . the seafood is hard to beat , hand made batter for the fried food - and this is going to sound odd but , the green beans are unusually good . i have n't had a thing here that 's bad and the wait staff and owner are extremely nice . i 'm giving it 5 stars because the customer service , the food and the pricing are so good even though i have a gripe - the salad bar ( which comes free with most meals ) serves only iceberg lettuce which has 0 nutritional value - if you add ranch - then it has negative nutritional value , i 'm not docking a star for it because good customer service like this is rare and they deserve it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great ! ! ! ! the hubby was a little wary of the strip mall environment & the clientele is definitely `` of the local assortment '' -very nice & family- oriented . no alcohol served , but we planned to go out later for drinks . seafood was good ... service , efficient & friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very fresh seafood , love the fact entrees come with the salad bar . the prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly . everything is good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to rekindle date night on a budget ! my wife and i ended up childless for a rare evening so we decided to treat ourselves to a night out . no reservations on a friday night usually means long lines but we decided to stop in for seafood here and were not disappointed at all ! despite an open style dining area , the ambience was comfortable and casual but still had a nice `` wharf '' type feel to it . the food was amazing . i had the swordfish steak which was absolutely great . no overpowering seafood taste or aroma ; you could tell it was fresh and very tasty ! my wife had the broiled shrimp and scallops while not only tasted great , was well presented and set the tone for a nice relaxed meal . our server was very professional and the overall experience was much better than we had hoped for on a busy friday night with an impromptu date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meal includes a trip to the excellent salad bar . fried flounder , shrimp and scallops do n't disappoint . orion rings are very good . hush puppies are very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great customer service ! now for the bad : horrible water quality . my tea would have been yummy if not for the nasty water . had to drink a cola so the water quality was better masked . food was meh . seafood was not very good . hushpuppies was yummy , onion rings horrible . salad bar was very limited . everything was fresh , but reminded me of a middle school salad bar . wish it was better . felt very down home and welcoming", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wish we 'd known about this when we lived in charlotte . a hidden gem . food is plentiful , very tasty , service professional , clean , quiet atmosphere and an owner who is on the property and very involved . no wonder it 's been here so long . i do wish they would have music in the background , that would be nice since it 's pretty antiseptic . we 'll be back , that 's a definite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fred is fried ... nothing that wowed us ... saled bar was ok ... sauerkraut was out of place but everthing standered ... food came out fast enough ... picttures of cold beer on menu ... big tease ... no abc permit ... sticky salt and pepper and condiments ... dont think i would go back ... 40 for two adults and a child ... bit much", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best accident personal injury lawyer there is . helped me and my family of 4 in so many ways it 's unbelievable . if it was n't for him i would still be dealing with the other party 's insurance . thank you so much to mr ladah and his staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have been a great help . continued to fight for my case . great service staff is very friendly . highly recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little neighbourhood grocery . they always have crates of seasonal produce on sale outside . inside there is everything you 'd expect in a little corner grocery : fresh bread , fruits and veggies , a meat counter and assorted packaged goods , with a portuguese flavor . all that in the same amount of space a suburban depanneur occupies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mon \u00e9picerie pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9e ! les fruits et l\u00e9gumes sont choisis mieux qu'ailleurs . les l\u00e9gumes sont toujours beaux et frais et les fruits sont toujours \u00e0 point , sucr\u00e9s et d\u00e9licieux . le pain de ma\u00efs est un r\u00e9gal , le chorizo maison est leur sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 et le poulet r\u00f4ti est parfait . bon choix de noix et l\u00e9gumineuses . beaucoup de poissons et fruits de mer congel\u00e9s ou s\u00e9ch\u00e9s-sal\u00e9s . et on y trouve du fromage frais ( en barquette ) de vache et de ch\u00e8vre . bref c'est tout petit mais on y trouve tout ce qu'il faut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection cool prices and hard to find import . what do you want more . staff is super cool too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there last week , bought a frozen octopus , and even there the packaging showed already a weight figure , the lady weighed it on their scale , which obviously showed about 150g more . i told her and she was not very happy about it , and she ended up saying it 's only about a dollar difference , and i told her it 's a matter of principle , not money . i went again today , she did it again . on top of that , their scale is due for calibration for a few years now . i 'm done with them , picado half block away gives a much more honest service , but they are closed for holidays .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "carrie is amazing ! hands down the best hair stylist i 've ever had and i am very picky . i do n't trust anyone else with my hair . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to carie for 5 years since we met when she worked at another salon . she is amazing , i have had several brazilian blowouts and cuts and colors regularly over the years . she has become a great friend too . i appreciate that her prices are reasonable and i would recommend her to anyone looking for a great stylist . love that she works sundays too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to carrie for over 2years , she does an amazing job at keeping me a redhead that everyone assumes is my natural color : - ) the salon is quaint and has a great ambiance . you can relax and enjoy an one on one experience without the crowds of most salons . you get great personal attention here and get exactly what you want ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing carrie for brazilian blowouts , colors , and cuts for more than 2 years . she 's the first stylist that i 've gone to more than once in a long time . i can sit there for the 3 hours or so and never run out of things to talk about . usually i let her do what she wants with my hair and i 'm never disappointed . i highly recommend her she 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of carrie for over a year . i have been thrilled with the brazillian blowout and color results . she is excellent with cut and style for my long hair ! i have been so pleased with her services and she has a wonderful , fun personality ! i would highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carrie is an amazing hair stylist and really knows how to cut and style your hair to make you look fabulous ! i have really curly hair and i 've always been satisfied with the cut and my hair looks balanced and layered nicely after every cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "studio baby salon - carie has been my hairdresser for 6 years now . she does a great job - she listens to what i want and magically makes it happen . i would n't go elsewhere . if you are looking for a hairstylist ... i recommend her highly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carrie was an absolute joy to have work on my hair . the two hours it took to do my brazilian blowout felt like just a few minutes as it instantly felt like hanging out with an old friend . my hair looks the best it ever has and i could n't be happier with it . i have been looking for a stylist to become a regular with and i have found her . i 'll never go anywhere else as long as i 'm in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't enjoy the large salon environments ... and ca n't sit for 3 hours in a chair ! but i want good hair ! ! carie listens , offers suggestions and gets the job done in a nice small studio environment . she can almost always get me in within the week too , which is important to me ... since i do n't plan ahead very well ! ! carie is my girl ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carrie has been by far the best stylist i 've been to . i 've never had to go back for a cut or color fix . she introduced me to the brazilian blowout and i could n't be happier ! ! ! i would recommend to her everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent northern indian cuisine . they serve many of the typical entrees expected but with a different twist , yielding dishes that are rich and somehow more flavorful . there is a distinct quality to their food that puts them above many restaurants with the same items . portions are hearty and have the option of small and large sizes for entrees and prices are more reasonable than average . main dishes come with rice . the restaurant is mostly for carry out and delivery with just a few tables and chairs available . located conveniently near the cmu and pitt campuses , their entrees are worth the walk over to try out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meal came with samosas which were not on the menu , but really , really tasty . you get one with each meal as well as a small salad . the samosa was the best part of the meal by far . the meal size is nice for the amount you pay and very reasonable ( not a lot , but not nothing either ) . but the food is just incredibly bland . making something spicy-hot wo n't cover the fact that the spice blends that should be there just are n't ( or if they are , they just do n't pop ) . we got delivery and we wo n't eat from here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my first experience with this had some issues , but i 'll definitely try it again , because they seemed like it might have just been a bad day for the owner ... and the food was great anyway . i wanted some kheema samosas and galub jamun along with my two entrees , but he had neither that day . he offered a free vegetable samosa and free kheer to apologize . when he came ( which i believe was the same guy i spoke to on the phone and the owner ? ) , he forgot to bring change so i could not pay him . he told us to just `` keep the food and pay some other time , '' but since it is a newer business , we felt bad and decided to call him and pay over the phone . ( `` no ! i wanted you to have it ! '' he said ? heh . but finally complied . ) but yes , the food that we did get was very delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this starbucks is located inside planet hollywood . we came around 10pm and thankfully the place was still open . unfortunately , despite having three employees working that night , i still had to wait a while for my drink to be made . the barista was very slow . one other person ordered ahead of me but somehow i still had to wait 15 minutes for my coffee to be made ( it was not a complicated drink ) . another person who had ordered a while before me had his drink taken by someone else and they had to remake his drink . there is a lot of seating in this starbucks . it was clean and comfortable . service is just slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while i normally strongly dislike the actual taste of starbucks ' coffees , this one is particularly special to me . for one thing , they actually list their treintas on the menu here . i mean , who does n't need 31 fluid ounces of addictive teeth-staining liquid crack when they 're in vegas , a city that stays alive all through the night and only sleeps at 6am like i used to ? back in the day ( you know , when i actually did grown up things ) , i would always buy a venti or treinta americano and tip the kind casino servers generously to get 2 doubles of baileys for my coffee . yum . : - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the good : quicker than you 'd think . the line may stretch out into the casino , but you 'll likely have your drink in 10 min or less . the bad : not starbucks items in the pastry case , so if you were looking for that lemon bread or salted caramel square , you 're out of luck , buddy . the ugly : nothing , it was quite nice . they do n't take starbucks cards for payment , though , that might get ugly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "packed , cramped and long lines . there is cake and muffin crumbs all over the floor . the tables are piled with dirty empty coffee cups . it is crazy how much people will do or attempt to do for a starbucks . wait in an endless line for a less than sub-par cup of coffee ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pricier starbucks because it 's on the strip and open 24 7 . while people will still come for its convenient location , you have been forewarned . this location is horrible . while the barista was friendly , our drinks were made so slowly ( and there was no one in front of us ) and were either sickeningly sweet or lacked espresso flavor . i ordered a peppermint latte and i ended up tasting more foam and no espresso or peppermint . also , if you go after midnight , like we did , you could only pay by cash . lame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is super friendly but the coffee sucks . you would think starbucks is starbucks , a place where you can consistently get a good cup of ( expensive ) coffee . apparently that 's not correct and some starbucks can suck . well this is one of the ones to avoid . do yourself a favor and walk another 2 minutes to the next one . 3 people in my party , 3 disappointing cups of watered down shitty coffee . i even had mine remade ( the guy was very nice about it ) but the 2nd cup was hardly better . he suggested that i add a shot of espresso to make it stronger . i should have suggested they make a decent iced coffee that does n't need a shot to taste like every other starbucks in america ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this starbucks is in planet hollywood next to the pool . the coffee here is pricier and i do n't care if it 's open 24 7 but if you ca n't get a simple order like my two shots of espresso with two pumps of white mocha , stride then add ice then you should just stay close . the guy who took my order messed up my drink and it ended up half stride and tasted like pure candy . i could n't even taste my coffee ! i would have been better off buying a pre-made starbucks coffee bottle from a convenient store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dirty . expensive . not owned by starbucks themselves ... they are privately owned which is why they do not accept starbucks gift cards as payment . they did run my gold card through however , since it 's not really part of the actual starbucks company , they did not honor my gold card benefits . they did have some cute pastries ... but those are not your typical starbucks treats . save your coffee addictions for a small business privately owned coffee shop instead of these wannabe starbucks . my $ 5 tall sized carmel macchiato did not taste like carmel macchiato at all ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looooooooong wait just to get served . as the line was way into the casino , i see a starbucks employee stocking shelves . understaffing leads to poor customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "to start off : i 've worked at a starbucks for nearly 3 years . so i know how much things should be and i know when my drink is made wrong . my drink is a pretty complicated one and i get it , easy to mess up . but the guy ringing me up did n't hear me right and so he wrote down the wrong thing , therefore causing the girl making it to screw it up . and i was charged double what i should 've been charged . maybe because it 's vegas ? whatever . i paid too much for a crap drink . good thing i do n't live on vegas . tourists , stay away ! you 've been warned . if you need free wifi , go to earl 's sandwich ! the food 's awesome and the wifi is free as well : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "who the hell charges a dollar for a cup of water ? ? if i 'm ordering coffee and snacks , why would you charge a dollar for a cup of water ... it 's not the money factor , but more of the principle behind it all.. the starbucks around my neighborhood offer water without hesitation or charge ... i just found it ridicules that they asked to pay for it ... this place seems to always be busy- but what else can you expect from a starbucks in vegas ? i 'll give them one thing though , they had delicious looking fruit snacks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is open 24 7 and staff is fairly friendly and efficient , but this place is pretty over priced compare to other starbucks in the area ... also they charged us 50 cents for water -___- '' i guess only come here if you 're in desperate need to caffeine after hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coffeehouse chain store located inside the planet hollywood casino hotel . this location is moderate-sized with a fair amount of indoor seating . my husband & i stumbled in here as we were dying of thirst from walking the strip . they were n't very busy , but we were surprised that they charge $ 1.00 ea for water cups . yikes !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm really happy there 's a starbuck 's downstairs at planet hollywood but i 'd be much happier if i did n't have to pay a premium for my morning caffeine fix . for what i paid for a tall drip i could have had two grandes at my local starbucks . always crowded in the morning but not so much in the afternoons . there were three baristas at the cash registers at 7 am . while the line moved relatively quickly ( i do n't consider a ten minute wait too long btw ) i was rushed in ordering and forgot to get anything to eat . maybe i should be glad as i can only imagine what they charge for scones . they did provide those tray carriers which made my carrying the coffee back to my room a lot easier .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "too expensive ! ! and that 's saying something for starbucks . and they tried to charge me a $ 1.50 for a cup of water . a cup of water ! ! ! ! overpriced and cheap with their customers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this starbucks has a huge sign stating it now serves breakfast . after waiting in line for 10 minutes on 2 occasions , i was told `` the delivery did n't arrive '' . they simply advertise something they never have ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dude i have never heard of a starbucks with a bad rating untill now . i wan na give it 2.5 stars . just because the line was long and it 's not there fault . i sat on a small nice looking sofa seat untill i looked closer.. its dirty and kinda tore up . the place does not take the starbucks card for some reason . and my latte was kinda burnt . maybe just a bad day.. well from all the review and the star rating it been a bad forever . oh i did n't get wifi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there 's three different ways i 've judged the different starbucks locations over the years . 1 . speed of service 2 . quality of their brewed iced coffee 3 . friendliness of the staff this starbucks was the definition of mediocrity . the baristas were numerous during the day time , but everyone still had to wait an extended period of time for their drinks . their iced coffee was okay , perfectly acceptable . their staff , at least the one who rang me up , was not the friendliest . she dropped a couple of pennies that i gave to her on the floor , and then had the gall to think i short changed her . minor transgression , but definitely a little annoying . one plus though , is that they have very different pastries , much more upscale than the normal starbucks fare .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i totally agree with jess y . the guy in front of me got charged $ 1 for tap water . this starbucks had used drink cups everywhere . i dont get why people do n't clean up after themselves . needs to be cleaned . this starbucks wasnt cooperate so they didnt take my amazon local 20 % off . for some reason the prices are higher for starbucks on the strip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is a big sign that says `` free wi-fi '' on the wall . i came here on monday and the wi-fi did not work . i thought that it was just temporary . i came here on tuesday and the wi-fi still did n't work . i came here on wednesday and the wi-fi did n't work . eventually i came to the conclusion that these people were pissing me off . this is a scam set up so you pay $ 13.99 for planet hollywood 's wi-fi service . not to mention that the prices are like double of a regular starbucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "-it 's starbucks -it 's next to slot machines next to casino floor -it 's next to loud slight machines next to casino floor -walk outlets are available to charge stuff -okay studying on a thursday night at 3am -earls for munchies if you need it come here if you want : to charge your devices , to get okay drinks , somewhere open 24hours do not come here if : you need a reasonable noise level to do work , you hate homeless people that wander in every once in a while , you hate tourists", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 5.50 for my $ 3.25 tea ? c'mon guys , you have the market , why exploit is like that ? place wad clean..ish . a little run down like the rest of the casino", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over priced because it 's on the strip , tables were dirty , the barista messed up our orders on 2 separate occasions and i 'm pretty sure my drink was decaf lol if there had been s coffee machine in our room at planet hollywood , i would n't have bothered . my advice , save your money and grab something at walgreens just outside .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not an easy find when you first walk into planet hollywood , and if i was n't eating at gordon ramsey , it 'll be easy to miss . but it 's got a great seating arrangement , feels like a lounge , and needless to say , lots of ppl watching here , facing the casino .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great starbucks in planet hollywood . it is kind of tuckedaway from the hustle an bustle of the casino , out of view of the dirty pit and concerts . it has a lot of seating and 4 comfy chairs that all have their on outlet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst green tea frappucino i ever had came from this location . they charged me 10.00 for a grande frap and a grande cup of coffee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this starbucks is expensive and of course the lines are long , but it 's to be expected - it 's vegas ! there 's a location on the casino floor and also one by check-in . i went to the one on the casino floor when i was in vegas recently and they made my drink wrong and i had to bring it back - the barista who remade it was so nice about it and remade it quickly and perfectly ! he was super tall and i remember his name was adam . he made my morning , he was so nice and so funny ! the reason i remember him specifically is because the other two baristas right there were too busy having a conversation about going out the night before and he was the only one paying attention . thanks for the attentiveness and the best hazelnut macchiato ever !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's pretentious , it 's inconsistent , and it 's a little grimy . it 's starbucks . this location is pricey due to it 's location and it 's very crowded but it 's the typical impatient customers , indifferent employees , and burnt coffee that you 'll find at any other starbucks . to expect otherwise is an effort in futility so lighten up people !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical customer service . nothing really special to say about this location but definitely a good place for a quick me up if you dont want to drink alcohol . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited 10 minutes in line to find out a venti iced coffee breve costs $ 5.68 ... same price as a venti iced white mocha ? questionable how that turned out to be . paying for convenience of a starbucks on las vegas blvd i guess ... .. but , they do accept the starbucks gift cards to earn those stars whether it be on your phone or a physical card they take it ! even though the line took forever , the drinks came out fast and i was out in a jiffy after i ordered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy roadside robbery ! coffee : more expensive than the starbucks even at other hotels in the immediate area . water : even the airport does not go above $ 6 for a bottle of water . hmmm , i think i got mugged at the starbucks . but the good news is , they donate 5 cents ... that 's right ... .5 cents from my $ 6 water purchase . : ) do not save the world all at once starbucks ... you may earn more customers if you do it slowly ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ouch ! expensive , loud and not what you expect from starbucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staff is very active they understand every detail of how you want things . the food is ok", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this barista shop is located at connection of miracle mile mall and hilton grand vacation . great service and excellent attention to product makes the coffee great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very understaffed . long lines . and the pastries and drinks are way overpriced . $ 3.50 for a small cup of regular joe . they do take starbucks card now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kind of disappointed that we were charged for water . i thought all customers are supposed to be disclosed of any additional charges . i have never been charged for water at a starbucks . it was dirty , tables with drinks on them left by lazy customers . their wi-fi was not working at all . just disappointing . too many employees behind the back counter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this starbucks gets 4 stars simply because free wifi inside the casino ! ! ! ! ! ! want wifi in your hotel room ? $ 13 . venture downstairs to the starbucks ? free ! you do n't even have to buy anything @ starbucks to mooch off their wifi . open 24 hours ! and ... they do not accept starbucks giftcards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is located inside the planet hollywood , downstairs , and right in front of the valet and hotel registration area . slowest service everrr ... valet said it would take 20 minutes to retrieve my car , so i had to kill time somehow . looked around , saw sb , and there was only 7 people in line . little did i know that it would take 20 minutes to get my coffee ! small fruit cup = $ 5 , ouch . do n't come here if you 're in a hurry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited here a number of times on recent stay and always unclean . had a bad experience with the staff who would not honour their cash register generated discount coupons and were very rude . changed to the starbucks on lobby floor who happily honoured coupons and were friendly . would go back to the upstairs one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "inside planet hollywood . i ordered 4 drinks . got 3. after waiting and seeing a few people that was in line behind me get their drinks , i went up to the barista and asked if my ice venti carmel macc on the way . the barista seemed disinterested , lucky i had my reciept this morning , normally i dont ask for a reciept . but he ( adam ? ) seemed to not care , he finally made the drink after making some other drinks . i would have at least expected an apology , or for them to rush my drink since they made me wait . horrible . this happened 5 29 2013 at 9:56 am .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow . worst starbucks experience ever . the only place to ever charge a dollar extra for a splash of soy milk in espresso . the people working there could not have been more rude about insisting on the dollar plus tax and being super bitchy . oh well . wo n't ever go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate giving bad reviews . i know is vagas and some things cost alot . and alot of people trying to get the same thing can take time . and many people there you might be able to clean the place . but , the employees just act like they do n't want to be there . the look on their faces when people ordered . its hard to put it . its like i had bad vibes from everyone there . i can tell you they were n't the happy smiling mc donalds workers . 1 . very slow 2 . employees really did n't seem like they wanted to take orders . 3 . very dirty . i think people from the casino cleaned it up before the star bucks employees . 4 . i could n't see star bucks aproving this place being a part of their chain . i would think they should send some one out there to check on them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed at planet hollywood for four nights , with no in room coffee pot you have no choice but to buy at one of the 2 starbucks ( or get room service $ $ $ ) this starbucks is a total rip off ! high prices ! long lines ! mediocre service ! out of blonde roast within first hour of opening at 6am and barista was not real interested in putting more on to brew . they ran out of awake tea . they advertise hot breakfast sandwiches rolls but none available during our stay . we could not use our starbucks phone app to pay or accumulate points because they were having `` technical issues '' living in wa state the home of starbucks , we were very disappointed !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a $ 5.99 , quick , nutritious and delicious lunch special , then this could hit the spot ! i finally tried the food counter at rani 's . they have sweets and snacks , but they also have vegetarian lunch thali , a tray filled with savory indian dishes . it includes rice , dal , and two additional curries , plus it is served with bread . the eggplant curry was definitely the hit of the afternoon with big chunks of eggplant and a perfectly balanced seasoning . it is very informal . you order at the counter , and there are only 4 or 5 tables . after you finish eating , you can do some grocery shopping . we picked up a couple bars of chandrika ! definitely add this to your list of quick , cheap ethnic lunch delights !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this city has a million ethnic specialty grocers : this one stands apart from the pack a little . in addition to a smorgasbord of indian spices , rices , and teas , they have jewelry , accessories , and some kitchenware as well . food sections also include mediterranean aisle and a british english foods row . unfortunately , the produce is not particularly fresh but they have tons of sweets from nearly every culture here . the food counter on the right hand side of the store sells vegetarian indian foods : mostly paneers , dosas , and chaats . the samosas are tasty and the chutneys and other sauces are no joke . pricing is good , just wish they offered a bit more and were n't necessarily limited to a vegetarian menu . insider note ; they have 6 locations of rani 's , this is the only one in lv and there 's another in houston with the rest in california .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place is clean and very organized and it was nice to be able to find everything we needed easily ... they also have serve food ... different types of chaat and other snacks as well as mithai ... .the lady running the food section is extremely sweet and welcoming..we went to order bhel puri and she offered us pakoras from a fresh hot batch she had just fried . i should never go to the grocery store when hungry cause i ended up also ordering a samosa chat . the portions are huge and i was full after eating some of the bhel ! also , they have free tea which is great.. i was also impressed with their customer orientation ... the guy at the cash register mentioned alternatives to some stuff we had bought . he even replaced a cauliflower we had chosen stating that it did n't look very good ... i will definitely go again even though its a distance from home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are fan of indian food , be sure to check out this indian grocery store ! they have everything you need to cook an indian meal ! we came here to check out the place and to our surprise we discovered a small fast food eatery inside this grocery store . so today we came back to try the food here . we ordered the curried potatoes , lentils , rice and vegetable samosas . i think my favorite is the samosa . you get two huge samosa served with mint and tamarind sauce ! the best part of this is the samosa is only $ 1.99 ! i am definitely coming back for more samosa later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure why many of the posters give it a low rating . i loved the store , the people and the fresh food . the free chai did n't spoil the fun either . check it out folks . but do n't expect white glove service . after all it is an indian grocery store . however , i thought it was a great place compared to other indian stores here and in other cities . tip : in the back , do ask them for what 's fresh off the kitchen and try it . if they have `` mirchi-bajji '' fresh , it is a must have with the free chai ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im so glad i found this place ! ( actually , im so glad my co-worker read about it and decided to go find it with me-lol ) i had always wanted to attempt making curry and other indian dishes but i didnt find the ingredients or didnt fully understand the details in the instructions . we both took our cookbooks ... and off we go ... we were going to see the wizard ! ! ! jackpot ! ! ! ! we found every item and the young lady that was stocking the shelves explained the curry mixes and shared tips and tricks . i found a few items that i had been ordering on ebay for much less $ . what a fun experiance !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a tricky review for me to write . we came here to get specific items for a hindu religious ceremony . while they did have all of the items we needed , the customer service required to get those items was a bit frustrating . that said , they have great prices on spices , grains and other indian specialties . they sell jalebi by the pound , as any good indian grocery should , and we took a pound with us for good measure . a little better customer service , and this would be a dream come true .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tiny casual restaurant located inside the market . free chai tea with purchase . the chai tea is hot and delicious ! we ordered 2 rani 's thali lunch plate , 2 vegetable samosas , and 1 eggplant paratha . the lunch plate was super affordable and a good portion of food for the price . the curries were well seasoned . we were the only non-indian people there , which meant that the food was very authentic ! the vegetable samosas were crispy and delicious and i loved the 2 different sauces that it came with . one was minty and the other was sweet . i really loved the eggplant paratha . it was like a stuffed pancake . for dessert , i ordered the mango lassi to help me digest all the spicy food ! it was sweet and tart , and soothed my stomach . love this place and highly recommend this place for authentic , flavorful indian food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here to pickup snacks on our way to ca . the store carries almost everything desired from a super indian grocery store - snacks , staples , vegetables , fruits and exotic items . the great surprise was their mini restaurant , that offered wide collection of sweets and snacks . i highly recommend their thali . it is closest to the home cooked ( north ) indian meal i had in the us . i live in nyc , so that 's a major compliment ! visit this place with huge bags and empty stomach , and carry out as much as your body , bags and car can carry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice store with many `` ready-to-eat '' meals that are a life-saver for me not really a chef , just a food aficionado . rani 's is fully stocked and closer to me than the other ethnic food locations i often frequent . they also do a good business at their tavolo caldo where , although somewhat pricey , the fare can be delectable . rani , thanks for being in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was super early to work and did n't want to arrive too early . i bookmarked this store last year . since i was in the area i visited this morning as soon as they opened at 10am . my visit was n't bad at all . i have more of an interest in japanese food but indian food and products have always made me curious . rani 's is like your normal ethnic store with food , mini restaurant , and a bit of accessories . i was hoping to try the jalebi or other indian sweets in the restaurant but since i arrived early there was n't any prepared . i still would love to try some of the indian food but it would be best to come back at lunch time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what is a better way to shop than drinking free tea ? do n't sit here and read my review , do yourself the favor of jumping in the car and going over there to see what it 's all about . the people that run the store ( sorry i forgot the guys name ) and the mom grandmom esk indian woman in the back cooking samosas just totally embody what we are all looking for when we walk into a place for the first time . try this , taste that , have a cup of tea dear . bring your friends , bring your family , grab a cart and go on an excursion . take your time , this place is sweet and so are the people running it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my favorite place to satisfy my cravings for chat . my favorite is the samosa chat . if you like spicy , for me personally i ca n't handle spice too well , then try the papri chat . i always pair my food with the chai they brew in house and it 's free ! perfect place to experience good indian food away from home . also , this place is an awesome place for groceries , they sell fresh produce as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went back again and everything tasted amazing . it is the best place in las vegas to try tasty homestyle indian veg food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever . wo n't be coming back . the owners wife gave so much attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted vegan , and the staff made some suggestions which i took . very tasty . very helpful and friendly staff too . unfortunately ( for me ) , i would n't know how to order se asian vegan dishes , so i have to ask for suggestions . but the suggested dish ( es ) were tasty and varied . the staff helpful and friendly , and other diners friendly as well . this is a no frills section of a supermarket with maybe 6 small tables . free chai tea , and i was stuffed for under $ 9 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a gem of a place . it 's a large supermarket with all sorts of goodies from all over the world and they also have a prepared foods section as well . the older lady ( i believe she is the owner ) is so nice and friendly . she offered me a few treats to sample . i wound up buying some naan and some other stuff from the grocery section . the prices are very reasonable . it 's a little far from me , so i dont get out here to often , but whenever i am around this area , i do stop by . good food , friendly people and decent prices ... .yay ! ! ! i am a fan of that : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally amazed that this place offers free chai with a meal ! the thali was super tasty and the price was just right . plenty of food and a all veg assortment of food . tons of groceries you can pick up as well . this place is a must visit when you miss home cooked veg meal . i can now leave in peace back to la .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word - thali . you can read the rest of the reviews while eating i.e if u find time ; - ) must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place felt like a home away from home . it 's any indian vegetarian 's heaven ! we ate here everyday when we were in vegas . my parents being vegetarians , i was looking for someplace that served vegetarian indian food . never would i have imagined that you could get quality indian home cooked meal at a grocery store . the owner here is so super sweet ! a bite of their rotis phulkas with their freshly made sabzi ( cooked veggies ) , took me on a flavor trip back to india . it is not a fancy restaurant , keep that in mind . if you are bothered by their lack of comfy seats and tables , feel free to order take-out . my review is solely based on the taste and the quality of their food , and not the ambiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were attracted by the yelp rave reviews . we took one look and left . it was a grocery store with a fast food kitchen and did not look very clean . looks like the good reviews were either paid or self-inflicted . maybe the food was good but the ambiance was not good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great . i did n't realize there was a food stand inside , but glad i found out . this is right next to zia records and they sell all types of indian spices you usually ca n't find anywhere else . the lady behind the food counter is very nice and after 1 visit they recognized me and even knew what i liked to eat . the food is all made fresh and has the home feel taste to it . this place is better than most restaurants out there and much cheaper too . we bought a large sized portion of the beans and it lasted for 3 days . they also provide free tea which usually cost $ 2 in restaurants . the good thing is it 's very close to mt . everest , our favorite indian restaurant , if you wanted to eat out . 9 10 good , friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought a indian biscuits little hearts . it 's just.89 cents . packet we opened and than it taped , wonder how much they can make profit out of it . would recommend not to buy anything from there . playing with consumer health is just inhuman .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have only been here a few times but i think this would be a good place for vegans , i 'm not vegan but i still sometimes eat vegan for the health benefits . i was looking for vegan proteins , that are n't in normal markets , mung bean , lentils etc . i found them here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and foremost it 's an indian grocery store and everything about it is super indian in every way . rani , the owner is as indian as one can get and she 's a delightful character , just do n't expect american customer service from her or her staff . groceries are plenty and diverse , and her food is authentic and delish . the free chai is hard to beat , i love it , it reminds of the scene back home : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have a great selection of produce and spices that are hard to find in other grocery stores . also the prices are fair ! nothing was really overpriced ! i go there for many sri lankan specialties which they have a wide selection of . staff is not quite friendly but i keep returning for their good prices and wide selection", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming for years and they always held up the same standards . whether you 're looking for a quick bite to eat or an exotic pantry overhaul , rani 's has got you covered . they 're famous for the samosas , a must have , but not a lot of people know about their other options for full dinners . i do n't know what i 'm ordering half of the time because of the language barrier , but that 's okay . no matter what i end up pointing to , i always come out full and happy . rani 's has become a staple in the community , and i hope more locals and tourists alike can experience the warmth of one of their well tucked samosas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy food ! ... truely delicious home made food . no heavy masala spices . complimentary tea was the unbeatable for sure . prices were reasonable . ordered thali ... and is suitable for kids as well . tried jilabi and rasagulas ... not too impressed by rasagulas however jilabis were yummy ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the thali is so fresh and good ! they have the best paratha and they 're big . i have not had indian food so fresh and authentic since i 've lived in india . must go to whenever i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great parathas . a little pricey . the service could be better . but , going into an indian fast-food place , i had a very low expectation . the place was n't so clean , but oh well . the food made up for it . we went back three times during our 6 days trip to vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great great great home style cooked food ! ! ok it 's only vegetarian so please do n't get upset when they look at you stupidly if you ask for lamb curry was great to have some dhokla and masala chai . you ca n't complain when you can also get a thali for $ 9.99 ! ! yep that 's right , $ 9.99 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rani 's has a cafe eatery that serves up some seriously delicious vegetarian and vegan fare and beverages . the selection is ample and they use very fresh and high quality ingredients . thier prices are fair and service is friendly and adept .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like indian food home style and that too in vegas , you should visit rani 's . during our recent vegas visit we only ate there , i only wish that they keep open attests till 10 as 9 is too early from vegas point", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent little ethnic indian supermarket tucked away in a strip mall . they have all kinds of rice , spices and snacks you wo n't easily find anywhere else ! there is also a hot foods section . prices are reasonable , and the area is clean . of course , there is a strong smell of indian type spices , but what do you think they sell here ? ! ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best indian food i have ever had , special ingredient used is love of uncle and aunty ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vegetarian food with excellent spices . this is owned by a local family . very polite and friendly place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious home cooked meals . their thali is the best . all items are flavored perfect with a home feel . definitely a must try if you find yourself in this neighborhood of las vegas . a total contrast from the uber expensive average pallette the strip has to offer . will return on our next trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited here four times . a very good place for indian vegetarian . authentic indian taste . prices are reasonable , and the area is clean . we definitely go there when we go to vegas . recomended - yes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to eat at this place after seeing good reviews in our vegas visit but were disappointed . we ordered `` bhature '' which were under done.we ordered chat which was too sweet . thali was tasteless and was not at all home style.on top of that service was super slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i returned to rani yesterday , and the food was amazing . yes , the service may be a bit lacking , but the food is not . i bought the methi trepla from the counter to eat at home , and it so delicious . it reminded me of a paratha made with methi , it was so fresh and fragrant . very glad i gave it a second try . i do wish the restroom were better taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is simple and tasty . the owners- aunty and uncle are very friendly and nice to talk with . we stopped by for some grocery shopping and ended up uaving dinner there . aunty was generous to provide us free hot and fresh jalebis . you will definitely feel like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the small food counter inside the store was limited in its selection , but had some tasty vegetarian options . seems like a good grocery store if you are looking for indian ingredients or products .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the vegetarian food options ! ready-made and tastes fresh ! delicious every time : ) ) thank you ! usually , ordering indian food at restaurants take 15-30 minutes of wait but here it 's ready in less than 5 ! lol it 's great ... also , of course consider how busy it may be but love the fact that the food is already made and it 's always nice and perfectly warm awesomeness and the choices are amazee ing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went back for more veggie samosas they were so good , hot and crispy . i am in love with the mint chutney !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent home style thali . taking off one star as the staff is apathetic towards customers waiting for tables and did not volunteer to help acquire a chair from another table ( even after pointing out that a woman was using a chair to keep her handbag ) . lack of courtesy from the customer and the staff . i appreciate the person behind the counter who makes chaats and takes orders . she was empathetic enough towards us when we told her we were hungry and needed something quick . she made us a papdi chaat while we waited for the excellent veg thali .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite quick and easy vegetarian place to eat in vegas . the staff is always accommodating and rani is darling . the gulab jamun is the most amazing dessert ! all my friends are hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their selection of goods and products ! from neem vitamins and hair oils to supplies to make falooda and various meals , this place has usually what i am looking for . today i was looking at the hair oils , since the one i got last time was running low . one of the owners told me about the one in my picture and i 'm in love with it ! it smells good and adds an extra shine to your hair ! ^____^", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious and home like food . thali is recommended . aloo paratha is delicious and filling . uncle and aunty at the store are also very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best indian food - it is unique to a lot of indian restaurants in the us . it has the home made touch and the food is delicious . i have never been disappointed and the free chai helps : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "home made indian food ! ! ! enough said ! this place has a very good market restaurant that serves homemade vegetarian indian food made by the wife and husband ( owners of the market ) . it does n't get this much closer to authentic indian food . defiantly a place to try if you are near by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving a bad review because they do n't keep up the timelines . they open up at 11 am and i went there and asked for a tea and samosa , i waited for 30 mins but they did n't serve it . they said they are still preparing ... then night they close up at 9pm , i went at 8.35pm for dinner , the person said they are closed.i said ok and started leaving . he told me , he can get a togo , then i said ok. then he started telling about the foods that remaining and he used the word leftover foods . wtf , i am not going to pay for leftover food . damn you idiotic morons ... these guys have severe problems in handling customers ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm originally from dc , the selection of great indian food is plentiful . trying to find decent indian food was rather hard here and finding this little gem was a total score . food was spiced well and service was friendly . their samosas was amazing ! it 's great that it 's vegetarian even though i do eat meat , i did n't feel heavy or hungry leaving . still had leftovers to pack home . it 's great that it 's located in a grocery store just in case i needed to get ethnic items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to shop indian grocery and eat indian vegetarian food . my mom follows jainism and does not eat even onion and garlic . i do n't know how she would have survived vegas if not for this eatery . they have a small seating area , self serviced and nothing fancy . the food is very authentic indian . we had stuffed parathas and they were amazingly close to what you get in india .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good veggie food . hot chapatis . try the thali . it comes with rice , chapati , 2 bhajis , dhal and pickle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vegas has it 's share of indian spots .. but this is a hidden gem not far off the strip . with great selection at great prices you cant help but wan na try everything .. you can tell it 's cooked fresh by mom style of veggie tasty indian food .. we tried the chick peas curry , fried flat bread ( batura ) and famous samosas you wan na take extra home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food we got was pretty good . i have lived in india and it was close to the taste . i say the food we got because we had ordered samoas and they forgot to bring it . when they finally did it looked like throw up . i do n't know what it was . the chai was not good even though it was freshly made . i bought some paneer there at the grocery store horrible . gave some to my indian rescue dog and threw the rest away . the service in the resturant was pretty bad . not unfriendly just not available . the grocery store clerk was very nice . might go there again for buying indian speciality items but not for food . the dinning area really dirty . only serves veg . non non veg", "score": "3"}
{"review": "old expired products on shelves , i bought british cookies ( oaties ) on 4 18 2017 that had expiration date of 10 27 2016 . disgusting", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you have ever been to india 's sweets and spices in southern california , then you will feel right at home here . this is a terrific indian market that also includes fresh produce for sale . it is the one place in town where i know i can find real fresh bitter melon ! they also have a wonderful restaurant in the store where if you do n't know what it is - you can simply point to what loks good to you . as far as raw goes - not much in that arena in indian cooking , but if you are okay with traditional indian vegetarian fare - this is the spot for it in las vegas . they always offer free chai tea and the woman chef who runs the place could not have been nicer . what a great smile . and you know ... that smile gets translated into the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the cleanest looking place but they have great prices and a great selection of spices", "score": "4"}
{"review": "plenty of choices for snacks and sweets . different parathas are worth to try for , specially the muli paratha . the thali is also good , with variety of options to choose within .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great for a quick lunch . it 's my go to indian cafe and grocery store . the price of the lunch special went up $ 1 to $ 8.99 but it 's still worth the price . they were a little stingy on the pickles this visit but the food was excellent . they also sell their pickled lemon in jars to take home which i did . i highly recommend the yellow dal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store : stumbled onto this place while i was in vegas for a month . has a great selection of indian spices , groceries et al . name it and i think they have it . was very very impressed with their well maintained space and selection . the cafe : aaah ... do n't you miss the parathas . great aloo and gobi parathas . i am a fan . the lady behind the counter here , very warm and welcoming , very reminiscent of grandma..will tell you all that 's laid out is home-made and lovingly made . it sure does taste good . do n't forget to wrap up a selection of sweets . the kala jamun is yummmm ! the pickles are great too . do n't let the unassuming outer appearance fool you . it is a great place to stumble upon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say much , other than the fact that you need to make an attempt to come out here just for the samosas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "donut central i am a fan . and not because you are the only donut shop within 10 miles of my house no no , because your donuts melt in my mouth even when my fianc\u00e9 says they should n't . your selection was rather bland and i hope you better stocked on my next visit . i do n't always eat donuts but when i do i eat donut central !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best donuts in the valley ! well worth the trek south . my co-workers turn into schoolgirls when i bring them in . get there early or you 'll miss out ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "negativo , i guess that they are good if you like hard , stale donut with no flavor , if you want a good donut just make the trip to bosa on glendale ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best donuts in south phoenix . it is the one thing that makes working over there totally worth it . the maple bar is fantastic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , i ca n't believe i have n't written a review on this place . i have been here on and off over the years for a good ham and cheese croissant . they never fail , and their donuts are delicious as well . highly recommend ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i want to eat here everyday for every meal till i die , this is not a hyperbole . i am a great believer in bakeries and delicious baked goods and i do n't know who is n't . i wish there was a credit card minimum so i could justify buying more cupcakes and donuts ... they have the broadest range of breads , buttery goods , sugary fried dough , and sugary icing i have ever seen ( in one room ) . the best part ? it 's all reasonably priced which means you can buy more ... so bring our coolers and get ready to hemorrhage money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before writing my review i have to put some context ; as a greek-native , my relation with bread is very special . i have been looking for a good bakery all the years that i have been in the u.s. and in different states and i finally found it ! oakmont bakery is the best bakery i have ever been in the u.s. hands down . i have to admit that i would still like an even larger variety of breads but this is just me . asiago baguette is a must have and so is the pepperoni bread . as for their cupcakes and pastries , pretty much everything i have tried is amazing . my favorite though is the oakmonter ! it comes in a cake size , in small `` teasers '' and in a small cake that can serve two people . also they have pretty good lunch sandwiches . i have been constantly visiting oakmont bakery every other weekend and i am pretty sure i will keep going there for long more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they made a wonderful birthday cake that not only was beautiful but absolutely delicious ! moist to the last crumb ... the soda bread is the best i 've had . big thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bakery that has something for everyone . i took my 77 year old mother here and she said she was skipping lunch and dinner and going straight to dessert . we are fans of the almond torte . ob has the best in our opinion . the cake is tasty and light and the frosting is just sugary enough . the fact that the torte comes in 2 sizes is helpful . service is fast , even on easter saturday your wait is no longer than 20 minutes , given that there are 50 people in front of you at that point shows they are serious about good service . i have yet to try a pie from here . maybe i should some day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place still uses hydrogenated fats and cheapest , toxic ingredients . someone should remind the owner that it 's no longer 1990 ! cakes and cookies look pretty but think twice before you serve up their carcinogenic concoction to your children .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited oakmont bakery for the first time after a long day of volunteering and i have to say nothing soothes and comforts your soul like the warm inviting smells of the bakery . the atmosphere is so open with great floor to ceiling windows and seating options . ordering is well organized so the line moves quickly and you get your food even faster ! i 'm in love with breakfast and their breakfast croissant sausage , egg , and , cheese was the perfect pick me up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is like a black-hole for self discipline . anytime i drive within 5 miles i must make a stop and partake in the yummyness . my favorite is the sour cream glazed donut , i could eat a dozen in one sitting ... do n't tempt me ... i have in the past . the best part aside from the quality of their products is their service . even during the rushiest of rush hours you know you can be in and out in 20 minutes . which when the air is filled with decadent aromas ... is a good thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge bakery with lots of really good things to eat . they now even have a little sections where you can eat inside at tables and chairs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . everything is freshly baked and very delicious . i usually frequent to get chocolate thumbprint cookies . they also have these adorable mini pies in just about any flavor you could dream of . they bake everything next door and really make oakmont smell good . the prices are cheaper than going to the giant eagle bakery by far and it is much fresher tasting . my only problem is when you just want one thing . today , i wanted 1 bagel and i have been waiting for 25 minutes behind giant orders . they should consider setting it up a little differently .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "industrial baking meets retail . huge selection of cakes , cookies , doughnuts , breads , pies , scones and muffins in a sterile yet somehow chaotic atmosphere . if you like little debbie ( which i do on occasion ) this is one step up . traditional offerings , not much adventure on offer , and the maple twists and cinnamon coffee cake are dough-conditioner soft with an artificial flavor bite . the asiago baguette tasted of whatever cheese flavorant gives goldfish crackers their terrible taste.go for a sugar rush but do n't expect to taste any real butter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "almond torts is amazing , my favorite cake on earth , but if i had to choose one thing it would be the elvis in oakmont cupcake . banana and peanut butter makes this outrageously delectable . i highly suggest you try it , and the grumps cupcake . everything here is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been there only a couple of times . excellent place with a wide range of baked goods . just go . and prepare yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first visit here was on a saturday afternoon . it was very busy but the very friendly staff quickly and efficiently moved the customers through their purchase with a very friendly smile . i got a standard white cake ... ... it was incredible . the cake was so moist that i could have eaten the whole thing in one sitting . i also got a piece of their cinnamon crumble coffee cake . i usually try this in every bakery i go to . and this was by far the best i have ever eaten . i would have loved to try one of their many assorted donuts but could n't . i asked a few of the customers how they were and all i heard were glowing reviews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an oakmont resident and do n't know why people travel from all over town to come here . they definitely have a great selecetion but it is actually overwhelming and on the pricey side . their cakes and cookies are okay but i prefer those from giant eagle as their icing is better . coconut donuts are my favorite item there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just wanted to add that i recently tried freezing their brownies , and they thawed beautifully -- i ca n't tell any difference . love those things ! also , on my last trip i randomly hit them on a day with bogo donuts and bagels ! ! no idea how often they do promotions like that , but i almost cried !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg ! oakmont bakery by far one of the best bakeries in the area . i love their cupcakes , cookies , doughnuts , and birthday cakes . i got a birthday cake for my fianc\u00e9 there in 2010 before i moved back to the area . i drove from bellevue to pick it up it was a casino theme very nice , it was a little dry , but the birthday cake my fianc\u00e9 got me in june 2015 was very moist and oh so good . maybe it was the baker at the time i got the one five years ago was dry because my fianc\u00e9 co worker got a cake from there to bring in and he said it was moist and very good . i took my mom and she loves the coffee and glaze doughnuts , she goes without me now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff can be rude , and they move at a snails pace . i go here because it 's convenient for me , but that 's about it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this truly is the best bakery in the country ! every single item they have is delicious . you just can not go wrong when buying baked goods from oakmont .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhhh-mazing ! ! i went here for the first time this past weekend with my husband to pick up some dessert for mother 's day . after a long , thought out decision , we decided on the chocolate turtle tort and the carrot cake . as a snack for myself , i got the red velvet cake pop . first the cake pop , holy cow was it incredible ! the cake was ridiculously moist and had the perfect hint of chocolate in the batter . the coating was perfectly sweet and it was the right size to fulfill my need for something sweet . the chocolate turtle tort was chocolate-y , ooey and gooey and was a huge hit . once again , the cake was cooked perfectly and so moist . the filling was caramel and little crunchy bits that paired well with the sweet chocolate frosting . it was super sweet but totally worth it . the carrot cake was definitely my favorite . filled with raisins and different spices and completed with a sweet cream cheese frosting , it was pretty much the best carrot cake i have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this bakery ! i have moved all across america . every place i move to , i search for a great bakery . i have found great bakeries but none that make a burnt almond torte as delicious as the oakmont bakery . i ca n't stand prantl 's it 's not as good , it 's just not . i also love the oakmonter . every time i come back to pittsburgh to visit family i have to come here i wonder if they ship across the country ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could , they 'd get 10+ stars ! ! from the people that work there , the product quality - they 're a top-notch company run by an amazing family . be sure to visit when you get the chance -- be prepared to grab a ticket and wait a little bit , but the line always moves quickly . it is definitely worth the wait ! enjoy : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since moving to pittsburgh and stumbling across oakmont bakery , we 've used them for almost every major family event . the cakes cupcakes are airy , full of moisture , the taste is devine , and they ( staff ) have always been helpful and patient . our most recent cake was for my graduation . it was an assortment of red velvet , almond , chocolate , and vanilla cupcakes . wonderful ! and the prices are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome fruit tarts and many other baked goods , everything i try there is delicious and makes me want more ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best bakery around . i have never gotten anything here that was n't fantastic ! i ca n't wait to see what they do when they molly be to the new , bigger location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jesus christ could n't make a better pastry . my favorite things are the dirt balls and maple rolls", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best bakery in the area . every this is so good . i love their white cake and bear claws . got my daughter 's wedding cake there and was very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll fight you to the death if you tell me there 's a better bakery in pittsburgh . prantl 's ? ! ha ! we 'll have a battle royale over the burnt almond torte . the oakmont bakery has a little bit of everything - bread , rolls , bagels , pastries , doughnuts packzi doughsants , cakes , cupcakes , cookies , candies , sandwiches , coffee ... the list goes on . there is usually some kind of wait , that can be particularly gruesome during any holiday ; however , they always serve as fast as possible and never with anything but a smile . this is the best bakery in pittsburgh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our wedding cake was beautiful and tasted delicious . we received so many complements ! definitely recommend the bakery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a bakery ... that bakes cake ... ! we mistakenly went here for breakfast one morning thinking they would have more breakfast type variety but in fact they only have a limited breakfast menu ( including breakfast pastries ) . this place is for cake and cookies ! it was a honest mistake and i 'm not knocking the place - but it 's true - if you want amazing sweets or amazing wedding cakes go here . if you want a coffee and bagel ... ehh ... not so much . we were also their on a saturday morning and to their credit - wedding cakes were flying out the door every ten minutes ! just getting a glance at them they were lovely - could rival some of those crazy ass baking shows on tv ! i 'm already married !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although i love the bagels , bread , pastries , etc . i also go here for sandwiches . initially i was stuck on the `` jacked-up turkey `` which is delicious ! chicken parm is great as well . today i got the cheesesteak , i did n't know what to applaud more the baguette or the steak ! since the bread is already famous , let 's talk about the beef ! the steak was lean , tender & well-flavored . my only gripe was the size , but the taste and affordable price made up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most delicious desserts hands down ! i love the classic smiley cookies and cupcakes ! iv been going here for about 20 years and it 's still amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! ! ! also when you walk in you will instantly be overwhelmed by the smell of the place as well as all of the beautifully decorated desserts . i personally got macaroons because they are my favorite and they were delicious . if i am back in the area i will definitely stop by for more treats and i recommend that oh do the same . they also have some breads that looked really good and some even have meat baked into them so it was off the dessert theme .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in oakmont and would never dream of going to any other bakery . although there are times when there is a bit of a wait the service is always great and i have always have loved everything i have ever purchased from there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love going here , not only do they have everything you can imagine , but the prices are so reasonable for the quality ! i walked out with 2 huge bags of pastries , bagels , cheesecake and cupcakes for only 40 bucks . it 's easy to get in and out of too , and the employees are always friendly . i 'm going to be a repeat customer for sure : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy ! the most moist deserts ever ! just make sure you have something to drink if you get the chocolate cake , it 's very good but not for the weak at heart- very rich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you ca n't walk past without walking in and once you walk in you have to get something to eat ! it 's that good . the sights , the sounds , but most of all the smells ! if i lived any closer i 'd weigh a hundred more pounds ! we get bakery goods for every special event and anytime we have out of town guests they want to go to the famous oakmont bakery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't thank them enough for what they did to go above and beyond for a customer ! i had the sex of my baby in an envelope and was told by every other place in monroeville that they could n't make me a cake to share with my family . i called oakmont bakery and i was told by the lady on the phone that they would be able to get the cake done for me by 3pm . i went in and everyone was amazing and i could n't be happier with what they created for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as good of a bakery as you will find . in pittsburgh it comes down to 2 places oakmont bakery vs bethel bakery . which one wins is a matter of preference and quite frankly if you ca n't enjoy both of them you should be kicked out of the country - so its not even worth debating . do n't pick one , pick both . do n't miss the peanut butter cookies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a sweets person . but was visiting my sister and brother in law in pittsburg and they stopped by this wonderful place for some goodies . seriously , folks , everything in this place ( tried about five items ) is off the chain amazing . i glad i 'm just visiting or i 'd be 200 lbs . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i 've ever tasted from there has been fantastic ... most recently their cakes ( several flavors of cake with butter cream icing ) and cookies ( a variety sampler ) . my most recent experience has been with their wedding team . i have been very impressed by how helpful and nice everyone has been , as well as the very reasonable prices . high quality at an affordable price - does n't get any better than that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a colleague recommended the bakery . having a round trip on the turnpike let me sample a number of different things . i have to say i do n't get the hype . i live in a place with surprisingly few good bakeries that do basic stuff , but oakmont came off badly even with dc places as a comparison . the bagels are probably ok if you toast them , but otherwise rubbery with toppings that easily fall off . the maple bacon donut had almost no discernable maple taste and the bacon was hard and chewy -- this variety has gotten popular enough that even dc has a decent version . the cakes seem to be frosted with some sort of whipped cream where a good butter cream would work better . i passed on the patitsa -- the pieces are too uniform ( they never come out that way when slovenian grannies make them ) and the dough obviously was soft where it should be dense . the place is busy , but it may be that even pittsburghers have lost out on decent bakeries .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cupcakes . yes ! burnt almond torte . yep ! the oakmonter . yeah ! donuts cronuts . uh-huh ! and do n't forget about the paczki , mardi gras king cake , and other seasonal goodies . you will be lured in by more delectable baked goods than you know what to do with and are reasonable to eat in 24 hours . ok , enough about the sweets . the true hidden gem is ... ready ? ... the made-to-order breakfast sandwich ! it ca n't be found in any of the display cases , but via one of two tiny kiosks nearly tucked away along the back wall of windows . while everyone is waiting around for their number to be called , find a kiosk and make your breakfast dreams come true . it 's truly one of the best sammies in the city ( but pass on the coffee ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oakmont bakery has to been one of the best bakeries in the tri-state area , hands down ! this place is about ten minutes from my house , and i stopped there this morning to get goodies for a morning meeting . at 7:00am , there were still ten people in front of me . as soon as you walk in , there 's a flat screen rotating the coffee menu and other bakery information , which was a nice modern touch . i waited patiently , scanning trays of goodies and that goes on forever . i decided on a dozen of their biscotti 's ; they seemed like a perfect fit for a coffee meeting ! the cranberry almond was my favorite out of the bunch , but i did n't expect anything less . if you 're in the northeast area of pittsburgh , definitely put this on your list of places to check out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate to give this place 2 stars , but i was expecting much better . i pre-ordered the chocolate mousse cake , which to say the least tasted as good as a giant eagle cake or a box mix : ( to make matters worse , i ordered some cupcakes ( godfather , carmine , and cookie ) ... a bit disappointing but still satisfying . i found a white hair ( human or dog ? ) in the carmine cupcake ... it 's definitely not mine , nor do i have a dog . service was alright ... long wait but staff was friendly . just disappointed to have heard of their good reputation only for them to not live up to it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is one of those times you lie to yourself `` oh , look , they sell coffee . i am just going to run in for coffee . '' and leave with 1200 calories of goodness . every time i have tried the whole `` bacon and sweet '' i never liked it , until now . they found the way to not be soggy or burnt bacon . the maple bacon donut is the reason i do n't ever go to placed like `` dd '' b c a fresh , local made , creative donut makes you not feel as guilty . and the chocolate cream glazed was incredible . yeah , i had two . do n't judge me . it was breakfast and lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is covered with icing or whipped cream . so many of their pastries would be so much better without the toppings ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the prices are reasonable and the service is great and quick ! the food is always good and my favorite is the macaroons . the scenery is pretty and all of the food is displayed where everyone can see it . i do not live in pittsburgh , but this is always my number one place to go when i 'm traveling up here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the elvis this time and it was so yummy . with banana cream inside of a yellow cake and peanut butter on top under the icing . i will be going back for another . absolutely the best bakery !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just left oakmont bakery and the service is as good as the treats ! the gentleman that helped us was kind , patient and helpful . it was my boyfriends first time there so we just got a little of everything . it amazes me how quickly they get people through the line . the employees are quick , without making you feel rushed . i am always amazed at the size and selection . sometimes when the quantity goes up , the quality goes down ... but somehow oakmont has managed to provide exceptional quality and a huge variety to please everyone 's tastes . we will look forward to our next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands-down the best bakery ! i have been going here since i was a kid now i take my kid to oakmont bakerythey have a reputation built upon providing the highest quality sweets with the best possible ingredients . we got a birthday cake there and all of our guests said it was the best cake they 've ever had ! so fresh and moist ! everything there is delicious not just the cakes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oakmont is excellent . can i just start with the oakmonter ... wow . the cupcakes are so much fun and so flavorful . we also like their sandwiches . the staff is always sweet and professional . this bakery has the best variety and selection in the city . it 's always a great experience at oakmont bakery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bakery is amazing . so may good treats and breads . the only problem is trying to look at everything and if you want items out of more than 1 case . when you take a number and they call yours , the staff is friendly . but if you forget the name of something you want and you have to show them in another case , the staff gets irritated . i actually take a post it and pen in so i can write what i want then just read it off to them . it 's much easier that way . maybe they could make little forms of items so people could circle items they want to make it easier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always great ! most of the time friendly . its always busy . prices are great ! i have ordered a lot from here . birthday cakes , breads and cookies . the only issue i had and i was very surprised when i went to speak with the wedding consultant she was unfriendly and not helpful at all . maybe she was having a bad day ? i would recommend . i know people over and hour away that drive here just to get the goodies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bakery is the best place to eat fresh bagels and excellent cupcakes ! they are a family owned bakery located in oakmont , pa . believe me it 's worth the trip to stop in and get goodies . i really wished this bakery was in my town of frederick , md as i miss the mom and pop bakeries of my childhood . i had a s'more chocolate cupcake and wow it melted in my mouth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bestest bakery in the burgh love the oakmonter . everything is always fresh . lots of help so lines go fast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had anything here that i did n't like ! all of the desserts are amazing , especially the almond torte , donut holes , and all of the cookies ! the pepperoni bread is the best i 've had -- make sure you heat it in the oven when you get home . the sandwiches are excellent too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i come here every year for cupcakes for my birthday . i get the red velvet and he gets the cuppacino . i 've had most of the major bakeries in the city and this is by-far my fav . i 'm already planning on getting my son 's 1st birthday cake here . ... he is due in 35 days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the most amazing place ! ! they have the absolute best cupcakes - cheese cake - anything baked-good is outstanding here ! i highly recommend the `` oakmonter '' its cake and chesse cake in one - amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heaven is a place on earth at oakmont bakery . given the option i would eat here everyday . each time i 've visited this bakery i try something new and each time i am blown away . if you 're in the area this is a necessary stop . be sure to try a doughsant while you 're there too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this place has gone down hill a bit , maybe to save some money in tough economic times ? something tastes just a bit 'off ' . their presentation is as beautiful as ever though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! they have fast , friendly staff . even when they are swamped , i 've never waited more than 15 minutes . we really enjoy the doughnuts , cakes , cookies & breads . i often order a latte , and they are good too . i recommend this bakery to others all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard to knock this old school bakery ! it is one of my two favorite bakeries on the planet ... i love kaminsky 's in charleston sc ( hard to compare them both since target markets are different ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were staying in the lovely town of oakmont and our friends suggested a walk to downtown and stop by the oakmont bakery . no wonder we call them friends . it was a great surprise . we were overwhelmed with choices behind the glass , not to mention the smell of fresh baked goods . good thing we grabbed the number 53 and they were now serving 26 because it gave us time to decide . i chose a custard doughsant ( their signature doughnut ) and my boyfriend chose the oakmonter . they were both beyond delicious . good thing calorie counting was not part of our weekend because we returned 2 days later for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , the best cupcake i 've ever had . also try the doughsants ( a donut croissant hybrid ) if you want to die a sweet death in a sugar coma , the best way to go would be to try everything at oakmont bakery . there is n't a single thing that is n't absolutely delicious . everything is pretty well priced too . the only thing is that you 'll have to wait a bit , in fact you have to take a number . it 's totally worth it though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . their sweets are fresh and made with just the right amount of sugar . i hear that they 're reasonably priced at well . i do n't have a photo to show , because i do n't give these treats a chance to sit long enough for a photo . i have only entered the bakery once yet had so many treats from here . i wonder what their new location will look like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic customer service ! after ordering almost a $ 300.00 if assorted baked goods for my sons baptism i was setting up early on sunday morning june 28th i noticed the macaroons were not up to par . i called the bakery around 8:00am and they were so helpful the actually sent a driver with replacements they chose to add mini cheese cakes and mini eclairs that were also fantastic . in addition we had an assortment of the cupcakes with attitude they were outta this world . the just mini lady locks yum and the nut and apricot kolache he were soft and fresh we also had the little butterballs that just melted in your mouth . overall beyond fantastic customer service and delicious baked goods !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at work one day and i complimented two clients on their adorable dresses , and they both told me they were purchased at francesca 's . seeing as how once summer hits i 'm in almost nothing but dresses , i knew i had to check it out . they were very reasonably priced and the boutique was very cute . my sales girl was extremely helpful and had me try on a few things i would n't have chosen on my own . she was very nice , and a good sales person ! i left without any dresses unfortunately ... my one complaint is that a vast majority of them were made of the same thin , clingy material that was really unflattering if you 're not stick skinny . for that , i had to take down a star : ( i did leave with some earrings and a book . they had some great unique gift items , so they 're a place that 's work checking out even if you 're not clothes shopping !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so happy to see that francesca 's has added a store in chandler fashion center . and it is every bit as charming as their other stores . its like a little feminine oasis inside the loud obnoxious mall . this place seems to have more clothes than the casa paloma location , even though they are roughly the same size . so i guess that means there is less jewelry ? i will probably continue to shop primarily at the other store , but it is nice to know this one is here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love love love this boutique ! ! if you are a boutique lover and do n't like to pay boutique prices this is the place . their collection of earrings are the most impressive . they also have a lot of cute clothes which are unique and very cute for a night out . the website has a handful of what they have but visiting the store is a must . check out the prices too ... you can get a cute dress or top for a night out for under $ 50 ! ! ! enjoy . oh i forgot this store is good for little knick knack gifts . mostly girly stuff so guys its great for females you need to get a gift for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this boutique.. cutest date dresses.. not boutique prices.. staff is super friendly..and helpful.. sign up for the special of the week via web specials.. my one beef.. the jewelry.. and with that the refund policy.. nothing but issues with both.. first.. the jewelry.. super cute.. adorable.. not the most inexpensive.. but cute.. okay.. wear it out with your cute adorable date dress.. and if it breaks.. you miss francesca should take it back.. not give me a store credit or grief.. after all.. im a regular.. with that said.. i still go there.. just dont buy the jewelry.. : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore this boutique ! ! ! this boutique has excellent finds without the crazy boutique prices . they have great clothes ( not for those of us on the bigger side though ) , good jewelry selection , cute purses and some really cool knick knack stuff . if anyone i know needs something special i always take them here . they have a website but what 's in the store is always a little different and worth the trip ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this little boutique ! clothes are super cute and very affordable ! also everyone that works there is very friendly and helpful . i 've gotten great deals on accessories , jewelry , and even clothes when they have sales . but even regular price is very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have got the best accessories here . its like walking into a jewelry box , cool stuff at every nook . inexpensive and cute jewelry . they have colorful and hip bags and shoes . i love the quirky gifts they have here . i could shop here all day . clothes wise - only small , medium and large . so really cute but really small . most of america will have to find their cute clothes somewhere else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this location ! the staff is always so friendly and accommodating . they go out of their way to assist you and do everything they can to give you an excellent shopping experience . i always feel so welcomed here , which is good and bad because it makes me spend more money ! lol . i love all of their cute clothes and accessories !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable clothing and gift items . the store is bright and welcoming . the staff is fantastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if ever anyone would want to surprise me or gift me something : just give me a fc gift card . everything in there is adorable and the only store i would want everything of . yes yes yes , gim me gim me ! check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally bought my entire wardrobe here for my honeymoon as well as most of the gifts for my bridesmaids . such a cute place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to 3 other locations in the past and have always received great service but this location is by far the worst ! surprisingly i was greeted by 3 women but that 's it , now typically when i go in they ask me how i am or if there 's anything i 'm looking for but nope , nothing these girls just stood by the register talking about stuff that should n't be discussed at work . they did n't even offer to take my clothing to the fitting room for me or at least offer me one not like the other locations . they seemed to busy gossiping about other things to actually do their jobs . i wo n't be back to this location not worth purchasing things if the customer service sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a much more manageable version of forever 21 , where you do n't feel overwhelmed by the variety and super long lines ... but the quality is pretty much on par and a little more expensive . i like the cute gift and odd ends items , good for misc bday stuffers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is very money driven . i scheduled for a regular cleaning , had to wait for 45 minutes . the doctor talked to me for 2 minutes and asked me to do some deeper cleaning for about $ 150 ( price after my insurance ) . almost no one was patient in answering questions ( especially the dentist ) but convincing me to get some expensive treatment . i have my teeth evaluated and cleaned many times before . i am pretty sure i do n't need the fancy cleaning they wanted . the most unprofessional part ; they refused to provide regular cleaning and kind of forcing you to accept their recommended treatment . i have never seen any dentist office this unethical . i am very annoyed that i had to waste 2 hours and got nothing done . only the lady taking x-ray is patient and professional . also , if you notice , for any 1 star rating complaint is followed by a five star comment . your call..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! ! ! no one knows what they are doing . i bought my 90 yr old grandmother new dentures there . they talk a good game but they do n't know how to fit dentures . the owner there is rude and pompous . we went back for refitting 4 times and they never did fix them . each visit lasted 3-4 hours , which most of the time was spent waiting . on our last visit the owner said we were waisting his time and that he would refund the money . the whole experience caused my grandmother undue stress , waisted over 20 hrs of our time and gas money for the 6 trips we make up there . they said they would refund the money back on my credit card . we will see ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called the office because i had gotten something stuck in between my teeth . they got me in right away and were able to take care of it . i needed a filling redone and they got me in quickly and dr. lindstrom was great . i barely felt the shot and the filling was quick and painless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experiences at aspen dental ! i went in for a check up after a long time and was treated like a guest not a customer . the employees were very attentive to me and answered all my questions . insurance covered everything which was great ! also the office is very clean and organized which i appreciated . i have n't given it 5 stars yet because i have only visited once . but i 'm actually looking forward to going back ! great staff & & professionalism !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here today . the staff was super nice . while i was getting adjusted he really told me what he was doing and explained why i was feeling what i was . he did a great job . i feel great . update , they sent me a bill for the co-pay that i already paid for at the visit ... i called them and i told them i wanted them to send me a letter statement that i did pay and everything is good . i never received a statement ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great practice . convenient appointments and immediate service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't live in the area but was in this part of town and had agonizing neck pain . i searched yelp for someone to see and luckily picked bethel park chiropractic . the doctor was in on his day off to see another patient and agreed to see me if i arrived quickly . i did and after my adjustment i felt so much better . it was great to be seen out of office hours , especially since i was in such pain . since i live too far away i wo n't make this my regular chiropractor but i would absolutely recommend . they were accommodating and really did a great adjustment . plus , they took my upmc insurance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never will i purchase furniture at furniture world again . there was only one decent person who works there and knew what customer service means . also they called me one week later to tell me my furniture would be delivered to me on a certain day and the delivery would be between 11 and 7pm . well , no one ever came and i never reveived a call from furniture world . i called furniture world and they told me , they have no idea where the delivery drivers are and that they were sorry they could not help me . i waited around all day and when i called them at 7 , they couldnt even tell me when i could finally expect my deliver they promised . they also said , i will recieve a call to let me know when the delivery would be . it became 10:30pm and no one ever called . i spent $ 2500 and this is the kind of thanks i get for my business . pathetic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first time i went in , they were doing their grand opening , and people actually seemed to care about helping us . we went in today , looking for a mattress . the salesperson , phil , greeted us after i approached him . he halfheartedly showed us to where the mattresses were . after we tried a couple , he wandered off , and left us to our own devices . when we got near the end of our tour , he actually said , `` when you get serious about buying a mattress , come back and see me . '' well , phil , i was so serious that i bought one from two doors down from you - from the guy who actually cared what i wanted .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "take a look at all the good reviews . most of them are from people that have made only one review and that 's it . probably employees or family members . stay away from this place and all it 's other stores . garbage for sale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went into furniture world a little hesitant because of the reviews i 've seen on here . i went in after seeing their sale signs posted in the parking lot . they just opened a new mattress department and wow ! there were 30 different mattresses all lined up and ready to test ... i worked with the sales person and tried a couple beds before falling in love with the therapedic brentwood pillowtop . omg , i got my bed delivered yesterday and i slept so well . i woke up refreshed and ready for the day..i do n't need any other mattresses right now , but when i do , i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have worked with this company for many years they are always on time print quality is great and i get more response with direct door-to-door love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are n't enough words to describe the experiences at this location ! every venue has been classy and every detail always perfected and done with love and care . the experience as it pertains to customer service is exquisite and has been refined by many years of practice and dedication . the owner is a wonderful person who 's personality has been bright and exuberant with every interaction we 've had the pleasure of sharing . come for the printing , come for the marketing , leave with memories you will cherish for a lifetime . thank you to all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the best price in town for the card stock and colors i used . i researched 8 of the top rated printing shops around town , and the card quality price prize goes to these guys . when i need more , i 'll definitely be back ! thanks josh for all your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a destination dine , meaning i would n't head to bally 's for the purpose of having a meal at tequila unless you have a hankering for a 3lb burger . that was n't me , but we were there to cheer on a contestant . my word of advice : be prepared for a long wait for this monster meat . even for 3lbs , the wait was bordering on insane , a little frustrating . still , being in the party of a contender was a good time . in fact , you may only want to go there if you have someone willing to attempt consuming a mountain of meat . the bbq chicken salad was zesty , but i think it is tough to mess up anything coated in bbq sauce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disagree with the last part of ken m 's review . you get a decent amount for your money by splitting the big @ $ $ nachos or ordering the 3lb burger for a group of people instead of just one person . individual sized entrees are way overpriced and saying the food is mediocre is actually a compliment . save your money , and your gas , go to your local roberto 's or any mom and pop taco shop for much better and cheaper food . as for the 1 dollar taco and margaritas , either this is a limited thing they only offer during happy hour or it 's on a secret menu because none of the servers were talking about it and no where was it on the menu .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 1 margaritas , $ 1 tacos , $ 2 tequila shots and $ 2 draft beers , ca n't go wrong with prices like that ! for those prices you 're not getting gourmet food but the tacos are n't bad either . the chips & salsa is $ 3 and is bottomless , the waitress actually offered to box the leftover chips for us to take with us too . i would n't make a special trip to go here but if you 're near bally 's it 's a place to get some decent cheap food and drinks !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times over the years and its a great place for those on a budget . $ 2 tacos , $ 3 modelo drafts and $ 2 margaritas and tequila shots . the tacos are kinda small and nothing extraordinary but they do the job when you have the munches after a long night in vegas ... and they 're only $ 2 each so definitely worth it . try it out ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 1 tacos and margaritas at midnight were the perfect start to our vacation . friendly staff , and close proximity to the gaga prince and the revolution lionel richie cover band that night . what more could you ask for ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this a regular stop for my wife and i whenever we 're in vegas . it ai n't fancy and the service is hit or miss ( we usually sit at the bar ) , but it 's one of the cheapest places on the strip . the food has been pretty good when we 've been and they have great drink specials . like i said , nothing fancy , but it 's a great place to relax , have a few drinks and a bite to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the grande nachos . huge ! eating vegetarian in vegas is usually easy.. so i asked if there was a way to make the nachos vegetarian and indeed there was . you can have them put the meat on the side , which works great if you 're with people that do eat meat . my parents chose the chicken and said it was flavorful and cooked well . they we 're definitely worth trying . i was also told you can order tacos with beans instead of meat and they have a vegetable wrap : ) my mom wanted to get breakfast and ordered scrambled eggs with cheese , home fries and sausage patties with sourdough toast . she said it was just a normal breakfast . tasty but nothing special .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger my friend ordered was bigger than his head ! pretty good food although the service is kinda slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there nachos are no joke ... huge ... i mean ginormous ! we sat our selfs and ordered right away . service is fast and friendly . these are not gourmet nachos by any means but taste great and can easily feed 4 . my hubby and i have huge appetites and could only eat half . if you 're hungry come eat here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was starving after having an afternoon plane ride ( no free lunches anymore unless you 're first class ) , and found this place in my hotel . $ 2 tequila shots , $ 2 tacos ( small ) , and $ 2-3 margaritas - yum . ( $ 2 regular , $ 3 starawberry ) my whole bill for 2 tacos - you can choose from beef or shredded chicken - and 1 strawberry margarita was like $ 8.50 with tip . you ca n't do better than that in vegas ! tacos were just okay but i was n't looking for gourmet . the strawberry margarita is small - think water glass - but tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've attended this place 3 times during my 6 day trip . i would recommend this place if you are looking for a quick place to eat and get cheap shots of tequila ( jose cuervo ) . $ 2 tacos , margaritas and shots , can not beat that deal , especially if you are in vegas . 1 taco will not fill you so order atleast four . waitors are friendly and give exceptional service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "avoid this place if you are in a rush . we were looking for a quick bite before the show at bally 's so we popped into the tequila bar . we only orderd a couple of hamburgers . they were cooked to order , but you could tell the beef was not fresh and had no seasoning . the fries were stale . the service was beyond slow . i have never had a good meal at any restaurant at bally 's and do not care to give them another chance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "poor service but good dollar margaritas which you can upgrade o a double shot for 2 $ more . we had tacos and cheese quesadilla at lunch time mid afternoon . service was slow and food was mediocre . three margaritas four tacos and quesadilla was 18 $", "score": "2"}
{"review": "four stars for the deal ! my boyfriend and i shared the special they have , 3 tacos and a huge plate of nachos . tacos were meh , boyfriend like them though . nachos were yummy and super cheesy ! ! : d this was $ 14 , beyond a good deal ! ! i had a bloody maria , yes maria , they use tequila . $ 5 . we had 4 shots of tequila at $ 1.85 each . so if you 're on a budget , pay this place a visit you wo n't be disappointed ! it 's somewhat towards the back of bally 's . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 6 pitcher of modelo- cheap for vegas $ 14 chicken enchiladas - they were good . it was a ton of food ! $ 9 queso fresco dip- dont even bother it was terrible the service was awful", "score": "3"}
{"review": "atmosphere is ok . selection is ok. food and drink offered is quite good . service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best deal if you are on a tight budget . went here for the $ 1 tacos and $ 1 margaritas . tacos were great and drinks were strong . will definitely stop in again , if i 'm passing through bally 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg the nachos are huge ! i did n't get it though , but from a distance , it could easily feed 4-5 people . wings were really good , they were quite meaty , so if you 're looking for a decently cheap place and want some food . come here i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly it was location that made it convenient for me to eat here . i had the adobo chilaquiles and honestly the chips and salsa was better than the entree that was n't worth the cost . but of course it 's vegas and nothing 's cheap but of course you 'd hope to have quality food to match the price . it 's not that great at all , perhaps the alcohol can fade out the quality of food when drunk but if on a sober note you come here , have a beer , chips and salsa if you have to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is decent , service is never good . we have been here probably 10 timed over the last year and it has become our late night `` let 's eat , but do n't expect much '' kind of place . you will always wait on the waiter ... but it 's a decent late night choice for food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are cheap and staying in bally 's , then you should come here . otherwise , the food is only okay and i am sure there are better options that are in a similar price range , even though dining tends to be pricey in vegas . we ordered the chips and salsa , the $ 2 tacos , and then two of us vegetarians got the taco salad minus the beef . everything was okay , just the service took a long time ... we basically had to beg to get or bottomless chips and salsa refilled . also , the food took a long time to come , as well as everything else . i probably wo n't come here again unless i find myself staying in bally 's another time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for dinner , had great drinks ( razzarita is really good , my sister really like the watermelon cooler ) food was pretty good too , im not that big of a fan of tamales but were pretty good and had the alambre tacos which were very tasty . this place is however pretty expensive , me and my sister shared an order of tacos and tamales , and had 2 drinks each bill was around $ 80 . the service was good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the wasteland that is late night food on the vegas strip , this place adds a few extras . while you can get a cheap steak and eggs , the real finds are the infused tequila , the ridiculously huge nachos , some insanely large burgers , and some other items that i ca n't recall since i was just as drunk as everyone else at the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place to start a vegas vacation and stay on budget . i found myself coming here several times during my stay in las vegas . the $ 2 tacos are excellent and nothing like taco bell , they have a nice fresh shredded beef and very fresh tasting . ingredients . also the $ 2 margaritas were good welcomed addition to the budget meal . the only downside was the service was rather slow but the good food , drinks and prices made it worth the wait . i will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we sat down here at 2am looking for some bar grub . we ordered the nachos ( $ 16 ) and a side of onion rings ( $ 7 ) . the nachos were by far the biggest platter of nachos i 've ever seen . i remember them being pretty good but then again i was hammered . the service was slow and spotty at best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking to eat and not spend what slot machine money you have left ... try tequila bar and grill . it 's not fancy , but you can get a ton of food for cheap . we split the 1 2 beef nachos and had over half left . i think it was around $ 13 for the nachos , which came with 3 big street tacos . a pitcher of beer was $ 9 . a great deal , especially if you 're on the strip and do n't want to shell out a bunch of money on something quick to eat . chips were crispy , they used real cheese , guac was fresh ( not brown ) , salsa was tasty . give it a go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unbelievable ! ! ! ! visited vegas from austin and would have never dreamed we would have run into mexican food this good ( and cheap ) in a casino bar . gigantic proportions to boot . hard to find inside bally 's but worth the search .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when will we learn ? we came in here tired and starving after half a day of walking down the strip . we were seduced by the all day $ 2 specials , but really the warning signs were there . we started off ordering the $ 2 margaritas which quenched the thirst , but were all syrup and next to no alcohol ( no real surprise ) . we followed that up with a taco salad and queso fundido . we got full quick , but neither were very appetizing . the biggest sin of the meal , though , was that they served chili with the taco salad rather than pinto or refried beans . overall , for las vegas , this joint is cheap , but you have so many other options you might as well spend a little more and enjoy your meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "going from bill 's or o'shays in vegas just wandering around getting drunk , our friend and i make it a point to stop by the tequila bar to get the fish bowl that has a drink that looks like an amf ( $ 20 ) . after that , make sure to down some tequila shots for those that did n't make it to vegas ( $ 2 ) . then down it with a tall pitcher of modelo , because liquor before beer , you 're in the clear ( $ 7 ) . after we do all the things above ... well ... let 's say that stays in vegas . specialty : tex-mex recommendations for first timers : $ 1 tacos ( i hope they do n't raise the prices ) service : 9 10 variety : 10 10 , parking : 10 10 marc out . btw : they make margaritas really strong , so if you 're into that then definitely a place worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken wings are a good choice to soak up liquor quickly . saturday night bar across from the restaurant have live music .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was decent , the prices were alright ( for vegas ) , but the service was terrible ! if it were n't for the fact that i have moral issues with getting up and leaving without paying ( even if we have only had drinks ) i would have done it . our waiter not only left halfway through our meal ( without telling anyone ) , but even when he was there , everything ( from drink order to drink reception ) took at least 20 minutes minimum . our food order ( which was soups and appetizers ) took well over 45 minutes to come out . another thing ... my grandma ordered the tortilla soup , and it looked ( and tasted ) a lot like the texas chili . it just had tortilla strips added . i think they are more used to people who are wasted and do n't keep track of the normal details that restaurant service requires . i would never recommend this place , sober or drunk . but hey , if it 's 4:30am and no where else is serving food for your munchies , then it works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a beer 2 bucks tacos ? yes sir 2 bucks ! 2am , heck yes ! , the service fast , the taste , amazing for the middle of the night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with my in-laws and all our kids , 13 people in total . we took advantage of their awesome weekday specials , $ 2 beer , $ 2 margaritas , $ 2 tequila shots , $ 2 tacos , all day . tacos were tasty . we also ordered bottomless chips salsa and `` el jefe '' nachos - biggest plate of nachos i 've ever seen ! our server sonia was a doll - patient , accommodating , good sense of humor . we left full and happy for $ 130 , tip included . would definitely go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tucked away in the back of the bally 's is the rarely crowded tequila bar . popular for the $ 2 tequila shots , $ 3 draft beers and cheap tacos that people stumble in to chug back before heading out to the casino floor or night club , often overlooked are the stellar entrees . sure , you 're going to pay full price , but they make it worth it . especially delectable is the carne asada plate . marinated just right , slathered with chimichuri and cheese , it is among the best out there . the carne asada sits atop a savory plate of black beans , lime seasoned rice and sweet plantains . for desert , skip the cheap jose cuervo swill and ask the bartender for a good tequila recommendation ; you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered cadillac margaritas , and i think they were all margarita mix with no tequila for $ 7 . way too sweet . they were running a special on shots of jose for $ 2 , so we bought a couple to add to our drinks to cut the sweetness . note , their `` shots '' are maybe an ounce . much too small to be acutal shots . we ordered their nachos , and they were huge ! definitely the highlight with lots of good toppings . no way the 2 of us were finishing them ( although we gave it a good run ) . we were supposed to have gotten a $ 2 discount on the nachos with our total rewards card , which we did n't get . i did n't notice until later though , and i did n't feel like going back and arguing about $ 2 . all-in-all , it 's an ok place , but years ago i remember the drinks were great and i 'd spend hours hanging out there . now ? not so much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good enough find inside of ballys . if you 're walking through the casino , you 'll see the signs offering their reasonably priced drinks and tacos ( great for pre-gamers ) . however , once you 're inside the place , those $ 2 margarita signs disappear completely . make sure you ask your server for the $ 2 margaritas and draft beers specifically or else you 'll end up with a $ 7 margarita ... that does n't offer anything justifying the extra $ 5 . my advice , get a couple of the $ 2 tequila shots and dump them in the $ 2 margarita ; v\u00edola , a fantastic way to start the night on the cheap .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 1 tacos are the best deal here..i did n't see any mention of the $ 2 draft beer or the $ 1 margaritas..damn ! we also had the cheese enchiladas..not the best..but ok . the chips and salsa were also just ok . i would come back for the cheap tacos ... .service was really slow..need more servers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good $ 2 tacos awesome chips and salsa . great service . 5 tacos chips and salsa and a root beer . $ 15 great deal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm writing to give this three stars because as a whole it is a'ok . vegas is all about the glitz and bright lights and most of the restaurants around the strip are pretty pricey . this is a great place to stop into if you are looking for something a little less expensive . the food is decent . i ordered a steak salad and it was better than the one that i order at the sugar factory . good service , but it 's a little small of a space so probably not good for groups .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like nachos then go here . you should take some friends because the plate is huge . we have gone here a few times and the food is good for the price . the $ 2.00 margaritas are just that but they still get you drunk for a good price . this is a great place to meet up with friends and have a good inexpensive time . we have gone to other places and paid as much for a few drinks as drinks and a meal here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered my dinner as take-out so that i could go back to my room and work , because i 'm lame like that ( no judgment ) . while i waited , i tried the $ 2 margarita and it was n't too shabby . i would have liked it to be a little less sweet with a lot more tequila , but hey it was $ 2 ! the grilled fish tacos were just perfect . the portion was huge and i could n't finish it ( which made me really wish that the hotel room had a mini fridge ) . i might just go back tomorrow night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a casual american restaurant with a friendly menu serving burgers , ribs , nachos and cheap drinks with huge portions near the casino in bally 's , vegas - good for mixed groups , guys and satisfies a drinkers craving for a hefty , greasy meal . portions and price point are the sell here . my two girlfriends and i drank $ 2 margaritas and shared el jefe 's nachos grande ( $ 16 ) . fully-loaded with layers of toppings and cheese , the nacho platter was literally the biggest platter i 've seen in my life . we stuffed ourselves silly ( and regretted it soon after ) and it did n't even look like we made a dent in it . i recommend sharing the nachos grande with 6-8 hungry girls or 4-5 hungry guys . 3-pound texas challenge : ultimate bbq bacon cheese burger $ 35 you get this burger and fries free if you finish it . this hungry man named joey was up for it while we were there and he did n't even finish half . wall of burger finisher fame had only a mere ~17 people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm writing this review because i 'm craving one ( okay 4 ) of their chicken tacos right now . mmmmm . if you 've been out drinking all night this place is perfect to curb your munchies . affordable $ 2 tacos & $ 3 strawberry margaritas a few of each will leave your wallet and tummy satisfied . we ate here almost everyday it 's pretty additive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crowded and not cheap at peak hours . had a hell of a time trying to get two spots to sit for my girlfriend and me . paid $ 14 for two draft beers at about 3:00pm weekday . i guess happy hour time would have been cheaper but we did n't want to rack up a big bill by the time happy hour started ( i think it starts at 5:00pm ) . left and went across the street to la salsa .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the first restaurant bar i hit up in vegas for my graduation trip . the atmosphere is very laid-back , dim lit restaurant and dated bar with old-school box tvs . what mainly attracted me was the $ 2 tacos and tequila shots which sold me . tacos were decent , although after a few $ 2 tequila shots and pints which are also 2 bucks , they 're pretty bomb . i asked the bartender what kind of tequila it was , they had no clue ! however , service was fast and efficient but not very friendly . overall , i 'd give this place 3-stars for people on a budget and 2-stars who are n't", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good bang for the buck for late night food , especially if you are staying at bally 's . one thing to keep in mind is that there is a separate late night menu after 11p . i came around 2a hoping for some ribs , but ended up with steak and eggs for $ 10 instead . steak was perfectly cooked ( char broiled ) to medium rare and everything was a healthy portion size . i think bill 's across the street has some better deals , but if you are tired , even that 's too much of a walk . the $ 2 tacos and margaritas are always available though they do n't appear anywhere in the menu though they are on posters all through the casino .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's strange how there are fairly limited late night dining options in vegas . it seems like in most casinos , there is one all night cafe with diner type food and bars with munchies . the nice restaurants are always closed in the middle of the night . well , that night , we did n't feel like diner grub and did n't want to go to another hotel , so we settled on munchies at tequila bar and grill . average , syrupy frozen margaritas . lousy food that tasted like frozen costco appetizers thrown in a fryer . the only bad meal i 've ever had on the las vegas strip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here with my youngest boy , celebrating his 21st . came here around midnight and had the $ 2 tacos with chicken and modelo . six tacos and two beers total cost of $ 16 . ca n't beat the price and not bad either . also , helped that we were also staying at ballys too . would come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best guacamole ever ! i had the three taco combo . all were great . margaritas were terrific . excellent service . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the nachos were great , the initial waitress needed an education on what a top shelf drink was ( at a place called tequila 's - i am not kidding ! ) , the manager saved the day by taking good care of us . the nacho plate was huge . decent flavor and huge . reasonable price and did i say huge ? so ... know your own drinks and talk to the manager . but we wo n't be back ; too many other places in vegas to have fun .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a must if you happen to be in bally 's and in need of a quick bite that wo n't break the bank . $ 14 for a huge plate of beef or chicken nachos with three tacos of your choice included , has got to be the best deal on the strip . follow that up with $ 3 modelo drafts and the must have infused tequila shots and expect to leave full and hammered for under $ 50 total for two people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the grande nachos will feed a crew of 3-4 without too much trouble ... i ca n't say much more on their other foods because this is all i eat here whenever i visit . although i did try their 2 dollar taco and it was pretty tasty . the beef has a good flavor to it , but it is the soft kind ... not `` carne asada . '' enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for some reason i was mad craving tacos so i checked on yelp and found this was the closest one that was open . this eatery is located at the back of the bally 's casino , next to the new drai 's location . it is a pretty big space ... we opted to sit at the bar and order some grub . i got 3 shredded beef tacos and my friend got an order of fries and a tall bud lite . the fries were pretty standard , and the tall bud light i believe was like $ 6 ... pretty good deal ! the tacos were $ 2 each , but really really blehhhhh . no flavor whatsoever . i ate all three anyways because i was super hungry . overall , it was an okay spot that is open late with good prices ... next time i 'll try to find another taco spot before coming here . thanks !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 1 margaritas and $ 1 tacos ( get 4 for a decent sized meal ) . how could you go wrong ? nothing phenomenal about this by any means , except the prices . check it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times and once was to try to defeat the big plate of nachos . myself and two other friends were unable to dominate this beast but we got close . they also have a 3lb burger challenge if you 're feeling like you have to redeem yourself from getting your ass kicked by a slot machine . i 've tried their baby rack rib dinner and the food is average , not spectacular tasting but they are large in portion . good for late nights if you 're in the area and you want to munch on appetizers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a dump , the servers are unprofessional , place is dark and dirty . the tabled have the paint scratched off , i saw several people sit down and leave . i got a drink and it was awful , got an almost $ 20 thing of nachos that were huge , but was mostly chips with some beans and hidden little chunks of chicken ( dark meat ) and a small scoop of guac . do n't go here , walk to paris or another place , even mcdonalds would have been better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed at ballys for the first time and tried out this restaurant since my girls and i got really hungry after checking in . we got the the el jefe 's grande nacho . this plate was ginormous . there were five of us girls and we did n't even finish half of it ! omg so i would definitely recommend to get this for a party of 7 or 8 people ! overall , it was really good ! i love the guacamole , sour cream and we got it half chicken and half beef . so yummy ! go here for nachos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great specials found this place walking thru bally 's going to paris . $ 2 tequila shots , 8oz margaritas , and taco 's all day , everyday ! service is a bit slow , but service was friendly and the place was very busy when we came in . i had 2 chicken taco 's that were great , stuffed full of chicken , lettuce , and a lot of cheese . great place for cheap eats in vegas which is hard to find .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am definitely a super fan for hk food especially since i do n't live in markham , i would say this is one of the very few places in sauga to have it . the milk tea is consistent and so is my all-time fav `` yin yang '' ( mixed milk tea and coffee ) . tasty always makes milk tea fresh and it is super smooth ... reminds me of hk ! they have lunch specials through out the week as well as dinner specials . i like their chinese hot pot as they have various choices and it comes with a drink and soup . they also have a very popular deep fried chicken leg combo that a lot of people order . it is very filling since the chicken leg is massive ! tasty serves breakfast on weekends which unfortunately i do n't often get to eat.. but the odd times that i have had it..it reminds of hk ... reminiscing of the yummy goodness back home.. i personally enjoy tasty and i would say to give it a try if you like hk-style food ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good - i was pleasantly surprised at the selection here . they have weekday specials where every day of the week they offer 5 different dishes at a cheaper price . we also had a delicious hot pot and my usual order of baked spaghetti ( but with ox tongue this time around ) . the food is on par with a few other hk cafes around the area , but i still like the spaghetti sauce at pheonix better , but in terms of all the other dishes , this place has some winners . the hot pot dish was fantastic and it looked like the hakka fried noodles was a winner around the restaurant . note that the yelp check-in offer of a free drink will not be accepted here - they say they 've tried to remove it from the yelp app several times but have not had any response from yelp ? just a warning for those trying to redeem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no free ice tea ... the waitress was completely clueless about the offer.. wasted my data and battery for checking in..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place is simple and suitable for a quick hang out with friends . i remember the prices were decent and the reason i chose this restaurant was the vegan menu they had , which is not reduced to one dish . there was quite a choice . i chose rice with white cream mushroom sauce and it was delicious . could have had a bit more of a kick to it , but i was happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first visit here . a little disappointed that the check in bonus was not honoured . it 's a small thing ie only iced tea but it 's the principle ... food was just ok . i had the ox tongue with black pepper sauce and noodles . the ox tongue slices were very thin and the pepper sauce was barely pepperish . the decor was cool with the back lit leds and free wifi was a bonus in a chinese rest . will i repeat ? i might give it another shot . will report back then .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of hk cafe style food and this is my favorite place to get my fill in mississauga . i highly recommend their deep fried chicken leg with spaghetti and a choice of sauce . aside from tasting great , it is portioned generously . the size of their chicken legs are huge ! you also get a drink on the side . i 'm a sucker for a cup of hot hk style milk tea , so that 's my usual get . the best part is that all this costs under 10 dollars ! one word i would describe this restaurant . value !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for mississauga , i was very disappointed with the food here . the beef chow fun was okay and a bit greasy . i ordered a chicken on a hot plate dish that was highly recommended , and it was not flavored well . everything we ordered was not flavored well and needed some salt . the price is decent and it 's open pretty late .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here today to try the chicken pot . the chicken pot was very flavourful and juicey . i think they use free run chicken . this dish did not come with rice so make sure to order a bowl of rice because it is salty . when i ordered the chicken pot i had no idea how much it was worth because i ca n't read chinese and i just pointed at a picture . so as soon as the bill came it startled me because it was worth $ 35.. which was really pricey . i also ordered a tomato porkchop spaghetti that was $ 7 and came with a drink . nothing special about this dish . with just 2 items , the bill came to $ 55 which was very expensive for what you are getting at a hk style cafe . overall i would recommend the chicken pot just to try it out because it was certainly tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being a sauga local , i always come here for a quick bite with my mom . reasonably price combo serve with drink and soup on most dishes . average $ 10 per person & you ca n't go wrong with the hot pot dishes ! i get it every time : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i decided to come here for lunch and both of us ended up with a stomach ache followed by many unfortunate visits to the washroom . ( this was the only meal we had ) . we got an eggplant and pork rib pot and a fish and corn cream sauce spaghetti dish and two milk teas ( hot and cold ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . i feel extremely unsatisfied . i found a piece of plastic in my eggs halfway through my meal . i brought this to the attention of the manager and she said she would replace it and took away my plate which still had my toast and bacon on it . another dish came a few minutes later with just an egg . what happened to my toast and bacon ? ? i asked for an additional slice of toast to go with the egg and she said breakfast is over , no more toast available . how is this possible ? ? how can you treat customers this way ? ? worst customer experience ever . do n't waste your time coming here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this used to be my go-to place for late night eats . a lot of places in mississauga are n't open late , so i always end up coming here with friends . their food is similar to a hong kong cafe style . which is something i personally really love . i like how they have specials which come with a drink for free . i always get the hot cold hk milk tea ! their deep fried chicken leg is really good ! it does take 15 minutes to make , so order this when you are n't in a rush . the only thing i 'd say is a down fall is that they do n't take credit or debit ( only cash ) . a bunch of times i wanted to come eat here , but someone in our group did n't have cash , so we went elsewhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little hk cake in sauga . food : 4 5 a little slow but great afternoon tea menu . service : 3 5 efficient and serious . environment : 4 5 simple . seating is spaced well . washrooms : 4 5 okay . worth it ? : 4 5 good for a snack or afternoon tea . came here after a long hiking trip . we were a group of ate and service ended up moving another table who just sat down to make room for us . the family who was asked to move did so graciously so we lucked out . the afternoon tea menu is quite good with a lot of options . service does seem to want to rush to get your orders in . food portion is sized well . i had the spaghetti with meat sauce ( to carb load after the hike ) . it was a simple dish and what you would expect from an hk cafe . i would come back next time i 'm in sauga . there are not many hk cafes around and this one is a great bang for your buck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent place for hong kong cafe style good and middle afternoon tea . food portion is a little small but the drinks appear bigger than most places", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , i think i know why there are n't many reviews on this place . most people only write about places that are really exceptional or really terrible and this place is neither . it is average and a safe bet . had the baked portuguese chicken with spaghetti and it was only ok . i 'll have to admit though that the service is very good for a chinese restaurant with very quick service . would visit again , but not somewhere i would take a date .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are n't many selections of chinese `` tea restaurants '' in mississauga . this is one of the better ones in terms of pricing and quality of food . the portions seem to have decreased over time but my most recommended dish is their deep fried chicken leg with black pepper sauce . service is as expected compared to other chinese restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just received the most beautiful flower arrangement ! absolutely first class . they really know what they 're doing . unique and different ideas . so many choices and flower and plant containers to complement any decor . great service too . does not disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . a very local , community feel . this little shop has great product , and ever changing flower inventory -- allowing for creative boquet arrangements all the time ! i 've been helped by 2 different florists now , both of which are most friendly and knowledgeable . they are a great help when you feel lost at picking flowers , and also can identify pet friendly flowers too . i ended up getting many great tips from them on orchid care and air plants . ask them anything , and they 've got a wealth of knowledge . this is one of the best florists i 've found in a long time . i will continue to go back ! they take great care in the floral arrangements , and always put together a full , wonderful looking boquet . in addition , they will box cut flowers and if you have a long ways to go , they will actually include water for the cut flowers to go ! packaging is top notch . all arrangements seem to be custom , so you can design to your hearts content .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used gilded and green to do my wedding flowers , and my experience was fantastic , i was so impressed by them . they did two large arrangements for the ceremony , table centerpieces , boutonnieres , and all the bouquets . i had an idea of what i wanted , but i was looking for some creative input . i worked with charlotte and she perfectly created the look i was going for . she was extremely accommodating and easy to work with , and had lots of ideas . they delivered the flowers to the venue on our wedding day , and i could n't have been happier with them ! they were beautiful and fresh , and the final arrangements looked gorgeous ! i will be using gilded and green again , and i would definitely recommend them if you 're looking for a florist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rarely order flowers but there was a person i wanted to thank . the many ftd florists i saw on line , although they had good reviews , all seemed to have the same standard style , so i looked for an independent florist and chose gilded & green because they were in the right neighbourhood . my experience with this company was excellent in every respect . i phoned in the morning and the woman who answered was mostly helpful in exploring options . a few hours later got a message of thanks from my very happy recipient . so , although my dealing was limited , it was positive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've ordered arrangements for my mother in law several times and have always been impressed . the flowers last much longer than from other florists , and the selection is great . staff are helpful and charming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother owned an alteration shop so i know a little about the quality of the stitch work . some places use cheaper machines that are limited in ability resulting in poorer quality . when you buy a quality garment , your paying for materials and the quality of the stitch work . the juki machines they use are oil cooled with giant reservoirs of oil to keep these industrial machines working consistently . all this equates with quality work by quality seamstresses . not all alteration shops are alike . there 's a reason why i by brooks brothers suits but get alterations here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five pairs of pants ... 10 minutes pinning them and picked up a couple days later . they were perfectly done and it was like $ 25 total . never really done alterations to pants so i ca n't compare but i have to say this place was spot on to what i would have expected . will be going there again and recommending to my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and clean place . i got my bridesmaid dress altered here . it took a bit longer than expected to get it done but it fit great . will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is near my house so i use it for the location . they have always done pretty good work on pieces that i need mended or tailored . only thing is when i have gone in before the woman who works the front desk doesnt acknowledge you sometimes , she just kind ignores you while shes doing something else and your left wondering `` does she see me ? '' ive seen it happen to others too ... lol anyways , not too bad . they do good work . there is an odor in there but it is from moth balls that they keep out to keep moths away from the clothing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am short and have to have a lot of things hemmed ! everything i 've had done there , dresses , jeans , jackets , etc have been done great ! i also have one leg that 's longer so each pant let is different and it 's always been done correctly . the prices are definitely cheaper than most alterations places around ! ! ! they are n't super friendly but who really is ? ? the owner always does all the pinning no one else . been going there about 3 years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a dentist that 's open on a friday ? unheard of ! but there 's this dentistry of the carolinas office which is one of their branches in the charlotte area and they were able to see me for a semi-emergency visit . good service , quality dentistry , and they 're open on friday . what 's not to love ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a brand new patient here and my experience was wonderful . all of my appointments were scheduled with ease and promptness . the staff members i encountered here were all very nice and dr. schuyler and dr. marti were wonderful . dr. schuyler did ( 8 ) white composite resin feelings for me and everything turned out great as this was the first time in my life i have ever had fillings performed . carrie is wonderful , and tonya `` t '' is wonderful . i recommend this location filled with outstanding staff members for anyone who requires dental attention and or assistance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta love this dental practice ! why ? dr. marti and her staff ! and they accomodate my every other friday off schedule ! super professional , uber friendly , and most importantly ( from a patient 's standpoint ) is that they are gentle ! drugs rule at the dental office ( uh that would be legal `` drugs '' like novacaine , etc . they have automated emails to remind you of appointments which is great . just a really great practice with warm , friendly people who make going to the dentist as `` pleasant '' as possible . if you 're looking for a dentist i would highly recommend dr. marti and her practice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always friendly and time-conscience . my dental assistants are so sweet and always make me feel comfortable . also a bright and welcoming environment ! love this dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whoa ! ? this place has definitely cleaned up ... it does n't look run down anymore and the dirtiness and stench yelpers have mentioned are pretty much under control here . the produce area is alot more clean and organized , i even spied some taro leaves for any future cravings of lau lau i may have , and the seafood and butcher section is still packed with people shopping for their daily weekly dinner . although it is not my choice for asian markets , ( i prefer 168 and greenland ) its good to know that ranch 99 is another option . check it out if you 're in the area ... its not as bad as the outdated reviews mention . aloha ! ! ! yelp 100 challenge 2013- ( 36 100 ) `` ranch 99 revamped ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , i 'm on vacation , so why am i going to a ranch 99 market ? good question . hubby wanted to go there to buy something so we all went in there . god this is one of the worst ranch 99 markets i 've ever been to . it 's soooooooooo ghetto . it is dirty and small and smells ( lil guy says all ranch 99 smells ) worse than any other i 've ever been to . the aisles are just so congested and nothing is arranged neatly . i felt like i was in asia all over again in a 3rd world country market . the only reason i gave them 2 stars was because their large bottles of evian was really cheap and i got some of those for the room . other than that , ugh , doubt i 'll ever come back to this place again . there are 2 other asian markets just a little ways down the road . i 'll check those out next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 5.99 lb beef short ribs plus the korean bbq sauce i like = good bbq food for the weekend . this is mostly where i shop for this item because i 've been coming here for many years and have not been disappointed . parking is sometimes a hassle , spaces are small and tight . its never fun to park here in my big truck . the store is nice and clean , looks good . i really need to try seafood market next time since its on my side of town now . i was just here in the neighborhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "big asian market . standard like the other ranch 99s i 've been to . might be a little smaller compared to california 's . super clean and smells wonderful . produce was nicely stocked even if being late night in a week day . prices were fair for ranch 99 . their bakery and deli section was nice and presentable . bought a bunch of snacks and bakery goods . it was late night like 8:30pm . not very busy at this location . great customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dirty , crowded , loud , unwelcoming . that about sums up what i think of this 99 ranch market . i definitely agree with tony t. that the 99 ranch markets in southern california offer a completely different shopping experience . this location has very poor customer service . it seems like they have a lot of employees , but not a single one ever talks to me or tries to help out at all . on a couple different occasions , i 've had to carry down a large bag of rice by myself because no one would help me . on top of that , the prices are n't the cheapest , but i think many people do n't know about other asian groceries in town , so they just rely on this one . the place is n't necessarily a mess , but it 's definitely dirty and i never see anyone cleaning the floors or anything . i 'd like to say i 'll never come here again , but i know i probably will .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came to lv for a vacation ... wanted a seafood dinner but being in a hotel we were pleasantly surprised they will deep fry or steam any seafood there . we ordered live maine lobsters for 9.99 # and stone crab for 3.99 # they steamed it in 15 minutes , and put it in foil pan so we had something for the shells ... [ we went to the dollar tree for a shell cracker ]", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dirty , old expired food . regret buying fruit . oranges , plums , and nectarines were all rotten . cashiers are shady . charged me $ 10 for 5 oranges . thought it was too much so i told her i 'll take two out and only buy 3 . the 3 came out to $ 2 . really shady business here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoy shopping here because of the good prices and the staff actually are nice too u . good selection on fish and produce . when im feeling lazy they have frozen loompia all ready that actually taste good and not freezer burned . found a store that was selling freezer burned loompia before and it still bugs me . i buy cases of coconut water here as well cause of the low price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a deep affinity for young coconuts . at a typical american grocer , these coconuts can go for as much as $ 3 each . i would be broke if i was shelling out that sort of money for my daily breakfast coconut . there are only 3 things i purchase at ranch 99 here in vegas : 1 . coconuts 2 . shirataki noodles 3 . bohae black raspberry wine . there is nothing else that is needed here that ca n't be purchased elsewhere . the one thing ranch 99 has going for it is that it is generally cleaner than any other asian grocer on spring mountain . depending on the cashier , they 'll give a case discount on the coconuts , but not always . parking is an absolute sideshow so exercise caution .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to a lot of ranch 99 supermarkets and this one is the worst one by far . it 's on the smaller side , it 's super crowded , and the bakery section is absolutely abysmal . there was no bakery really . just a cramped corner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the 99 ranch market was smaller than what i 've usually seen as far as 99 ranch markets went . it was really close to the las vegas strip so you could come here if you needed some asian food for your trip . parking was shared with other restaurants in the plaza but you might need to drive around for a bit . the aisles were organized from what i saw and easy to find stuff . it was n't that busy even after 6:30pm and that was a little surprising to me especially in a plaza like this . overall , this 99 ranch market was alright .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "99 ranch was the go to asian grocery store in northern and southern california . when i first moved out here i was glad to see the familiar signage in las vegas 's chinatown . however , once i walked in and saw how dirty it is plus the poor quality of their produce , i was really shocked and disappointed . i asked my culinary school classmates if the quality of this supermarket has recently gone down hill , but they told me that it has been like that for years . unbelievable ! i am not sure how they stay open , or why their corporate would not step in and clean it up ( the store and its current management and crew ) . anyway , i am glad that the korean supermarket ( greenland further west on spring mountain ) is finally opened . that place thus far has way better prices , better quality produces , and the competition has helped lower the price in other asian grocery stores too . if you can avoid it , do n't shop at this filthy and often smelly 99 ranch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for an asian supermarket , it 's overpriced . sriracha chili sauce , large size ( 28 oz ) is $ 3.99 here but at sf supermarket ( on spring mountain @ decatur ) it 's only $ 2.79 . 99 ranch market is conveniently located within chinatown plaza but i think they rely too much on their name recognition over keeping prices low .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good variety of asian items . seafood area is good sashimi grade is ok , but generally do have a good variety.. you can usually find yellowtail , clams and several fish roes the others dont stock often . probably not the cleanest places , and crowded layout that might make it seem cluttered ... all in all a good place to shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first ranch 99 supermarket on west coast . i was so happy . as far as i knew , the china supermarket was the heaven for asian people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love making shabu-shabu and this store has every ingredient to make the magic happen . we used to cut our own thin meat slices but we just found out that they already have them sliced for you and they come in a package , they have rib eye , pork and chicken this saves me time trying to get those paper thin slices . they have big range of fresh produce and butcher chop , it can get bit crowded and hard to browse freely on the isles but it 's worth it ! love this store and i love how the cashiers are always so nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "damn i should 've done my research first , i 've just recently discovered produce is usually a lot cheaper at the asian markets and decided to try ranch 99 for my veggies and my other asian needs , everything seemed so much more expensive here . the only thing i liked a little better was the frozen option of dim sum ready to steam . i have n't tried it yet but seems like they had more variety than i 've seen at other places . i also took away a star because there was a `` manager special '' on a ramen flavor and i could n't reach the top shelf to grab them since they were almost out of stock . i knew i should 've brought my `` as seen on tv '' gopher arm grabber !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "infuriating but sometimes necessary ... every once in a while i 'll find something that i ca n't find elsewhere but ... i usually avoid it if i can . i 'll pop in if i 'm in the area but that 's about it ... i prefer 168 if i need any asian goodies ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "99 ranch market was one of the first big asian supermarkets to grace las vegas . over the years , it became run down and dirty , but they recently went through a renovation that has rendered them sparkling new again . it just does n't seem right for an asian supermarket to be clean does it ? for the most part you can get a majority of your necessities here , but produce quality and prices are better at the vietnamese ( near the pho so 1 ) , international market , or the one in the suiseki shopping center . frugality and high expectations are traits that have been instilled in me from a young age . i will not hesitate to hit up multiple grocery stores in one day just to get the best items and deals . ranch 99 is more of a convenient place , but head down the street for better grocery stores . there are plenty of them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think asians have a built-in gps for 99 ranch markets . my aunt and uncle knew about this place from the last time they visited lv and since we needed fruits and water to counterbalance all the oil that we 've ingest the last couple days that lubricated our organs . is the store extra smelly , dirty , crowded , and cramped aisle to simulate a third world country lv experience ? awesome .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i shop at this 99 ranch location whenever i am dining around that area . this place i noticed is well stocked . i must admit that they have all your asian necessity and essentials here . they have a good selection of fresh tropical fruits , meat , seafood , packet noodles , vegetables , rice , alcohol , can goods , asian snacks , etc . i like their ready to eat fried fish and they are fresh and cheap . the seafood section is clearly the best part . you can choose from fresh fish and seafood on ice . if you like your seafood super-fresh , then check out the tanks for live fish , clams , crabs , lobster , and shrimp . here 's the greatest part , you can have them prepare it for you via their fry method . this store can be your one stop shop . come during the week , there is less traffic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes ! they have one in vegas . load up here ! $ 29 for grey goose and about $ 50 for patron . just beware . it 's a pain trying to get a cab out here . even when we called for one , it never came .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since vegas is only four hours away from riverside , it was the default vacation for my family . however , not being of legal age to drink , gamble , or smoke , vegas was not so much fun as a kid . dad : i think we 're going to go boston for christmas . me : cool ! ( weeks pass ... my dad has n't really planned anything ) dad : uh , how about we do vegas ? me : again ? ! on one of these many trips to vegas , my parents decided to drive off the strip . they wanted to get dim sum . what ? there 's dim sum in vegas ? are my parents taking the oh so bountiful meth that 's produced in the inland empire ? but if you drive 15-20 minutes away from the strip , there 's a chinese strip mall , complete with its own 99 ranch . where the chinese are , 99 ranch will follow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you not love this awesome asian supermarket , the fresh seafood is amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in vegas for vacay ... needed some goods and we were already in the plaza next door eating at pho kim long ... so we came over and got some ramen ... fruits and alcohol . haha ... . luckily they had alcohol so we did n't have to make another stop back towards the hotel . everything was pretty much the same price as the ranch at home ... but unfortunately they did n't have big gallons of water like we needed . other than that , it 's in a convenient location for people visiting like us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've found that this market offers a greater variety of everything-specifically produce- when compared to other asian markets i 've patroned . the market located by the boulevard shopping mall seems considerably larger than this one . i 'd prefer shopping at that one but the spring mountain location is closer to my home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "many asian products , popular items , beverages , herbal products , medicinal products , fruits and vegetables , fresh oysters , seafood , meats , vegan products , and teas can be found here . great place to buy brown rice , oysters , fish or seafood from . yellowtail and salmon are my favorites ... although most of the fish are non-odoriferous , nice , taut , fresh and in good state of color . request the fish to get it cleaned and cooked in the fryer in medium or well-done crispy as preferred , all at a great convenience and affordability at no extra charge . i like it that it saves me from cooking and cleaning the fish at home , especially when all i want to do is just get eating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located within vegas chinatown complex , i recall this location being the very first 99 ranch in vegas opened over 15 years ago . they store seems a bit small compare to other ethnic markets in town . the staffs do seem more efficient than other store though and this one being busier due to its location . however , after shopping in stores further away from the strip in town , the products here seem a bit overpriced . it could be a chinatown thing or close to the strip , just like the starbucks on the strip . usually i shop here for products i can bring home , but if a few blocks down the street made a serious difference in price , the latter option will be taken .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "99 ranch market has come far from what it used to look like but its still probably my least favorite but i give them an a-ok for effort . parking lot : small , with a lot of bumps , people crossing constantly not caring for cars , crazy asian drivers . price : i find this asian market more pricy than the other markets . maybe its just me but little things like soy sauce seem to be more pricy than even your local smiths stores variety : mostly chinese , it is located in china town plaza . i like their seafood variety even though seafood city has a better selection . when ever i do n't want to make the trip down to sea food city 99 ranch market gets the job done . customer service : i 'm pretty nice , i usually say hello & have a small conversation usually with the cashier . but man the cashiers here are cold , its like they do n't even acknowledge your hello .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super sad that there is no bakery or roasted duck inside this ranch 99 location . : ( everything here is way overpriced and nothing is sold in bulk here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we come here only if we really need something that we can not find in another grocery in town . there prices are more expensive than there branches in california .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really expensive . i have no choice but to buy here . have no transpo . but hey i can find all the things i need for my cooking thou .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "return policy is bad . if you have to go get few things in here cause it 's chinese stuff they do n't sell elsewhere do it . but do n't do return or exchange . not good at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small market . not like the one in cali . i was hoping to find some hot foods in there and baked goods , but nada . it just smelled like the fish and seafood they had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my reason for visiting this store on my drive home from cali was to get the sweet taro bread from their bakery . i was surprised to find out , there is no bakery ! they have a section with some baked goods but not the wide selection i was looking for . we opted to purchase some lychee yogurt drink to mix with the soju we purchased and make flavored soju . they also had great deal on the lychee grass jelly drink 4 for $ 2 . if i lived in vegas , this would probably be my go-to asian store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only reason i liked coming here as a kid was to go to the seafood section and mess with the live crabs . i get them tongs and just mess with them . cruel , yes . fun ? what else was there for a kid to do in a store", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time i step into this place , it smells like a used `` street walkers '' pun\u00faani ! it 's cramped , can never walk through the isles with a shopping cart . not a wide range of vegetables and fruits to choose from . their sea food looks like it 's been covered with ice one too many times or thawed frozen and rethawed ! half their live sea food is swimming upside down dead . it 's just a mess !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a good choice of fish . there is live lobsters . it is n't that big so you might not find what you are looking for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lady didnt add the sale price for my item which is supposed to be on sale : ( just noticed when i got to the car . but oh well . 2nd time this has happened to me . first at seafood city and now this place . service here was mediocre.. felt uncomfortable as i was at the cashier cause the lady seemed annoyed . also went here on a different day and these cashiers were mingling with eachother and she just scanned my items ignoring my prescence and continued chit chatting without even bothering to tell me the total amount my items were worth . i said thank you as i was done paying and been handed the receipt and was still flat out ignored .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this ranch 99 is a little creepy . somewhat dirty with a distinct odor . the prices are better than other locations i 've been to but i 'd rather fork out a few more bucks a trip for a better shopping experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so small ! ! ! in the bay area i was used to nice ranch 99 's that carried shieseido and had banking . they were nice , lit well , big and clean and carried a large selection of products . i literally could not find half of what i 'm used to purchasing and having my home stocked with . it 's depressing when i have to take a trip there because they have so few things with a higher markup which is strange since it was more expensive to live in the bay area , yet it 's cheaper out in vegas and the prices are almost double . go figure . i went there yesterday and i was literally frozen walking down the aisles . if you ever want to know what shopping inside a freezer feels like , take a trip and see . the store was small , crowded and dirty . : they need to burn down this location and start from scratch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this supermarket is located in chinatown , quite close to some chinese restaurants , which is very conviennient . you can asian foods and grocery here . unlike other chinese markets , this shop has some non-chinese cashier , and that helps to explain the diversity of its customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great fresh seafood market inside ! ! ! offers free steam and fry service which is so convenient . i ordered a dungeness crab and got it steamed . i am so excited i found this place ! service takes a long time since it is so popular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store is packed full of items and well organized . prices are reasonable wether you want to buy prepackaged items or fresh items . the variety of items in the produce , butcher , and frozen sections is what i really appreciate about this store . note : i did not include the seafood section because i do n't eat seafood . i also saw an electric griddle for sale by the register that i am going to have to go back for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place can be insane on a weekend but that 's half the fun . get the pork tocino ( delicious sweet sausages ) . the produce and proteins are as fresh as you can possibly get in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many ethnic foods you 're looking for ... .decent prices . not the international marketplace for sure , but it does the job . i like going here to buy the ginger tea ... .so good when you have a sore throat . stop by and check it out when you have a chance . also , many good restaurants in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the fish seafood service area is really slow . whoever is managing and training the workers here should be fired . they do n't know how to use their own number queuing system , just helping random people . also when they fry fish they stand there for 10 minutes doing nothing when they can be helping somebody else . there are 4 workers and they take 30 minutes to help 3 people . again , whoever that 's managing this place needs to get fired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "99 ranch is a pretty good supermarket for asian products especially chinese and vietnamese products . i 'm from nyc and product inventory here is on par or greater than asian markets in flushing , manhattan chinatown and sunset park . pricing looks fair and store layout is good . note , i 'm more at 3.5 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place to stop by for some chinese produce ( or ethnic food in general or just general produce ) if you 're in the vegas area . just a couple of blocks away from the strip and shares a parking lot with many delicious restaurants in chinatown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are looking for an asian grocery store , then there you go . this place is as asian as it can get . from the fresh produce to the meats and seafood , this place just oozes asian cuisine . i also like that they carry specialties from the philippines like lumpia , magnolia ice cream , and other filipino staples . their prices are very reasonable too . with the produce i bought there , other places would have cost me twice the amount . i have to say , this is a nice place to shop when you are in the mood for asian cuisine at home . the only gripe i have it 's a bit dirty and somewhat smells . but if you have been to other asian grocery stores , you should be used to it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all your asian food needs in vegas . in chinatown 1 mile from the strip off spring mountain , you can find every asian seafood , cookie , veggie , and delicacy here . we were lucky to come on a day where they had ice cream samples too . check out the specials for great discounts . just do n't get the american goods as they are marked up for import .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to go here a lot but now there are more options all over the city . the filled parking lot is still evidence that this store is still going strong though . i used to get this canned thai tea ( was hard to find at the time ) , coconut juice ( buko ) , baked goods ( filipino & chinese ) , ice cream ( filipino ice cream like makapuno and mango ) and green tea ( good quality but inexpensive ) . the prices were pretty good . it was always so busy whenever i went there . i find myself wanting to make a trip over there since i need a box of green tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live behind it . lol just love being around everything lol they do need to have a bakery inside like 168 market . it would be nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this 99 ranch is so tiny , dirty and stinky . there were boxes around the aisles , which made it hard to walk around . i could careless about the customer service , since that in asian stores pretty much does n't exist . however , i need to have one or the other . you either offer great selections and great shopping environment , or offer great customer service . this place failed at both .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great asian supermarket , you can find all your condiments and ingredients for sushi , korean bbq , curries , etc all under one roof . however , this place is worth the drive ( i live in the southwest part of town ) just to get some fresh fish and seafood . the first thing you notice when you reach the fish section is how crowded it is , which tells you the high quality of their product . they have quite a large selection of fish on display and once you select it , they can clean it , cut it in steaks and fry it for free ! also , if you are looking for fresh live clams and lobster , they have these items at a great price . i am never going back to buying fish to a regular supermarket . the quality of the seafood at this place is amazing , so go try it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this store ... . can find all of my asian foods here and prices are unbelievably low . here weekly : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best asian grocery store amongst all the asian grocery stores . they have a great selection of fruits , vegetables , sauces , rice , fish , duck , rabbit , snacks , etc . i wish there 's a store like 99 ranch everywhere !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there for the first time today . i will admit the prices for some items were over priced , but i came away with everything to make california roll sushi for under $ 15 . loved the fresh fish selection !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the smallest 99 ranch market i 've ever been to . this location was probably 1 4 of the size of what i 'm used to and their inventory is very limited . at most 99 ranch markets , it 's freezing when you get close to the fresh seafood area , but since this place is so small , it feels like a freezer the moment you walk in . the prices of their items are also steeper than what you can find in the ca- los angeles & san diego locations . we just got a case of water and bounced . ++ for being in a plaza , so you could grab some boba or asian foods .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ended up in chinatown in vegas and i saw 99 ranch market . to me 99 ranch market is like an asian grocery store . walked inside and picked out a few things . i was lucky my black bean drink mix powder was on sale so picked that up . in the morning its super quiet here . the place is quite clean . another thing to note not all their staff speak cantonese . compared to the ones in la , i actually like the la 99 ranch market more . it just seems a lot newer or brighter . isle is a bit narrower in this market . the good thing is that there are lots of parking available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to piggyback judd 's review and add my piece . i 'll give it 2-stars because they filled the missing gap when we moved here in '94 . agreed that this store is nothing like what we are used to in la . perhaps they need to modernize and move to a new location to include a bakery and take-out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not prices are more expensive and the shopping carts are dirty !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great place for asian food . we always come here for freah lobster and crab . pro- friendly and clean . the butcher is great and gets you what you want . con- the food is not all healthy as most of the food is processed and unhealthy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the first asian supermarket in las vegas , and it seemed great when i first saw it in those days . now it just seems small and on the expensive side compared to the other places hereabouts . we spent today checking out the ethnic supers in this part of town , and while i 'd love to have `` 99 '' up where i live in southern oregon , down here i found other places i 'd be more likely to shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "smaller selection than other 99 ranch markets . its bread section is pretty limited .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good store , has a good selection of different asian foods . cleaner than many other asian markets . prices are very good and they offer a fish fry service free of charge of you need your fresh fish cooked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very short review . when i go to the frozen seafood and find most of the items are not fully frozen i have to wonder about freshness and food handling . saw a lot of what looked like older `` fresh '' fish too . cloudy eyes and dark brown gills . gon na take a hard pass on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great place to get international foods and the prices are exceptional . i like to make asian inspired food a lot so i love to try different kinds of noodles and vegetables .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like shopping at this store . anytime i have friends from china or international guests this is my `` go to . '' i love the selection and assortments of teas , unique produce , snacks , noodles and frozen foods . my only regret is that i wish i was more comfortable cooking asian foods - chinese soups , pad thai , pancit , lumpia , etc ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is not in touch with reality . i recall going here as a child for hot roast beef sandwiches so when i came home recently my mom wanted to go to maple . this very old and disgustingly nasty woman was our waitress . my mother ordered a hot roast beef and asked for gravy on her french fries . the waitress stood there and said noting so my mom , thinking the woman did not hear her she repeated herself . the waitress looked directly at my mother and said `` what makes you think we have to make a special menu for you '' . i thought she was kidding but she was serious ! maybe she had dementia , maybe she was a nasty old woman i do n't know . but what i can tell you is this actually occurs just as i stated . its sad and abusive treatment . shame on you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm going 5 since i found no fault with our lunch here today . boy is this place old school ! on the back wall above the doors are numbers from 1-9 that light up and make a `` ding '' sound when a server 's order is ready . most of the servers are older and act like loving grandmothers . speaking of luv , my hot roast beef sandwich , one of my favorite comfort foods , was awesome . it was served up fast , with rich gravy , great fries , soft white bread , and a smile . yummay ! i had chocolate cream pie for dessert and it was the best ever . darren would n't let me try his sundae . he said he would but `` forgot . '' : ( meanie . i 'm kidding sexyman . everyone was so , so friendly here . the dark-haired young girl who rang us out was adorable and complimented me on my purse . i would definitely come back and am glad i bookmarked it . the neighborhood 's just fine too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "any time i am visiting family , i always stop at maple . while the location is a little sketchy , inside you will find friendly staff , and amazing , hearty food . while they are known for their hot roast beef , my dish of choice is the fried haddock with home fries . the haddock is some of the best fish i have ever had , fresh and flaky , and perfectly moist . the home fries taste fresh cut , and are large circular cuts of fried potato . i have had some other menu items , like the chicken parm sandwich and mac and cheese , which were both great , but since i only make it to maple two or three times a year at most , i 've got ta get the haddock when i am there . if you go on friday though , you 've got ta try the jumbo fried shrimp ! an unlikely location for amazing seafood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple , unassuming , and affordable , but ultimately delicious . people come here for their famous hot roast beef sandwich . the dish is incredibly simple . roast beef placed between to places of plain white bread , fries on the side , and gravy all over , in the traditional local style . does n't get more basic than good old meat and potatoes . everything was very tasty , especially the gravy and the fries . for less than $ 10 , it is very good values . service was very friendly . i 'm definitely open to coming back . some of their other dishes looked good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends and i were in the area and read the yelp reviews for this restaurant . we all ordered their specialty roast beef and it was very good -- not great but good . the problem with this diner is the service . our first server threw down our silver ware and completely ignored us when we said hello . luckily she was replaced by another server who was much nicer . while the food stood up to the test , doubtful i 'd come back for the experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mmmmm ... . the hot roast beef with fries and lots of gravy is wonderful . i always try this dish at other restaurants around the country and none compare to the maple restaurant . they have adequate parking just across the street and servers are nice with a diner type feel . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a quick update . maple is still great but i have noticed this past year each time i order the amount of roast beef seems to decrease ever so slightly . food is still great but i removed one star since prices stayed the same but the portion size seemed to decrease slightly . still stop by if you get the chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this place five stars because it 's about as good as hometown goodness can get - a true 60 's diner experience . a maples roast beef sandwich is something that you have to experience if you live in pittsburgh - that hot beef with crispy fries and gravy all over is a 'burgh must - so traditional and so damn good . the servers move fast and get you your meal ( and if you 're smart a slice of delicious homemade pie and some good 'ol diner coffee ) as quickly as possible - so if you want to stop in for a quick bite and some pittsburgh history - visit maples - and get a hot beef sandwich : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the maple is not what it used to be . i know one thing : they never met a piece of meat that they did n't want to overcook . i can not get a good hamburger there . it is always hard as a rock . i had chicken recently . it was so dry it was practically inedible . no one is teaching the staff how to cook meat . its too bad really . the maple was once an incredible place that did everything they did well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today was the first time i 've been to the maple restaurant and i 've lived in ambridge for about a year and a half now and i regret not coming here earlier , lol . i ordered the tuesday special , the baked meatloaf dinner and it was amazing and the mashed potatoes where on point ! it also had a side of coleslaw that was also amazing and i 'm picky about my slaw , lol . the sweet tea was on point as well . staff was kind and refills where always there when needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a regular place for us to eat . they have one of the best ruben sandwiches we 've ever eaten ! it 's the best i 've had in years . you should always get gravy with your fries ! they breakfast menu is great too . they do get busy but you should n't have to wait long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this local family run business is a step back in time . friendly service staff and a funky decor make it worth the visit . they specialize in hot beef sandwiches piled high with thinly sliced beef which are then smothered with homemade gravy . all are served with honest to goodness mashed potatoes . a real treat if you love beef ! otherwise there are other options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the gravy is amazing . combined with the fries also amazing . it is an old style diner , they do what they do really well . should be more places like it . reuben is excellent too . if you want homestyle cooking it 's a lot more satisfying than most places in pittsburgh in spite of what pat g. suggests .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been eating here since my wife introduced me to it in 1999 . i keep wanting to eat something other than the hot roast beef with fries but i ca n't . it is just too good . ask if they have rice pudding if you want a special treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is the same tried & true recipes they 've been using since they opened in the 60s but its good . they do not deviate from what has worked for decades . yes the place is very very outdated . there 's a few waitresses that make you feel like its an inconvenience to attend to your requests , but most of them are very experienced and knowledgeable and have been working there for many many years . if you want a good meal at a decent price in the ambridge area , than this is the place to go . note , if you come on a friday around 5ish , plan on waiting because the place gets really busy people coming for their fish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charming ambiance . hearty food at reasonable prices . get the hot beef sandwich , obviously .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the 8.99 roast beef with mash potatoe was good , gravy on the side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had high hopes for this place and their famous roast beast sandwich , but was sadly disappointed . have you ever really hoped that you came on the wrong day ? that is how i felt ... the first time . the maple has such a strong reputation that i thought i must have had really bad timing . tried twice since , once to get the real deal , and today because i was in the area . each time i tried their signature hot beef , each time disappointed . it 's not awful , but pedestrian , and about equal to any run of the mill hot beef , though way more expensive . if you want a hot beef that blows them away , go to the south side , to a little dump of a place a couple of blocks south of carson st . sorry , but the name escapes me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time at maple restaurant . i got the hot beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy all over ... wow . i had heard how great this place was but after trying it for myself , i completely understand all of the rave reviews . the service was quick and my waitress was very pleasant . i look forward to eating here again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like others have mentioned it 's like going into a time warp , but in a nice way . yes it 's very dated but neat and tidy . i barely even looked at the menu because i knew i was getting that hot roast beef sandwich that i had heard so much about . it was everything that i dreamed it would be ! a really good amount thin sliced beef on white bread with fries covered in tons of gravy ... it was awesome . others at our table had an alpine burger with swiss and mushrooms , a reuben burger with coleslaw , swiss a and 1000 island dressing , and a ham sandwich with big thick sliced ham . one of the desserts on special was a baklava sundae . omg are you kidding ? i 'll try to leave room for it next time . great diner food and nice friendly waitresses . we ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the history here . i love the fact that the ambridge community celebrates this place . and i love how it 's been family-owned for decades . i just wish i liked the food more than i do . many of the dishes are legitimately tasty ( for sandwiches , i always go for the rachel or reuben , which are usually really good ) . but so many dishes are humongous servings of so-so food : giant blobs of overcooked meat , buckets of salt ( er , i mean gravy ) , towers of mushy french fries . i stopped getting their salads when i realized they were an iceberg lettuce delivery system for 15 pounds of french fries and an ocean of dressing . if you like this kind of thing , great ! you will love this restaurant . if you do n't love this kind of thing ( like me ) , there are plenty of other places nearby that you 'll probably like better . ( and yes , i am a local , and yes , i 've eaten here much , much more than once . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great family restaurant ! had the fish sandwhich , and it was huge ! ! very tasty . husband had a burger , and said it was also very good . very accommodating to families with small children . a little pricy , but a nice place to go if you want to stay local .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you walk in and its like you are transported back to 1956 ! its exactly what you would expect- you will not get farm to table , ingredients i can not pronounce or spell or flashy service . what you will get is old school cafertia food , served by mostly older grandma type waitresses who will chat you up , make sure your drinks are refiilled and you leave with a box . i would not eat here all the time but its a great place for ( of course ) roast beef with ( gasp ) white bread . the interior is all decked out with black and white photos and awards they won . try it . ; you wo n't regret it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we both got the signature hot roast beef sandwich . very good ! rice pudding for dessert . truthfully we only needed one to share but the server said they were small . yes , they 're served in a tiny glass bowl but it is stacked very high . one order would have been enough . need to update the interior .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out of the way ... not the swankiest area or joint ... but the roast beef is super legit . highly recommend monthly ... and it will be hard for me to try other items on the menu the roast beef is so damn good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel compelled to write this review for all of the simpletons who do n't realize they are visiting a diner and who believe that they should be offered mescaline greens and free range chicken here . spoiler alert - they are not on the menu . what is on the menu is great diner food . hot roast beef , homemade pies , fresh cole slaw . outstanding rice pudding . not for folks with special diets or who have medical restrictions . as an added bonus , a friend , who has been in the restaurant business for many years , worked there a few years back . she said it is the cleanest kitchen she has ever seen in a restaurant ! . for the folks who are driven to critique ever aspect of every business that they visit - you should really temper your comments to the type of establishment you are visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fish is great . roast beef sandwich with fries and gravy is excellent . a classic diner when you are near ambridge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate here for the first time ever a few days ago and what great food for a fair price ! the service was great , staff was friendly and service was good too ! the food came out quick and hot . i had the hit roast beef , and all i can say about it is yum ! ! ! definitely would recommend this restaurant to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the hot roast beef sandwich with home made fries . love going there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little family restaurant . the menu contains standard diner fare and the prices are great and the food is delicious . our server was wonderful and incredibly accommodating to my 2 year old . the decor is straight from the 70 's and i loved it . i would 've given 5 stars except there really are n't any healthy options on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great stuffed pork chops thursday special , i always try but i 'm usually too late for 'em . i made it this time . my great grandkids usually go for the spaghetti which i 'm not big on but i love the meatballs so i often swipe them to take home makes a great lunch for next day . this place is lost in time , nothing changes except for some modernization in the kitchen every so often . the nostalgic pictures around the cash register area are great , i always seem to find something or someone i have n't noticed before .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bartender very nice . dead on tues @ 6pm . better for me i guess . food is simple and delicious . good happy hour specials . $ 5 appetizers . even cider beer on tap . televisions are everywhere . good music in jukebox . better than a dive bar but not fancy . sweats or jeans are more than acceptable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chasers , ah where do i begin ? schnorkrls ? highly recommend then , 10 10 . do n't know what a snorkel ? come to chasers . once you purchase you 'll have a great night . attractive bartenders that will pour booze in your drink until your heart is content . what more can i ask for , amiright ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far my favorite cheap college bar along state st . i like that it 's small , but not too small . and the outdoor patio is perfect for the warmer months . drink specials are good , bartenders are great . i tried the food for the first time last night , with a heaping plate of nachos to share between 6 girls . they were pretty good . the chips were crispy and not too drenched in that luscious cheese sauce we all secretly love . toppings were also fresh . i 'd order them again . i 've also heard good things about the other food they offer too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's like being back in college in a good and bad way . the good - it 's a solid place to start your evening and just engage in a bunch of shenanigans or chill with your friends . the enclosed outdoor space is refreshing on warm nights . the bad - the place gets so packed on weekend nights that it takes awhile to get a drink . it 's also not too fun shuffling through crowds at bar just to get from point a to b. i feel old saying that . also $ 0.50 tacos , while cheap , are n't worth it because they taste very bland . all in all , i ca n't say i 've had a terrible night here or a great night . just average nights .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , let 's start off with the good : service was excellent . all pitchers ( last thursday ) were $ 6 . that 's a great bargain for some of the beers you can get -- we were super happy . we ordered two food items -- the smokehouse burger , with bacon , jalapeno , and bbq sauce , and the spinach and artichoke dip . the artichoke dip was disgusting . like ... seriously gross . kind of slimy , weird , massive chunks of artichoke . no consistency . chips were decent and are made in-house . now , the smokehouse burger ... just plain bad . it was cooked quite badly ( burned to a crisp ) , the bun and burger were overly greasy ... just plain bad . chaser 's seems to be under the impression that putting something on a rectangular plate makes it fancy . hint : it does n't . i 'd go back for drink specials , which were enjoyable on the outdoor patio . i wo n't be eating the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the cheese curds were great and affordable and the beer was served in nice giant glasses . not much for veggie options though and the service was not very attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great college bar with awesome specials ! my favorite special is wednesday 50 cent taco night , $ 4 margs , and $ 3 corona and patron shots ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a uw student , this is my favorite university bar . it is a fun crowd , great music and plenty of room to create your own dance party . my most memorable summer nights were spent on that patio and i am often found near their fantastic juke box . the food is delish . their sandwiches are anything but subpar and perfect hangover food . the spuds are enormous and sooo good -you got ta get one with queso , their queso is orgasmic . and the drink specials are awesome , i mean 50 cent beers ? 1 dollar rails ? yes please . not to mention they are the home of the a lil something called the shnorkel ... which you need to try if you have not . chasers is good people . as a regular , i have gotten to know the staff quite well and really appreciate how friendly , fun and attentive they are . i always have a good time here and i think the reason for that is the awesome crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily my most favorite bar in madison . hands down . because where else can you go and order a somewhat obscure drink of blueberry stoli and club soda ? i also like that they have a fooseball table and it attracts a nice graduate school crowd . their tall pint glasses make you feel like you are getting your money 's worth when you get a new glarus spotted cow beer , for instance . it attracts a good sized crowd on a saturday night , yet not crowded . let me tell you another story . my friends and i are sitting at a round table when a free appetizer of artichoke dip in a bread bowl accompanied by pita chips arrives . yes , the bar was providing it to get us customers entranced . clearly , my guardian angel , buddy ol pal quinton apparently was looking out for me . it was yummy and i look forward to sampling their other fare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having just moved from boston to madison , i was extremely excited to see pitchers of beer at chaser 's that cost as much as one bottle of beer in boston . their hourly drink specials are insanely cheap , and their staff are very friendly and nice . the crowd is pretty bro , which can either be a good or bad thing , i guess . not a place to end the night with , due to the lack of a dance floor , but definitely a great way to start the night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to chasers numerous times over my time in madison . got ta say it 's one of the best pure bar experiences in the area . you can pretty much feel safe that any night you head out on the town there will be a decent crowd there . on top of that they have a great selection of bar food . my favorite night to go there food-wise would have to be wednesdays . ca n't really beat their taco deal ; $ .75 hard shell tacos , $ 1.25 soft shell , and they 're better than taco bell , so there 's that . all in all , it 's tough to say anything bad about this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so first of all , i would like to say that i will not be speaking on the food . now ... as far as the bar and drinks go ? unfortunately i have to say its pretty mediocre ... a standard college bar with standard college people with standard college crowding . not very original , but great drinks prices . now ... what it does have going for it ? great drink prices ... and a great patio . not a lot of downtown bars have private patio seating . it is fantastic ! now it still gets pretty crowded even on the patio but it is still great fun . still a great place for a bit of fun , cheap drinks , and some fun with the local college people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visit this place often and have yet to have a bad experience . they have good drinks , food , prices and service . servers are on top of things !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of college students ( center of uw go figure : ) ) but very nice people working there . $ 6 dollar pitchers of bells two hearted ale the night i was there . that is unheard of . good outside area to sit and chill as well . would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always have a great time here , night and recently day . good drink specials and friendly bartenders . as far as madison state st bars go , i thought the service was above average and attentive . the shots could be filled to the brim more , but all in all a solid place for an adult beverage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very rude service . spent 3 hours here with friends watching nfl games . ordered both drinks and food , but for some reason the waitress took offense to the fact that i ate a jimmy johns sandwich at my table and gave me several rude comments . the manager then said i was `` insulting '' him by having a sandwich from another place at his bar . seriously ? we spent $ 50+ dollars but they were all worked up over a $ 6 jimmy johns ? then we got sarcastic comments from the waitress when leaving . grow up ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thursday night drink specials were great . i split a drink that my bartender promptly replaced for free . the staff also put on the hockey game that i requested that was very kind . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta love the drink and food specials on wednesdays but the staff does n't pay attention or check on u . maybe if the waitstaff did their job i 'd come more often and the door man is very rude", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chasers has a great outside patio which is a nice alternative to the stuffy indoor venues of other state street bars . they offer quite a few drink specials almost every day of the week . this is a great place to go if you are looking for a versatile bar that offers loud indoor music and chill outdoor seating !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here quite a few times after i wrote my first review , as it is my friends ' go-to bar every thursday night . i was weary of the college-esque scene that i have been trying very , very hard to avoid , but chaser 's has definitely grown on me . ( : the servers bartenders are sweet , and the establishment attracts a pretty decent crowd . the $ 6 pitchers and the $ 5 you-name-its ( or gayblets ... as my friends call it ) are a great way to start a thursday night about town , but the deals do change every night , so keep an eye out ! with uw out for the summer , chaser 's is much less crowded , and if you come before 11pm , you are basically gauranteed a table - or at least a 2 ft radius of personal standing space . the music is n't bad , and that is also a huge plus ! now if they had a dance floor ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bar was amazing ! too bad it does n't exist anymore ! oh wait ... . chaser 's bar and grill , which took its place , is exactly the same . same staff , same decor , and so far the same food . the new drink specials are nice , however , calling the pints freshmen and the big girls graduates is silly ... the staff is friendly and welcoming , for the most part . if you enjoy cheap drinks , juke box music and bar games ( darts , cards , dice , foosball ) this is the bar for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far my favorite bar in madison . tuesday 's for trivia , wednesday 's for .50 cent tacos and $ 5 margaritas , thursday 's for .50 cent spotted cow , and friday and saturday 's for so many good times ! the line can be long on the weekends , but do n't loose faith . buy a shnorkel ( if you do n't know what they are , go there and find out if you dare ) and have a great time at chazzers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chasers is your typical college bar and grill , but it 's random things you discover when drunkenly talking to the bartender that makes it better than most of its counterparts . that drunken discovery was the schnorkel ( spelling may need to be verified ) . this magical drink is basically shotgunning a red bull vodka , which is exactly what i need when i 'm trying to get my 2nd wind on a night out . it 's also now the only reason i go to chasers . the staff is incredibly attentive and nice as well : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here in march with my brother , a couple of friends and the hubby . the hubby is in a band and playing a show nearby . so we all booked a room at the best western and needed a place for lunch when we got there . anyway , we were there amid all the protests and arrived the same day that the runaway senators returned from il . the whole town was a crowded mess and it was quite cold so every bar and restaurant was packed . after walking forever we finally found chasers and it was like heaven . i ca n't remember what we all ate but we had a variety and everyone liked it . i do remember that me and the hubby got bloody marys and they were giant and delicious ! next time we 're back in madison we 're going back to chasers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i lived on w. gorham street a couple years ago , my husband and i loved frequenting chasers . the nachos were to die for ! sadly , the place has gone downhilll since then . we visited recently for the first time in at least a few months . not only was my burger not restaurant-sized by any stretch of the imagination , it was soaked , literally soaked in cayenne pepper . i took a bite of it and had a reaction so bad that i was gagging and crying . the waittress was nice enough to bring something else out and also give us a discount on the bill . but i hesistate to even call what was served to me food - it was an absolute nightmare . the food here used to be good enough that we would put up with the college students . we wo n't be coming back here again . sorry , chasers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually decent service ... .came here today to get some drinks food and watch the brewer game . got my pitcher , but had nobody come back to me at all so i could order my food . my taste buds are going elsewhere for food , sorry ! you 've got ta check on me for my order , i should n't have to hunt you down ! its 2pm on a sunday and theres like 10 people here ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chasers is definitely the go to place for all the college kids in madison . on a friday night it was packed , and when i say packed , i mean you could n't move without bumping into someone . clearly people there have never heard of the tits or ass rule , but they seemed to be having fun . once ids have been checked , you are on your own to fight your way through the crowds to the bar . the sheer volume from people talking is so loud that it is nearly impossible to hold a conversation without some sort of signing . the rear of the bar hosts four or five dart boards , the bathrooms , and a giant wheel containing 30 minute specials ranging from two dollar shots of fireball to six dollar pitchers . overall , it 's claustrophobic , and not the place to go if you are looking for a relaxing atmosphere . you definitely have to specify if you like your mixed drink with certain juices , otherwise , you might get something you are n't expecting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff is rude and does n't care about your business . we tried to send back a burger due to a weird flavor it had and the bar back got mad at us and acted like we were messing with him . avoid the burgers and the restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here on a thursday night to watch a game . they have $ 5 burger specials on thursdays , which is a pretty good price . they are n't amazing , but hey they are $ 5 and surprisingly filling . a couple of us had california licenses though , and the guy who checked our id 's gave them a lot of trouble . he claimed there were multiple `` suspicious '' things on them even though they are completely legit . we 're not sure if it was just a way to try to get us out of there because it was busy and we were staying a while , or if their policy really is if you have a fake id , you have an hour to get wasted before getting kicked out . it was eventually cleared up , but you 'd think a bar would know how to check licenses . my rating is really because of the whole id fiasco . the food and drinks are pretty well-priced if you 're getting the specials , and i think they have one pretty much every day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rachel is the best waitress ! this establishment has the all time greatest staff ! we have never been disappointed and our visit today is no exception . memo to management . ..she is outstanding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my review is very specific to tuesday night trivia . i 've gone to trivia a couple times since i 've moved to madison , and chasers is definitely a great place for large groups and trivia . first off , it 's 100 % a college young adult bar . i would say the average age of people here is definitely young 20 's . some great pros for cheap , young twenty-somethings : the beer is cheap ( like 7-10 dollars a pitcher ) , on tuesday there 's 10 cent wings ... .yes 10 cent wings and there are tons of indoor and outdoor tables . for the wings , you can order either 6 wings or 12 wings . another thing on the wings , they come in a variety of flavors and the thermo nuke wings are actually spicy . like burn your mouth , mind-blowingly delicious spicy . the trivia is alright- the questions are definitely a little nuanced and it 's a long trivia game ( like a 2+ hour game ) . would come back for the cheap wings , beer and chill vibes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ? it 's mcdonald . you 'll either get a good meal on a good day , or a bad meal on a good day ... it 's up in the air and coin tossing does n't help the chances . i try to go when their fresh batches of fries come out . it 's been 15 years now ... i still do n't know when they make new batches .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's mcdonald 's so you know what to expect from the food . the restaurant has little seating and is usually busy so you 're better-off getting your meal to go . the staff does n't really seem to like their jobs and are rarely really friendly , though this could be from the types of customers they have to put up with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't say much about this place other than the fact it looks a million times better after the renovation and although not very roomy compared to other mcdonald 's , there always seems to be empty seats . the staff and service at this mcdonald 's are slightly better than most . a lot of the times the cashier will take your name when you order drinks from the cafe , which is nice . i know the late night staff are also fairly friendly considering the amount of sketchy people they must deal with each evening . my favourite picks are the basic coffee and muffin combo , apple pies and extra value pick double cheese burgers . you got to love that cheap extra value menu , with the prices of meals hitting almost $ 10 ! hard to decide if i should get a mcdonald 's coffee or a tim hortons coffee sometimes , but mcdonald 's seems to be the better value !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a mcdonald 's . nothing special . however , they take your name , which i appreciate . nice . also , the supervisor on duty gave balloons to some cute little kids , which shows kindness . that 's what the extra star is for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "restaurant reopened on tuesday , november 13th . as predicted , the restaurant has now more setting , a cafe section , and a more modern stylish look . the grand reopening ceremony is scheduled for november 23rd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gross . food is always cold . u pay $ 9 for a meal and they ca n't even serve it hot . even if u tell them u want it freshly made it will still be cold . lazy staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's mcdonald 's you get what you expect . delicious greasy breakfast and a day long feeling of guilt and regret . do yourself a favour just have an affair and save on the calories but get the same end result .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mccafe has a cool loyalty card , fill it out , it is n't really that hard , buy seven coffees , and your next one is free , throw the cup in the trash to discard .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i dont know what to really say about this mcdonalds , its right by sherbourne station thou tim horton is closer . as far line up , it 's somewhat disorganized , people who have ordered just stand around in middle and you think they are in line but they are n't this location is kind of small but it has it fair amount of seating . they have a time limit for seating which depending on if it busy or not they may or may not enforce . the manager is usually good at doing this , she is pretty firm with this rule . they take down your name instead of calling a number which kind of works . thou someone has tried to take my order because john is so common all in all its not great but its not bad", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this has got to be the worst scottish restaurant i 've ever been to . where 's the haggis ? where 's the scotch pudding ? where 's the clootie dumplings ? where 's the black pudding ? i just do n't get it . hamburgers are german , not scottish .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is very good , overall . even with the remodelling it 's too cramped , bad design . claustrophobic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow i love this mcdonald 's and love is in the air with 2 of the employees alex and everton ! i love a good romance and this is the place to find it . the burgers are always done the way i want them , and the nuggets are always warm ! they take your name and i like that , it 's very personal . this is my favourite location , check it out when you get the chance ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this cinema . i especially like the seats that have a ton of leg room , etc . it is great that they provide kiosks as an option to purchase tickets ... . speeds up your purchase and you do not have to stand in line . great snack bar with many options to purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a love hate relationship with jason 's . i love that : ~they have a huge menu of sandwiches , salads , soups , pasta etc . ~they have baked potatoes bigger than my head ~their simple but perfect salad bar ~the ginger bread muffins at the salad bar 1 reason alone to go ~the assortment of wrapped crackers at the salad bar ~everything looks so good and is so big ~they always have some new `` special '' when i go in ~if you have room after lunch you can help your self to a soft serve ice cream cone i hate that : ~they are always packed liked sardines ~they are n't very clean ~they serve a pile of greasy broken ruffles with the sandwiches ~the tuna is n't good ~there is barely room to walk between the tables ~the sandwiches are n't ever as good as i want them to be , but are ok nonetheless ( see pics ) 3.5 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first time in jason 's deli . it is very clean , organized and quick which is important for lunchtime . they have a variety of things to choose from on the menu from soup , salad , sandwiches , wraps and regular meals . the staff was friendly and helpful and the food was fresh . i would like to see the calories for all of the items on the menu , not just the wraps . otherwise i have no other suggestions for improvement ! another bonus : free frozen yogurt with a purchase of your meal ! and they have chocolate sauce with it ! definitely try it out for your sandwich option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here with coworkers and ex coworker during the work week . jason 's has huge sandwiches , and everything seems to be fresh . i had a cup of red beans and rice and salad bar . the salad bar has a large selection and was refilled when ever any items were empty . this is my new fave place for : sandwich 's , all you can eat salad bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food at reasonable prices . not the most comfortable seating and the tables are crammed together pretty tight , but again the food is worth the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sick , need the best chicken noodle soup that mom did n't make ? come to jason 's ! plentiful moist chicken , plump egg noodles and perfect broth are available everyday for $ 4 something a bowl . sick or not i 'll drive to pick up a bowl to-go ! my favorite sandwich is the pastrami & turkey on an onion roll , called `` bird to the wise '' . lots of pastrami and just a touch of turkey make you feel better about this indulgence . large fresh salad bar , frozen yogurt and bottomless soda machine are just the bonuses . happy eating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason 's deli is perfectly average for a quick lunch . they have a large menu with sandwiches , wraps , salads , and soups . the food is average quality , but the prices are reasonable . the service is friendly . i recently tried a southwest chick wrap and was underwhelmed . the chicken chunks were too large and dried out . the wrap was overpowered by jalapenos and the sauce was runny . but i 've had the reuben here and it was pretty good . i like to stop by jason 's for a quick lunch , but there are many , many better deli 's out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here for lunch a lot and it 's always been good . i always get the same thing , the club lite and it 's amazing . the fruit is always good and i 'm such a huge fan of the ginger bead mini muffins . if you take the time to do the survey on your receipt , you can get a free cookie on the next visit . the prices are ok , the service is great and the food is probably the healthiest i eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place and when they closed chandler i was frustrated . but they will cater so i ordered that for delivery this week . love the club , french onion soup and my son loves their turkey sandwich . always a win !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we come to jasons all the time , we love it ! my favorite is the club sandwich with the chicken pot pie soup , so so good ! i like that they put a lot of meat on their sandwiches so you do n't feel like you 're getting jipped ( like subway ) . everything always tastes fresh and your food gets done quick , which is surprising considering they are usually so busy . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , but took a really long time to make a child 's grilled cheese during a time when they were n't busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are frequent customers here at jason 's deli and every experience has been great . the staff is very friendly , awesome food and a positive atmosphere . we wanted to say that chad has done an exceptional job taking care of us the last two times we have been in . he even compensated for us when the deli was out of an item we wanted and we were very thankful . keep up the great work as we will be back later this week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food good . service mediocre at best ... 10 workers three customers and no greeting at all ... made me feel like i was bothering him ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this accessorize store is on princes street and is a larger store than the one next to the monsoon store . the shop is crammed with an amazing range of accessories and is a great place to wander round . i love their jewellry and its really quite reasonably priced . in winter they also have a lovely range of winter woolly hats in a wide range of styles you can be sure to find something you like . they also do matching gloves and scarves for those of you who like to be co-ordinated . in summer they have sunhats and flip-flops so no matter what the season accessorize has something for you", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i adore accessorize , and i ca n't browse without seeing something that i really want . i was in last week and got a gorgeous layered pearl bracelet with a fabric flower on it , it 's so cute and i 'd been looking for something like it for a while so i could n't believe my luck when i saw it and it was a snip at \u00a38 ! they always have a great range of bags , stationary , lingerie , sunglasses , jewellery and various other knick knacks and if you want something gift wrapped you can get it wrapped in pretty tissue paper at the till . i guess my favourite time at accessorize is sale time where they often have as much as 70 % off ! i especially like the winter sale where i can stock up on gloves and other winter woolies 'cos lets fact it - you really can never have too many woolies when you live in scotland !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being in accessorize is like being in a candy store ! there are loads of trinkets , necklaces , earrings and any accessory known to mankind . they have wonderful scarves as well as a good selection of sunglasses . i recently got the prettiest clutch . definitely worth the price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "accessorize - the name pretty much sums up the contents of this chain store . there are two on princes street , which is quite understandable ; they 're both quite small and in the busier months one would hardly do . i 've admired a lot of their bags , hair accessories and bikinis , but for the quality of some of their pieces i find them largely over-priced . for example , i bought a pair of plastic flip flops , out of necessity really , which came up to \u00a310 . if they were especially attractive , i would have understood , but they were simply pieces of glorified rubber ! if i were looking for something special i would try the many unique and independently owned shops first .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favourite sushi and omakase places to visit that 's outside of the downtown core , aoyama offers great sushi for a very reasonable price . that being said , what blew me away the first time i visited was the omakase . at $ 55 it was loaded with seafood goodness and home-cooking love , combing cooked dishes as well as sushi fare . the decor is pretty blah , and the service is really slow sometimes , since it 's a family-run business and the few times i dined there , it was the chef 's family who were waiting tables . but it was kindly and friendly service , so i will definitely be a return customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really recommend to make a reservation before you go to this restaurant . i attempted to go to this restaurant the first time with my friend without a reservation and the waitress would not even seat us even though there were empty tables . so the second time , we made a reservation and we were seated swiftly . ordered the omakase sushi set ( $ 85 ) , the day special toro sushi roll , and udon . the fish was really fresh and the sushi set had a great assortment . if you want to eat good quality sushi with fish flown from japan and do n't want to pay a hefty price , come here . you will not be disappointed ! and on a side note , the service here was mediocre because the waitresses kept forgetting our requests but the food was too good so i would come back regardless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the good : ugh their sashimi platter was so good . couples that with their special unagi don , it was amazing . spicy salmon and tuna hand rolls were good ! the spider roll was on point ! their japanese soup dish ( as seen in picture , forgive me i forgot the name ) was actually pretty refreshing ! never had something like that before . the bad : if i had to take one thing away is their dessert , it 's not good . they had a sake sorbet , it sounded better than it tasted . their matcha ice cream ( even though they say it 's made from rich matcha ) just did n't have enough matcha taste to it . so avoid dessert unless you really crave and have no where else to go . the ugly : place gets booked up fast and due to its small space , if you come during dinner time rush , you wo n't get a table . neutral : good service , special seems to be updated pretty often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their uni sashimis . makes me hungry just thinking about it . my favorite sushi place of all time . everyone i have taken to this place gets a `` wow '' reaction when they taste the sushi . this place gets pretty packed easily , so make sure if you are coming ub , leave room for waiting in line for a bit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sushi joint ! it 's a small joint so plan accordingly to avoid the long lineup . i 've been twice and found the food to be consistently good . so far , i 've had their sashimi platter , the chirashi , and various desserts . it 's definitely a step ( or two ! ) up from your typical sushi restaurant ( not ayce ) , so be prepared for fresher fish and longer wait times . definitely worth the wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a neat japanese restaurant tucked in a dim plaza strip next to a kfc . i went there on a monday night after 8 and it was all filled up . they invited me to dine at their expansion `` vip room '' next door and it was fantastic ! the interior is comfortable and the seating area is much larger . the food there is quite good for the price point they command . the cherry on top is their excellent service . the staff is patient and friendly , which really added to the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here twice : first time at their regular seating and second time in their vip section . it 's japanese owned and they have some cutesy decoration in their regular seating section . vip area is super quite , you kind of almost feel like you 're in ginza . take advantage of their daily specials , especially if you like the uni sushi wrap for $ 4 ( depending on seasonal price ) . although , i 've heard sometimes their uni is not fresh enough . i 'm not sure if their sashimi platter is worth the $ $ $ price . they only serve 5 sets of omakase daily and incl . tax it 's about $ 100 for two . they serve the same fish type every time , therefore i 'm not exactly sure if that 's the true definition of omakase . the best pieces were uni , toro , scallop and tomago . the appetizers tasted fine , which included edamame , glazed chicken skewers , fish , and seafood miso soup . i would come back again , but not for their omakase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so far i went miyabi , inakaya , makisushi , zen , fin izakaya . those are restaurant run by japanese or japanese chef . aoyama is the best . i talked with chef . he explained he goes to buy fish in whole seller in day time so he do not open lunch time . he said he spends a lot of money to fish . i agree . those fishes are fresh and selling price is also high . i think i ate first time hirame in canada in english , olive flounder or bastard halibut . if you go there , if you want to eat fresh variety of raw fish , this place is best choice . price is as expensive as other real japanese restaurant . we spent $ 100 for 2 including drinking . if i comment negative things , you might not like chef 's english level and tiny space and crowd . always many people , i recommend reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good , very traditional sushi for a reasonable price . all of the clientele in the 2 hours we were there were japanese , so that 's always a good sign . the house special sashimi for 2 was excellent and had a good variety for $ 53 . it included uni , tuna , salmon , king crab , amaebi , scallop , mackerel , and more . if you have a decent appetite , it 's not going to be filling enough for even 2 people , however . we also ordered raw squid in ink , some rolls , and a few other options . nothing was a miss , as everything ranged from good to excellent . the place is small , with maybe 10 tables , so reservations are recommended . the sushi bar is manned by one person so do n't expect speedy service , but that 's okay because it 's a bit of an art form . if sushi is n't your thing , they have a pretty large menu so you have other options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cozy little restaurant in a small plaza . the fish was very fresh but the portion was a bit small . we ordered the sushi omakase ( for 2 people ) and a sashimi omakase ( for 1 person ) to share among 3 people but it was n't quite enough . the uni was very very very delicious ! ! i wanted to add an order of uni handroll but it was sold out ( it was only 8pm ! ! ! ! ! ) make sure you make reservations . we came on a monday night and the restaurant was packed throughout our meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favourite sushi place north of the 401 . the sashimi is incredibly fresh and they take reservations !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and 1 friend spent about 70 dollars . we had the sashimi omakase , a spider roll ( soft shell crab ) , and another roll i forgot the name . the sashimi was what i expected ; very fresh and a wide variety of different types ( uni - sea urchin was amazing and not found everywhere ) . my favourite of the night had to be the soft shell crab roll spider roll . it was a generous amount and used large crab leg ( could have been king crab ) instead of baby crabs . great experience and worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've heard great things about aoyama so i was hyped to come try this little gem . another great hole in the wall japanese restaurant . although located in a tiny secluded plaza , this place serves very fresh sashimi . we had a great meal and will definitely be back to try more . food : words can not describe how fresh and delicious the sashimi was . the texture , temperature and taste was perfect . not to mention , the sashimi platter was presented beautifully . i also tried the seafood porridge which was also very flavorful and nice addition to the meal . the broth was very good . last but not least , i tried the black sesame mochi . it was good but in my opinion , the black sesame taste was n't strong enough . decor : a very small but cozy restaurant . you should definitely make a reservation . the path to the washroom downstairs is also nicely decorated . make sure err you check it out . great service too , they we 're attentive even when it got busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always wanted to go to this restaurant but they are only open after 5:30pm during the weekdays . customer service was okay . i do n't like the hours and the place is small which is why i am giving this place an a-ok rating . we came there exactly at 5:30pm and got a seat , it started getting crowded at around 6pm , made me a little claustrophobic there . the food was good . i did n't like the fact that they did not make bento boxes but i love the specials that they had . we tried the sushi platter , assortment of maki rolls , spicy hand rolls and other daily specials like the kaki fry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a small japanese restaurant and being mid town we do think its a good restaurant . the quality is not always the best or the same however are quite good in general . the price is also very reasonable however advance reservation is a must there since the restaurant is fairly small and always full booked . i personally recommend ordering separate sushi pieces from their menu and not the set omakase since the options from self combine can be better and even more premium .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not believe i had n't heard about this place until only a few weeks ago . located in an area you would n't think an authentic and delicious japanese restaurant would be , aoyama is my new favourite sushi place in the scarborough north york area . my girlfriend and i had the akasaka omakase menu and it was absolutely delicious . it is a bit pricy , but well worth it for a date special occasion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant has a good quality of sashimi that could n't find anywhere else in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't be put off by the suburban strip-mall locale . this is among the best sushi you 'll likely have in toronto . the omakase is just incredible , and the asahi dark beer ( which i 've only ever seen here ) is just right to accompany it . need more proof ? a relative who 's an executive at a japanese auto maker says when the higher-ups visit from japan , this is where they want to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't care how good your food is , what horrible service ! i made reservations at 8 , when i walked in , the waitresses totally ignored me for half an hour before giving me a table as if i was begging them ! ! ! it 'll be greatly appreciated if they can at least so hi to acknowledge my presence ! the three of us stood there like idiots before hearing my name as we got assigned to our spot ! ! thank you ! i will not come again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for dinner last night . it has been a few years since we last came here and it looks like they have updated the decor and i do n't remember the fancy hello kitty washrooms . i recalled that i was n't too crazy about their omakase ( a selection of dishes ) set course meal so we just ordered a la carte . we ordered some of daily specials , maguro no tataki , negi toro , and from the menu the deluxe sushi set , and spicy salmon hand roll . overall , the sushi was very fresh but the two best dishes were the negi toro and spicy salmon . on my next visit , i think i 'll just get a plateful of negi toro !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been this japanese many years ago . i love their food even the food is pretty pricy . a very small , authentic japanese restaurant . i ordered a sea bass and some sushi . $ 80 already . disappointed about the black cod as it is raw in the centre . the new piece of black cod is too salty", "score": "3"}
{"review": "aoyama is a small restaurant , but seemed quite busy when i visited . i noticed that this place is owned by japanese people . the service was great as they attended to our needs . i was a bit disappointed by their sushi rolls as they were pretty plain compared to other places i have been . however , i think the main focus of this place would be their sashimi , which was very fresh . i also tried sea urchin here for the first time and it just melted in my mouth ! i was excited to try their mochi ice cream for dessert , but they were out at the time : ( . instead , i just got the ice cream instead , which was flourished with a cute flower petal . their bathrooms are located in the basement . as you walk further towards the bathroom , it feels like you 're in an entirely different place . the decor is super cute and inviting ! ! i suggest making reservations ahead of time as this place seems to get quite packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is situated several stores down from a kfc but do n't let the locale fool you . the place is run by a true japanese family and the price is fair especially for an uptown meal . i 've had the omakase twice and both times it was a pleasant experience . the quality was above average and you could see the level of care that is placed on each dish . check it out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went a couple times quite some time ago so my review will not be detailed . overall everything we ordered was great . it 's such a quaint little restaurant . it 's a little expensive but you definitely get what you pay for in terms of quality and freshness . i 'd say it 's definitely worth the money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the omakase set for two people . the starter comes with chicken skewers , fish liver and edamame . along with a small teapot of soup . so good so far : ) the main has toro , alaskan king crab , uni , scallop , eel , salmon , egg , amaebi shrimp . mmm so delicious and filling for two people , we 've come here twice and both times we have ordered the omakase set because it 's just too good . every bite is so tasty , fresh and flavorful . will definitely come back for more : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most authentic and fresh sushi i 've had in toronto . they only have a limited amount of each fish as its flown in daily from japan . not cheap but worth the money for a wonderful experience hosted by a family along with sweet servers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a legit japanese sushi experience with an actual japanese chef . we started off with their sashimi platter which is to die for . it even had fresh sea urchin which makes my mouth water as i think about it . great cuts of sashimi , well presented . we also had shrimp and veg tempura , dragon rolls , california rolls , sake , bbq eel . everything was excellent . this is by far my favorite sushi joint in the gta . i would recommend anyone to go . be sure to make reservations , it 's not a big place , so if you have a big group , be sure to plan well in advance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service\uff0cfresh sashimi\uff0cthe noodle is ok\uff0cbut not many tables , better have a reservation before u come", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't even bother coming here without a reservation . this place is tiny . a handful of tables is all this place holds , but the fresh sushi and the great quality of the food means that it 's always packed . i have never , ever been disappointed with anything i 've ordered , whether it 's been raw or cooked . that being said , there is n't a vast selection of cooked items on the menu - some noodle soups , tempura and some desserts . but hands down my favourite place for uni hand rolls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best sushi offered in the north york scarborough area . considering how much they charge downtown i would say this place is rather reasonable . their sushi platter is good as a starter , the fish is fresh and artfully prepared . it 's melt in your mouth goodness . tempura needs some work as it was n't the fluffy crispy texture i was looking for . the food is so good i can seriously overlook their service - which was none . it took 20 minutes to get our order in , but the food did arrive rather quickly . our tea was never refilled and it took another 30 minutes to get our bill . make sure you have reservations or else you would be waiting for a very long time outside as the standing area in this restaurant is rather limited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is really good and fresh . my only criticism is that it 's a little too expensive . but good food overall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible ! sushi tastes bad . prices are crazy high for what you get ! may be the worst sushi i 've had ! now my husband and i are terrified we may get sick before the night is through !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best sashimi that i 've had in toronto thus far ! i would recommend making a reservation as the restaurant is small and only can accommodate approximately 50 people . also , when i went to have dinner there , they also did n't have their ac on which made the dining experience a bit uncomfortable but the food made up for it . we ordered their house sashimi plate and it was literally the ocean on a plate . they had shrimp , blue fin tuna ( that night 's special ) , salmon , uni , white tuna , red tuna and i 'm sure i am missing something . their sashimi was fresh and the shrimp was sweet . they also gave plenty of uni . yum ! their sushi was also delicious , the rolls were tight and had the perfect balance of fish to rice . they were also generous with their portions . their staff were attentive and checked in on us consistently to make sure we had everything we needed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is super good . no words can described it . fresh ingredients , tasty sashimi , traditional sushi . own by japanese , small hidden restaurant on victoria park south of finch . amazing . they have daily special on the tree they designed near the sushi bar . i had uni hand roll and i just want to keep reordering but i guess it 's first come first serve , they have taken off from the special menu . place is quite small , so reservations is recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic japanese ! small place , but here it 's all about the food . i 'm a sushi snob and trust me - it 's the real deal if you do n't like the fu-fu stuff . very friendly and attentive service . do n't hesitate - go for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here when you want fine japanese dining , but do n't want to pay a fortune . out of the competitors ( zen , jabistro , le cafe michi ) , aoyama is probably the one with a bit lower price point but manages to keep their food at the high quality point . i always get their sashimi plate and nigiri dx offerings . i was n't as impressed with any of their cooked kitchen offerings . they have daily specials , which are illustrated on cute , hand-made signs on the counter , hanging from branches . you can usually score spicy salmon tuna hand rolls for under $ 3 . sometimes , they even have uni on special ! it 's a tiny restaurant , so be sure to make reservations ! lots of free parking in the plaza . if you 're a broke student , eat the tuesday special at the kfc next door before going into aoyama and just feast on their specials ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best soft shell crab i 've had so far . a little bit on the pricier end , 3 person fam racked up a 144 bill . ordered sashimi platter , dragon roll , atc roll , and hamachi . great and friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after trying and enjoying gonoe sushi couple of weeks back we thought of giving this place a try since it 's even closer to us . guess this place is n't for us with all its nice reviews on yelp . we ordered grilled squids which were pretty lame . the dragon roll was ok and the tempura shrimp spicy salmon roll was nothing great . the black sesame mochi cake was decent . unagi sashimi was good though . service is great but food was a bit of disappointment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great & reasonable sushi . simple place . very popular among japanese community in gta . not the fanciest place , but we go there for good food . friendly service too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i were visiting friends and we went to this place by chance because it was very close to the friends we were visiting . to our delight this place has very authentic japanese style sushi . the food was very good and the service was very good too . the price was high but with the us to cad exchange rate we spent just under $ 100 for two people without any alcohol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great sashimi ! many special fish that you ca n't get at your ordinary japanese restaurant . i do n't like congee but this place is an exception ... great soup broth filled with generous sushi grade fish scallops crab legs and more . it 's a small place that is closed half the time but it is surely with a trip . i had their beef bento special is it was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sushi i 've ever had . no i know what they mean when they say amazing sushi `` melts '' in your mouth . and the seafood broth was delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok the deal with this place is the decor is n't anything special and the service can be really slow when busy . the sushi itself though is amazing . i love the kaiso salad which is seaweed with some sort of miso dressing . but real seaweed not the neon green stuff marinated in vinegar . their grilled mackerel and their uni hand rolls are thumbs up . this is also one of the few places i can get black bean ice cream . if you are headin for dinner try and make a reservation as they book up fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finde das konzept gut . zumindest besser als bei den gro\u00dfen , amerikanischen vorbildern . die burger sind geschmacklich in ordnung . gut finde ich , dass man ein glas als getr\u00e4nkebeh\u00e4ltnis bekommt und man so oft man m\u00f6chte nachschub holen kann . es gibt auch `` selbstgemachte '' limonaden . was auch noch gut ist : man kann sich die burger auch selbst zusammenstellen . ich komme definitiv wieder her .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zu weing personal : samstag , mittagszrit , wir standen erstmal 10 min in der schlange bis jemand an die kasse kam , der gerade bestellungen gerichtet hat . dann pappbecher bekommen , weil keine gl\u00e4ser mehr vorhanden waren w\u00e4hrend die tablettregale \u00fcberliefen . essensqualit\u00e4t ok , aber was bringt es wenn das sonstige erlebnis schlecht ist .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "um schnell den hunger zu stillen ganz ok. mehr aber auch nicht . mein burger kostete an die 8 eur . daf\u00fcr gab es ein tablett aus blech mit papier drauf und darauf den burger . und diesen pur - ohne beilage . kein geschirr . fand ich irgendwie schade . das auge ( meines zumindest ) isst gerne mit . gro\u00dfe auswahl von saucen steht auf dem tisch zur selbstbedienung . tische und boden waren leider schon etwas schmutzig . da sollten die mitarbeiter etwas mehr mit offenen augen dr\u00fcber schauen und falls n\u00f6tig eingreifen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beim ersten mal war ich \u00fcberhaupt nicht begeistert die tische waren schmutzig die so\u00dfen auf dem tisch ausgelaufen . trotzdem hat doch jeder eine zweite chance verdient . beim zweiten mal sah war es schon viel besser das personal sehr sehr lieb . der b\u00fcrger war nicht so toll aber das ist geschmackssache . ich hatte mich einfach f\u00fcr den falschen entschieden , der von meinem mann war lecker . es ist echt komisch dass es keine teller gibt aber das geh\u00f6rt wohl zum konzept also kann man schon mal machen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heute am sp\u00e4ten nachmittag war nicht viel los . so hatten wir genug zeit die karte zu studieren . die burger haben schon ein stolzen preis und sind ohne beilagen . als getr\u00e4nk kann man sich jedoch so oft nachf\u00fcllen wie man m\u00f6chte . die selbstgemachte limonade ist zu empfehlen . die burger mit pommes sind frisch zubereitet und schmecken sehr gut . keine tiefk\u00fchlbratlinge . und die pommes kamen auch sehr gut an . 4 sterne . 1 stern abzug wegen den preisen . geschmacklich ist alles super .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to be a fan but after my last experience here ... i 'm thinking its time to scout another resto in the village ! now , their are many to choose from ... too bad this one lost its luster ! i normally have the ibiza salad , which is a greek salad with chicken but ibiza is in spain ... that s another story , i was shocked to see a salad was $ 21 ! ! ! wtf ... and its not even that amazing ! ! this night i had the saloon burger , one of their staple burgers ... a no brainer , but the bread was dry and crumbling , the meat was precooked and overcooked ! my friend had a burger too , same issue with the meat and bun ... but he had a poutine ! i had a taste of the poutine , it was disgusting and had no flavor ... mcdonalds makes a better poutine ! i think its time to get back to the basics and become a restaurant instead a wannabe resto-club !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "call me a stupid american all you want , but this place serves up the best poutine i had in montreal . scandalous . i came to montreal from nyc for a weekend away , with the explicit goal of eating some legit canadian poutine . everything online pointed me toward la banquise , which turned out to be a huge touristy disappointment . so on my last morning before flying back down south , i stopped at le saloon for brunch , which offers poutine as a + $ 5 upgrade side for most dishes . i got the classic eggs benedict with poutine . screw the eggs . i could 've eaten two bowls of that poutine and probably more , except that this is the gay village and one must at least pretend to not like fatty foods . i 'm rambling . mostly because i 'm now back in nyc wishing i was in montreal eating poutine at le saloon bistro bar . # fatboyproblems ambiance is nice , servers were great blah blah blah . get the poutine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best poutine in the entire city ! i know this will be challenged immensely . know that i am the poutine master of all time and know the finer points of each ingredient . this place hands down has perfected this savory , salty , starchy dish of goodness . fresh cut fries , fresh salty cheese curds and a gravy so savory with chucks of meat that you pour over the dish when you 're ready . we went back 3 times ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4-7 do not miss it ! drinks are actually amazing lots of places water them down or make them far to sweet these are amazing . gay bash -blue shit- south beach-grumpy pappi ! calamari so good so so good ! usually a lot of places have the batter come apart and have really rubbery rings . they killed it and serve it with a garlic mayo and it 's fabulous . inside ambiance is super stylish . comfy cozy place with candles lining up the bar and every table . big screen playing music videos and a disco ball to add a finishing touch . outside is amazing with great big flower pots that are white and have lights in them . check it out before it gets cold the outdoor seating was lovely . 25 years anniversary in full swing ! they have wine bottles for 25 $ . 2 plates for 25 . the 4-7 drink special and last but not least the vip card which gets you 4-7 when ever for 50 bucks . it 's worth it ! love love this place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bon service et bonne ambiance . la nourriture est succulente et les portions sont g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses . le rapport qualit\u00e9 prix est excellent . par contre , il faut aimer la musique forte et le fait que le monde parle fort pour pouvoir bien s'entendre . ce qui est original , c'est que la musique est produite directement par un dj sur place . ah oui , faut pas avoir peur de se coller sur son voisin de table . dison que la place est tr\u00e8s populaire et que l'espace n'est pas suffisant pour la popularit\u00e9 de l'endroit . mais en bout de ligne , les petits inconv\u00e9nients s'oublient en recevant les d\u00e9licieux plats command\u00e9s .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only had dinner once here and i friggin ' died over the iceberg salad with blue cheese . it 's seriously so good . once of the best salads i 've ever had . ambiance is cool , loud house music , amazing sangrias . in the summer there 's an outdoor patio where i 've had drinks before . fun spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's one of those places i 'm glad to have near my work , because i do n't feel all that bad about forgetting to pack a lunch . only having gone during the day , saloon offers a varied lunch menu with plenty of options at three different price brackets . the service is fast and friendly and the kitchen is consistent . whether you 're in the mood for a sandwich or burger , or perhaps a healthier alternative ( i recommend the salmon with roasted veggies and mashed potatoes ) you 're sure to find something tasty without breaking the bank . i 've gone back multiple times and will continue doing so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cet endroit hyper pris\u00e9 du village m'a d\u00e9\u00e7ue . oui , l'endroit semble happening de l'ext\u00e9rieur ; oui , le d\u00e9cor \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur est `` top-design '' ; oui , tout le monde n'en dit que du bien ... mais moi , le saloon m'a laiss\u00e9e plus qu'indiff\u00e9rente . franchement , j'aimerais bien savoir ce sur quoi tout le monde `` tripe '' au 1333 sainte-catherine est ! la bouffe est plus que de base ( si je me rappelle bien , je m'\u00e9tais command\u00e9 un burrito ... sans go\u00fbt , sans \u00e9clat , trop de sauce , compl\u00e8tement `` blah '' ) ; le service est mauvais ( on oublie de nous apporter ce que nous avons demand\u00e9 , on tarde \u00e0 nous servir de l'eau ... dois-je absolument \u00eatre gaie pour recevoir un sourire , monsieur ? ) ; la musique est beaucoup trop forte ... enfin , mon souvenir est vague . ce dont je me rappelle est que je n'ai pas v\u00e9cue une tr\u00e8s belle exp\u00e9rience et que je ne souhaite pas y remettre les pieds . so unfortunately , so long , saloon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the adult beverages ! i went one day when i was in the mood to drink ... i mean really drink . so , i went in just before the lunch rush and grabbed a table . i made my way through several choices on the drink menu ! i prefer non-sweet drinks , so i stuck with those choices . the bloody pickle martini is a winner ! i found the williamsburg to be an ass kicker ... i mean if you want to get wasted quick this may be a good choice ! the service is fantastic here and i wish i had stayed for some food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun place to enjoy a burger with good friends . the service was really slow though . if you plan on having more than one drink you should probably order all of them at once , it just takes way too long . the food , however , was pretty good . i had a bleu cheese burger and fries , served on a slab of wood which made eating a little awkward but was pretty cute . the atmosphere is very fun yet relaxing at the same time , kind of glad we sat inside !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were greeted at saloon , and were seated with the english menus . no questions asked . our waiter was nice , attentive , and pointed out any extras that increased the price . this was my last meal in montreal ( brunch ) , and i went hard . i had the cowboy burger , poutine , and a pint of beer . all were really tasty , especially the burger patty . my favorite part about saloon is the atmosphere . it 's open for brunch quite early on the weekends , but looks like you 're eating eggs in the middle of a club . love the disco ball above the bar and stallions on the walls", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here after searching for a restaurant that was open on new years day . it looked poppin ' so we gave it a try . the service was quick and the waiter was really nice . i had the onion soup which was loaded with cheese . like serious cheese . by the end of my meal i had a huge chunk of cheese left over because there was much more cheese than soup itself . i also ordered dumplings and the panko shrimp . those were just okay . i definitely feel like this place is a bit overpriced . the food is decent and so is the service . the atmosphere is really an experience though . also the restroom is smaller than an airplane bathroom so be aware of that when you go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bloody mary is the alpha and omega of morning cocktails . if you order one here , i highly doubt that you 'll be disappointed . the eggs benedict is also a good choice . you need to get to montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here late on a sunday evening . the biggest benefit is that this is one of the few places in the village that 's open later ( or at all ) on sunday . the vibe is very hip and the decor matches . most entrees are $ 15-20 and upwards . i had one of the pasta dishes ( scooby doo a chorizo ) which was pretty tasty , if a bit lacking in sauce . i was a bit shocked , though , that a pint of beer was $ 9 ! overall , not a bad place . there are probably better priced options within walking distance , but pickings are slim on a sunday night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the first time i came to this place at night and it was a crapshoot . we waited a good five minutes to be seated , another twenty to get an english menu for my anglo only friend and all of it came with reprehensible attitude . they ca n't command their price premium with service like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nous sommes all\u00e9es au saloon dimanche pour le brunch entre copines . la r\u00e9servation \u00e9tait bien faite , nous avions une table pr\u00eate , et le service \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bon . le choix du menu brunch est diversifi\u00e9 . il y plein de choses qui ont l'air tr\u00e8s bonnes ! ! petite d\u00e9ception , les portions ne sont pas tr\u00e8s grosses.. peu de patates et de fruits.. par contre , il y avait un petit muffin en chocolat dans chaque assiette , super bon et tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able en fin de repas en guise de dessert ! : ) a essayer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great sunday brunch as a heterosexual couple , at the bar . the bar server was such an eye candy , and also very efficient waiter . breakfast hamburger has a very pretty presentation . nice atmosphere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overprice and overrated i was here on a friday for lunch . the service was abnormally slow as it took the waiter over half hour to bring us our drinks . the nachos were worse than the ones at kelsey 's - barley any cheddar cheese the drinks were weak and the fries were super , super greasy ! i will never go here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a fun atmosphere but the service was pretty terrible . it took almost 15 minutes for the server to visit my table and then somehow my entree came out before my drink . it was not an enjoyable dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place ! there 's a fun hip vibe around the room . the service was attentive and friendly . the pitcher of sangria was really tasty . the menu offers something for everyone . i wanted to try a few things and settled for the club sandwich . if i have to complain it will be about the genius cook who decided it was ok to use stale rye bread to hold a giant sandwich together . within a minute my first piece disintegrated in my hand . the bottom fell right out and i was left with a handful of chicken , tomato , bacon , and mayo in my hand . bread all over my pants . the waiter was nice enough to have the remainder rebuilt with a hamburger bread . despite this i gave it 4 stars and will certainly go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good decor , great toilets , horrible food and bad attitude from martin the waiter in my section . the decor was nice and the toilet beautiful . food was horrible , i ordered pizza it was dry , very dry..still to my dog ' taste , is very dry , , but.according to martin ( cute hairy waiter ) this is the way or no way ... worse place to go if not part of the gay dream ... cheers !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "totally a cool space ! love the ambience , great drink menu , friendly service . i arrived at about 10:45 pm on a saturday expecting to be able to order food ... kitchen closed . but still had a great time . stayed past last call . i will come again . came again sunday for dinner ( alone ) . saloon burger with fries . the bartender remembered me from last night and came to my table to greet me . friendly place . i changed to five stars . ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we often come here for sunday brunch . the eggs benedict is always good , but the chaudron cochon is what we come for . great especially for that hangover . terrace during the summer is especially nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely a top choice when visiting montreal 's gay village ! my friends and i make at least one visit here on each trip ! their brunch is to die for - and their champagne cocktail menu has flavors i never expected ! i had a white cranberry mimosa and could n't get enough of it ! ! delicious ! staff is always very friendly and bilingual ! will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'adore cet endroit ! j'y suis all\u00e9e \u00e0 quelques reprises pour le brunch avec des amies et c'est toujours agr\u00e9able . le service est rapide et courtois , la nourriture est excellente et le choix de drinks alcoolis\u00e9s offerts ne se limite pas au traditionnel mimosa . mention sp\u00e9ciale \u00e0 kevin qui s'est occup\u00e9 de nous avec brio \u00e0 chacune de nos visites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for 3 girls to get their night started on the right foot- techno beats , great drinks , and lots of cute boys to look but not touch . why not touch ? because most of them appead to not swing our way . ( catch my drift ) extensive menu of yummy food and drinks and quick friendly service . love !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'adore le saloon , que ce soit pour un verre , d\u00eener , souper ... il y a toujours quelquechose d'int\u00e9ressant \u00e0 trouver au menu . et j'adore leur petit deuxi\u00e8me \u00e9tage ! un must sur la liste des restos \u00e0 revisiter ! -- - i love le saloon , whether it is for a drink , lunch or diner ... there is always interesting to find on the menu . and love their second floor ! a must on the list of restos to revisit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in all our trips to montreal , i 've avoided saloon as it looks like a typical bar . i 'm kicking myself now . the service was friendly and the food blew me away for the price . try the flat iron steak - you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was excellent , the drinks were strong , the waiters were all gay and gorgeous . my friend and i stumbled upon this place our first night in montreal and our waiter was extremely friendly and suggested all the places to go . it was a great start to one of the best vacations i 've been on . every time i am back in montreal i am sure to come here to eat . it 's really nice in the warm months too when outdoor seating is available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place but the music is so loud it 's impossible to carry on a conversation across the table . food also took a very long time to be served , when the restaurant was 1 3rd full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is just highly over rated ! really ! the food is mediocre , drinks are weak , obnoxiously loud without reason , over staffed and slow service . lets not forget the over priced tag that comes with all the above mentioned . it 's unfortunate that my fellow queers are mesmerized by flashy objects and lights - as this is the only appeal to this place that i can see . do yourself a favor and use yelp as it was intended and find yourself a better restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite restaurant bar in the gay village . the food is good , love the atmosphere and the music . reminds me of nyc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice cocktail lounge a friend and i dropped by saloon to grab a couple of drinks before going out for dinner . this was a pretty great place and based on the reviews , i do not think that i was too far off of the mark . although i had only two drinks during this visit , i will say that my favorite drink was the caesar ( or at least i think that what the drink was called ) . the caesar basically is a caesar salad in liquor form . . . think a bloody mary with a few more veggies and a pepper spiced rim , served in a mug . although we did not stay too long at saloon , this place seems like a perfect place to meet up and grab some fun cocktails ( saloon has an extensive list of interesting and original cocktails ) and or a bite to eat with your friends . our bartender was really nice and great at mixing our drinks . .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel that this place is more for tourists in summertime and it gets its notoriety because it has been opened for almost 20 years . food is n't that good to be honest . very laid back and casual but not necessarily in a good way ... would n't necessarily recommend this place unless my auntie from florida insist on it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "accueillis par un serveur qui ne comprenait pas le fran\u00e7ais , mon ami s'est fait arros\u00e9 d'huile par une assiette volante et ils ne nous ont m\u00eame pas offert un verre ou le repas . la taille du tartare a d'ailleurs bien r\u00e9duis au fil des mois . bref , nous irons prendre nos habitudes ailleurs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the burget and it was ok. found it a bit dry , but still overall tasty . the calamari was good and a large portion . i do not recommend the poutine . the gravy ruined it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cool restaurant in the heart of `` the village '' . i had a great experience , and would recommend it to adults . you can have great fun especially during the summer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "une des meilleures adresses du village , menu vari\u00e9 , ambiance toujours au rendez-vous , bon service ... une formule gagnante !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thoroughly enjoyed my experience here ; ] ] . my friends and i were trying to find a place to eat with good atmosphere , food , and drinks -- this place had it all . my food was good and came out quicker than most of the restaurants i 've been to in montreal so far . it is a bit overpriced [ hence no 5 star ] , but their hot-as-fux male waitstaff more than made up for it . very nice and responsive and hot . would come back for the eyed candies any effing day . ^_^v", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u00e7a fait quelques semaines que j'y suis all\u00e9e avec des amies ... et j'ai de la difficult\u00e9 \u00e0 me souvenir des plats que j'ai pris ... cuisine qui ne m'a pas marqu\u00e9 tartare : bien ordinaire ... voire sans go\u00fbt . je me souviens d'avoir pay\u00e9 cher pour un souper des plus ordinaires . service : rapide et sympathique ambiance : de bistro et accueillante", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were seated on the patio at saloon , which gave us an opportunity to watch the diverse sidewalk traffic of montreal 's gay neighbourhood . the food was good . jason and i shared calamari and shrimp appys . he had steak et frites for dinner and i had penne putanesca . the serving staff were charming and attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff is very nice . food is very pricey for what it is . `` happy hour '' prices are a joke . been there twice . first time was ok and i thought i would give it another try . never again ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the chicken sandwich and it was amazing . so tasty and fresh . also had the sangria and wow ! very refreshing . super friendly service and great music . amazing for a summer night . only been in montreal in the summer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with the conference people ... not a bad place in the heart of the gay village . bit warm upstairs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "last night i enjoyed a break from freezing rain and snow at this restaurant bar . i tried the sweet potato french fries and a quite excellent burger . the beef here in canada is quite amazing . my server spoke excellent fluent english and was quite pleasant when i tried with my limited french .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best..i mean best french onion soup i have ever had . service was cute and fairly attentive . they were drinking shots most of the night with a patron at another table , but kept me happy . food was good . not great ... but good . except the french onion soup . wow . guiness beer base . delicious bathroom was also one of the best in montreal ! love the cleanliness and mirrors ! check it out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great , atmopshere is really nice too . service was a little slow but it was a busy night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well what do you say , it is always hopping , , , ,burgers and salads ... fresh , obviously high food turnover , the place is usually packed . i personally do n't see what the hype is ? ? ? ? fast , easy , casual ... ..good service ... it gets my vote .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate here twice on a visit to montreal . brunch was amazing , lunch was good not great . had the eggs benedict with prosciutto with a bloody mary for brunch which was delicious and i highly recommend . for the lunch visit i had the saloon burger which was tasty but a bit over cooked , order it rare ( i ordered medium rare and it came medium ) ... but the bloody mary was still on point ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bons cocktails , cadre et musique sympa , beaux serveurs . les mojitos sont bons mais un peu l\u00e9gers en alcool . bon endroit pour grignoter et boire un verre avant d'encha\u00eener", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance agr\u00e9able et branch\u00e9e . repas servis rapidement et le service est sympathique !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far this was my favorite restaurant experience in montreal -- better than bonaparte even and obviously cheaper . this is a cafe with good modern music and interesting art decor . i had the cheeseburger with bacon and iceberg lettuce in place of the bun . delicious ! the service started slow but improved . i 'm a fan and we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visit montreal annually and we always visit le saloon . the food is always well prepared . the staff is very attentive . and theye always have a lovely and affordable selection of wines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed brunch during pride . our waiter was really nice , and the atmosphere was a blast . considering they are known for being a bar , the food was decent , lots of choice . patio is beautiful and they have an english menu and a list of cocktails including mimosas and ceasers . good times and lots of fun happening in the streets !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bonne accueil l \u00e9quipe et sympa la nourriture aussi et la musique \u00e9galement rien a dire de plus bonne adresse", "score": "4"}
{"review": "envi de manger sans parler ? c'est l'endroit ! profiter de la musique de calibre rave avec les 587db que g\u00e9n\u00e8re la musique de ce restaurant ! bon service mais j'ai pas aim\u00e9 particuli\u00e8rement mon repas ( p\u00e2tes avec des tomates \u00e2pret\u00e9s d'une mani\u00e8re que je n'ai pas encore comprise aujourd'hui ) . je le d\u00e9conseille a un maximum de personnes juste pour le son que g\u00e9n\u00e8re ce bistro bar . f\u00e9licitation quand m\u00eame pour le beau d\u00e9cor et l'\u00e9norme projection qui donne vraiment du style ! baissez le son et je donne une \u00e9toile !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service ! great food ! i order general tso 's chicken- it was the best ! i also tasted to my friends ' order , really outstanding ! i highly recommend to go for dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grosss ! poor chinese they must have said fuck it to the real recipe . cant make a decent shrimp an broccoli ? ? poor excuse for a chinese restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered delivery 3 times . took about an hour to arrive but it has been well worth it . food is fresh and above average for take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gross and took forever . i ordered from new lucky online via yelp , so at least part of the problem could 've been that the ordering app was buggy . but they got our order wrong , it took 55 minutes ( ! ! ) , and the food fared between average and gross . i got mushu shrimp , which was average - the leftovers have been sitting untouched in our fridge for 2 days if that tells you anything . my husband ordered sesame beef but received general tso 's chicken ( i think ? ) , which was neon red , way overly sweet , and so thickly breaded that the meat was an afterthought - gross . we also ordered fried shrimp , which , like the chicken , was way over breaded and had very little flavor . definitely not ordering from here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always fast , friendly service - pickup or delivery . i can choose to get chinese food from multiple restaurants in squirrel hill , but the food here is tasty and fresh every time . i normally hate fried rice but theirs is fluffy and not greasy like it is at most take out places . singapore mei fun is spicy , as it should be . the only thing i did n't love was one of my favorites - hot and sour soup . not bad , but it tasted beefy which is n't my preference . trust me , the place does n't look amazing , but the food will surprise you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have a barber also inside , but ricky and the young lady also work inside and are always here ! they work as a team so the wait is n't long at all ! they 're super friendly and they do an amazing job each time ! they have punch cards so every so often that you come in you gradually get more of a discount ! they really care about they 're customers and they remember you ! they give you advice on designs you want to do on your nail and they also fix it up without any problem if you do n't love it ! they 're really great ! they also do gel , acrylic , mani . pedi. , and more ! come here if you do n't like paying so much , but you still want your nails to look cute !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whatever you do , do not go here . i called yesterday just to ask the price of a pedicure and how long the wait was , i could barely understand the lady but was able to get the price right away however it took me a few to find out the wait time . the lady kept asking if i wanted an appointment , my name etc . my mom and i decided to wait a few before attempting to give it a try , i should have known by the aggravating phone call it was a bad idea . we walked in , a guy was doing someone 's nails , barely acknowledged us , told us to pick a color and pointed off into some random direction for the nail polish and told us it would be a few . we found the nail polishes and noticed that they looked old and their selection was bad . then we saw what looked like 3 employees off to the side doing their makeup and hair . we decided to leave and no one ever noticed . we will not be making another attempt to go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ricky got me in right away . yay ! my feet and legs feel amazing thanks to lee . those warm stones were freaking awesome . lisa painted my pretty flowers . and all three continuously made sure i was comfortable . a very nice treat while on vacation . im glad i stopped in ... . i had the entire works under 30 bucks ! well worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . when i was getting my gel nails done a girl came in and complained about how her nails were chipping . i was half way done about then so i continued . however , a few days later my nails started chipping . i called in and they said to just come in . i work and go to school so could not come in right away and when i did they tried charging me to $ 10 to fix them . not a lot , but i did just pay $ 60 . ricky was argumentative and rude . this was close to my gym but i 'll never come here again and would highly recommend people to stay away . service , ambiance and quality are low .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ricky was great ! he took his time with me and explained the different pricing . he was funny and not pushy with trying to sell me more which is great because everywhere else i go they want you to spend more ! plus i received a card that gives discounts the more i use it ! who could n't use a discount ? i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here almost a month ago and forgot to do my review ( oops ) ... but as a new customer and future returning customer i am very pleased with the nail techs and business . you would think they only do nails ... i was wrong . they do hair cuts , color , male cuts , waxing , and even more ! as soon as you walk in ; everyone is so welcoming . i was seated immediately ( no waiting ... yes ! ) i am not sure if it was ricky who did my nails , but the male nail tech was very helpful when i was indecisive about the color and if i wanted gel or regular . after minuets of trying to pick a color ... i finally decided i wanted gel pink stiletto nails . the nail tech was fast , easy on my natural nails and so sweet to give me a discount card so i can come back . very reasonable prices and i loved my gel nails . they lasted for about 3 weeks ! i will be returning . thanks : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when my friend told me there is a new restaurant call yuan yuan , just opens up in richlane , of course i need to give it a try . this is the 2nd location of yuan yuan in scarborough which is known for their tian jian cuisine . the restaurant is a lot nicer and spacious than the one in original location . the new owner kept the deco and the setup of the previous restaurant and basically just change the business name in the storefront . steamed chives and pork dumplings ( $ 4.99 ) freshly prepares when order took around 20 minute . dumplings were bite size , savory and filled with soup ! ! ! sesame pancake ( $ 2.99 ) was decent as a filler . so hot and fresh ! ! no lunch special but at this price point everything here is a bargain : scarborough pricing in richmond hill . you can watch the lady preparing dumplings right in front of the restaurant . cash only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food does n't taste good , and the service is really poor . i do n't suggest people visit this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "smokey dragon deep dish pizza is sooo good . make sure you allocated 40 mins for it to be ready !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with two others today to try the deep dish pizza . we ordered a large smokey dragon . the wait was about 20 minutes but it was worth it . the pizza was stacked with meat and cheese and the serving size was huge . the only cons to this place are : - all the toppings are really salty , especially the meat - the price for the large ( approx $ 30 ) is around double or triple the cost of a normal pizza , even though they create approximately the same serving size overall , it 's a great place to try if you have n't had deep dish pizza but if you 're just looking for something to fill you up , you may want to find a cheaper alternative .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great pizza - both the thin crust and chicago deep dish . the meat toppings are grilled on site and everything is so fresh . a little more expensive than your average pizza joint but definitely worth it . i 've ordered the chicago style but thin crust with steak , mushroom , onions , with tomato sauce , cheese blend and sirracha drizzle is my favourite . not open for lunch and hardly any where to sit . calling ahead to place your order is recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is really worthy of a try if you are a fan of pizza . everything is very fresh and tastes fantastic . i love the deep dish killer dragon as they cal it mmmm cooked to perfection i was iffy on it but one bite and i 'm hooked . this place gets extremely busy so try to come early . even at 4pm when they open i was in line and i 'm told they are known to sell out before 10 closing time so make the drive to mississauga you will be surprised at how such great pizza is so close to home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i had a ridiculous `` road trip '' where we drove to hamilton to try their version of the chicago style pizza for mid-day dinner lunch ; and then mickey 's pizza for dinner ( just to compare ) . we ordered their thin crust pizza , stuffed pizza , and deep dish pizza . the thin crust pizza was okay - spinach and chicken - was n't anything too special . the stuffed pizza was a bit too much cheese for my liking . and lastly , the comparison : the deep dish pizza . i found the deep dish pizza at the place in hamilton much better than mickey 's . i enjoyed their sauce a lot more ; and there was a bit too much cheese on everything here . however , the little place is cutely decorated with dragons and they really have this great relationship with all their customers as i saw they walk in . not only that , one of the owners was the sweetest lady ever . she kept talking to us and told us about her struggles with opening the shop . she was absolutely adorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when it comes to pizza- mickey 's pizza is truly as good as it gets . you have to try it . get the deep dish pizza with any combination of toppings you wish . add the dragon sauce and i assure you- you will not be disappointed . i would recommend calling ahead if you are ordering later on in the day to ensure that they still have pizza available because they run out sometimes . the only downside to mickey 's pizza is that it is n't open on monday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza- ok so it is not really a traditional deep dish pizza , which ( at least for the one i had in chicago ) had better more sauce with less bread , this was more like a mega pizza hut pan pizza , but fresh instead of greasy . the price , while not cheap is fair . the large will feed 2 people imo . regardless , it is still one of my favourite pizza takeout place in toronto area . something about eating a colossal cheesy meaty pizza makes me want to go back and have more . edit : by the way , i have to laugh at the people paying $ 70 to have a deep dish pizza delivered from parlour deep dish pizza ( internet delivery service ) . crazy ! you 're a lot better off getting the presidents choice chicago deep dish pizza for $ 7-9 ( surprisingly good ) , or going here . neither is perfectly authentic , but they fit the bill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i ca n't give this place a 5 is because it is expensive . 2 baby deep dish pizza 's and 2 cokes were $ 40 . apart from this , the pizza is really good . i ordered the smokey pizza ( or something like that ) . it had pepperoni , bacon strips and bacon crumble , smoked mozzarella and bbq sauce and it was delicious . my husband got the hawaiian and he said it was really good as well . the baby pizza , while it looks really small , is really filling . we were both struggling to finish it off . the restaurant is very small and there are only a few places to sit at , so this is a bit of an inconvenience if you 're planning on staying . however , this is one of the cleanest restaurants i have ever seen . highly recommend visiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very expensive for something like pizza . be mindful when adding toppings to the pizza as this substantially increases the price . i was expecting something a lot more special for the price paid . one thing i do appreciate is that they have halal meat options and they make sure there 's no cross-contamination with other non-halal meats .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is damn good deep dish pizza ! ! ! i 've had authentic deep dish pizza in chicago and this is what it 's like ! in fact , this might be better . their toppings are fantastic and so high quality ! great customer service too ! it is expensive but a good value because honestly , you can order 1 pizza size smaller than you usually do . you will be full after 1 slice ( 2 if you 're a fat guy ) because this pizza is proper deep dish ! totally worth the drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute friendly pizza place with lots of topping and sauce options . even though we went close to closing on a weeknight there was a healthy flow of customers . my friend and i were overwhelmed with the choices and opted to go with a simple thin crust with caramelised onions and sausage . because we ordered a large , we were able to get half of the pizza with the dragon sauce and the other with chipotle . the pizza was nice and cheesy and both sauces were a great addition . definitely looking forward to trying the deep dish and other toppings in the future ! specifically the cilantro sauce ( mmmmmmmmm )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my cousin brought me here , the pizza was amazing . we customized a large pan pizza with our favorite toppings . the pizza is like a pie , crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with all the toppings inside but cheese on top . also had some cilantro and hot sauce drizzled on top of it . our bill was pretty high but honestly so worth the try . there is n't much seating so we took our pizza and went to a nearby park . if you 're feeling deep dish pizza , give this place a go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on the hunt for chicago style deep dish , and luckily found something in a reasonable driving distance . i got ta say it was well worth the drive from downtown because the chicago deep dish craving is very real and so is mickey 's deep dish . i will be back . to eat all the pizzas . it 's legit . oh yes , called ahead to preorder the pie , as per suggestion on their official website . takes like 40 mins to prep cook .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my pizza and usually prefer to make it at home this is one of the few places i would go for some real good pizza . they 're generous with the amount of toppings and their deep dish is mouth watering ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "100 % sure they forgot the sauce in our deep dish . it was just cheese and meat with a token drizzle of sauce on top . granted the crust itself is way too thick to be a chicago-style deep dish , the lack of sauce was just ... i do n't know . we visited from downtown toronto just to try the pizza here ( chicago is too far ) and i have to say it was a huge disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pizza dough is nothing special , it 's rather bland and similar to the taste of frozen pizza . this place is generous with the toppings , but a lot of them ( ham , mango , bacon ) taste as though they were freezer burned for 6 months -- definitely not fresh . it 's sad to say but little cesar 's does a very good deep dish in comparison . it 's simple , much cheaper , and does n't take 30 minutes ( walk in order time )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place makes the best deep dish . i 've tried deep dish many times before but nothing ever compared to mickey 's . the crust was very thick and the toppings as well . it 's always the best when you eat a pizza with the toppings melting in your mouth . prices as well were reasonable and have different price ranges based on how many people you are feeding . although , toppings can get expensive but worth the splurge . would recommend this to anyone who is looking to try something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with their pizza as well as the service . they are very friendly . also , if you have n't tried their poutine dip dish pizza - you should !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pizza . amazing ingredients . halal option . garlic bowl is killer . probably should not eat from here more than once a year : p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard about this place from a friend and saw some pretty good pics so my husband and i decided to try this place . and it did not disappoint ! ! we order the deep dish pizza , there was loads of stringy cheese , filling and tomato sauce . the crust was soft and chewy , just perfect . we actually went to chicago and try the deep dish pizza there and we did n't like it at all , the crust was hard , it literally hurt my gums to eat it . a must try for pizza lovers , especially if your passing by mississauga . will go back to try their regular pizza to see if it 's any good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend told me that this place had the best pizza in mississauga and that i had to try there texas . i have gone numerous times and had no problems with there red meat pizzas . they put so much meat and cheese that theres more toppings then pizza and fills you up ! the only pizzas i didnt like too much were the ones with chicken as they put less meat . i advise you go with a group of people as it is pretty pricey and gets you full even though it looks small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gotten takeout deep dish pizza here 4-5 times now and while expensive it is clearly the best pizza in mississauga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to dinner with friends , it was my first time trying deep dish . staff were very friendly and attentive despite it being the dinner rush , handling the large line quickly and orderly . our actual pizzas were divine , the deep dish is absolutely loaded with toppings . the philly cheese steak pizza i got had a generous helping of steak , onions , sauce , and of course cheese . i have never felt so good about letting myself go . my only qualm was the limited seating ( not a big restaurant ) probably better to get it as take out unless you 're by yourself or with one other person .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "completely annoyed . my husband and i used to come to mickeys often but the last few times we promised not to come back . we sometimes come back thinking `` if they get it right , its great '' key word : if . the last few times there have been issues 1 ) pizza is undercooked and watery . i didnt know pizza could been so soggy . 2 ) they seem to love to make the wrong size or mess up ingredients . literally half the time we order , they get it wrong . at first we thought maybe they are busy but no , not the case today , they were nearly empty but stillvmessed it up . we had to sit and wait another 20 mins . which happens every time we come here . one time our `` pizza exploded in the oven '' , no one informed us of this until we came to pick it up . once again we were forced to wait even longer . we only go now for the sauce and only the sauce .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome deep dish pizza . loved the beefy taste . did n't even feel very carb-ish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza here is fantastic ... i 've tried both kinds ( deep dish and traditional ) , and i have to say that while i prefer the traditional , the deep dish is great too . the only issue with the deep dish is that it is sooo filling , i felt like i had to waddle around the rest of the evening . as far as i 'm concerned , it 's the best pizza in mississauga . it has a unique taste and the dragon sauce really adds to the flavour . the process is fun to watch as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over priced garbage . this is one of the worst over priced experiences ever . there are way better places like amadio 's in mississauga . no way i will ever go back to this dump .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm extremely disappointed ... that i did n't check this place out sooner . i tried the dragon ( not the deep dish ) and found the advertised quality of ingredients to be understated . i do n't give high praise freely , but this was the tastiest pie i 've had in memory ... most likely ever . try it ... you 'll surely enjoy it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the best deep dish pizza i 've ever had ! ! ! you choose pizza size and type ; ingredients could n't be any fresher ... not to mention the phenomenal service ! ! ! and yes , that includes chicago !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool rotating oven . chicago deep dish pizza was a first for me . they definitely do not stinge on any of the ingredients . the thin crust was good at the edges.. but not crispy and infact quite soggy near the middle . had to eat it with a fork and knife . coriander sauce was pretty awesome . not a fan of the chipotle sauce , thats only because i dont like that u.s style hickory flavor . i would come back ... too bad location is not convienient .. i think this place would do amazing if it was closer downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place would be 5 if : better bacon ( not that smoked crumble stuff ? ) cooked the deep dish a little longer and less salt . the flavor ( minus the bacon ) was good and the za was extremely filling ! oh yeah ... the dragon drizzle was amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favourite pizza place . used to live in etobicoke and would drive out once a week for my cheat meal . now i always make a special trip for pizza every time i 'm in southern ontario for business . last time i even booked a hotel in mississauga one night while working in hamilton just for the pizza", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found out about this beautiful gem last summer . i only went there a few times since and i must say , mickey 's still upholds it 's good name . i plan on going out to chicago to try the real deal and also plan on going to double d 's which just opened in toronto to compare . the biggest size is looks small but the thickness of the `` deep dish pizza '' is really filling and it could be finished among two people and no more than 3 . you have to try this place ! it 's a really small place so space to eat is limited however , there is a patio for the warmer seasons . i recommend to get a pizza and drive to the drive-in at 5 when the season allows for drive in movies . it 's just a 12-15 min drive away . fyi they only takescredit or cash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let 's just start by saying , i love pizza . i mean , who does n't ? seriously . i 've ordered from mickey 's on a couple of occasions , the first time trying their famous deep dish and the other trying their thinner crust . both times were delicious ! some things to note about mickey 's . - this is not a fast food pizza joint . do n't expect it churned out quickly . they have a very fancy oven , that while interesting to watch , is not the fastest cooking implement . - also , go on pay day ! again , this is not just any pizza . you do pay for a better pizza , so you wo n't be finding any $ 10 specials here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pizza must try deep dish no 5 star becasue only 4 tables in the place and this pizza u have to eat fresh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "file this place under incredible . for years i have been looking for a real deep dish pizza joint in the gta and have been sadly disappointed . then i stumbled upon this place . both chicago deep dish and new york thin crust served here . the ingredients are so fresh they are practically moving and the place is packed . the chicago deep dish is the heaviest meal you have ever lifted ! the place is packed all the time and takes me almost an hour to get to and when i do , there is almost nowhere to sit , but it 's worth it . please start opening more locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic deep dish pizza , and there are a lot of good sauces for dipping the warm crust in !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best pizza i 've ever had . it has always been a dream of mine to have a pizza that contained more cheese and toppings than dough . the deep dish here is that dream pizza . this place is essential for anyone who has a serious love for pizza , because the passion that this place has for food is off the charts . the menu is crazy , full of choices and surprises . the non-pizza items are also so interesting and soooo damn good . stop reading reviews and just go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious thin crust pizza that is very soft and chewy and not crispy like most thin crust pizzas . perfect amount of cheese . nice atmosphere . very delicious chipotle sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pizza my only complaint is they do n't have enough place for dine in . if you are looking for a knockoff chicago deep dish style pizza , then this is the place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this should be consider an iconic symbol for fast foods in mississauga , pizza is freshly made and the deep dish style is the best you can get in ontario hands down", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great when i first discovered it a couple years back . but i feel the last couple of times i ate here the crust became much thicker .. and the pizza became less stuffed ... the taste is okay ... but the service there is horrible ... received a burnt pizza complained and there resolution was bring it back and we will see and if we feel it 's burnt we will then make you another ... wtf ? ? ? took pizza back and yes it 's burnt ( no apology ) so i asked for my money back and was it was practically thrown at me ... i also was asked not to waste there time ( i 've been hungry now for more than an hour , cause you burnt my pizza ! ! ! ) ... it 's been a year i just felt the need to review ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love tsa pre check . i was in and out in 3 minutes . the process is smooth and refined . the tsa agents are always friendly as most who use pre check are seasoned travelers and do n't make the usual mistakes of the casual traveler . there is no need to drag this review on so if you do n't have pre check and travel 3-4 times a year or more then you need to get it . trust me you will never want to go back to being that casual traveler in the regular lines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i appreciate the job that tsa does . it provides us a safer environment in the airport and in the air . process check in is always fast with me since i usually go thru the pre-check line due to jet blue . yay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thank you for not being rude or condescending but rather polite and professional regarding my bag of food that needed to be manually checked . i realize that the tsa agents are n't the idiots that wrote the rules of air travel , so i 'm grateful that they did n't treat my meat sauce like it was a wmd and just let it go . thanks again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very bad attitude and not helping people not understand the rule or speak english . not good for las vegas", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible experience at the tsa checkpoint today . they were very rude and aggressive . one of my friends i was traveling with was behind a couple of international travelers that did n't speak very good english the tsa person was very rude and made a comment about `` making '' them understand . this was after making some people walk from the other side of the tsa to ours and then they decided they were shutting our side down so they made those people walk back to the other side . i was yelled at because they wanted me to go through the metal detector but the lady was n't specific as to who she wanted to go through it . it was a horrible experience and will probably try to avoid the las vegas airport as a whole .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very speedy process at this location . staff was not overly friendly , but they were efficient . line goes quick , since their seems to be a lot of agents . terminal 3 is very easy to navigate , and this tsa checkpoint is pretty good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely the way to go -- just love it ! ! thanks for making my travel experience less hectic ... and for keeping me safe ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tsa is very inconsiderate here . they are rude and let the bins ( with your personal belongings ) stack up at the end of the conveyor belt . i had an autographed picture in my bin and they stacked other people 's belongings on top of it and bent the picture", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give zero stars if i could . i 'm trying to put my things into the tray as we were running late-nearly missing our flight . i accidentally put my bag in a tray as i was in a hurry . the tsa agent talked to me with an attitude , telling me to take my bag out of there . where is the customer service ? i respect tsa agents very much as they need to go through many things but seriously , you do n't need to talk to me like i 'm stupid . there was no apology whats-so-ever . to that old man , i feel sorry for you . if you hate your job and people so much , you should just quit instead of ruining everyone 's else 's experience with las vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "miss congeniality is no longer here just an irate asian lady who 's apparently mute unless you tell her thanks sweetie . very efficient otherwise pretty smooth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi station is a good place to go for some quick sushi , especially if you have the kids with you . prices are very reasonable and the food is good . not a `` gourmet '' type of sushi bar , but they have all the basic dishes you usually encounter . if you do n't see a baked scallop roll on the conveyor , just ask your server and they 'll bring you one - they are yummy . the bill for us with the kids usually ranges from 40-60 bucks , which is n't bad at all for what you get . service us slow when they are busy and the conveyor gets empty fast . but , be patient or just ask your server for a dish and they 'll get it for you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very fun way to enjoy sushi and other japanese dishes ! every table has the opportunity to grab dishes coming by , and they are all priced at $ 5 or less ( although nobody at our table got an item over $ 3 ) . so , the prices are very reasonable ! our server was also very attentive and friendly . this is a great place to go if you are trying to satisfy your sushi craving ! it 's a little set off from the street , so it can be a bit difficult to find . worth the find though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is this the best sushi i ever ate ? no . not even close . but is it a fun environment , with decent rolls , and cheap ? yes ! the sushi comes in small orders starting at around $ 1.50 and moving up to about $ 4 or $ 5 . there 's nothing special about the rolls at sushi station , but the price is a lot cheaper than grocery store sushi , and the quality is much better . the tuna and avocado roll , the salmon and avocado roll , and spicy crunchy salmon roll were all good . a total of 8 orders for two people came to a little more than $ 17 . good deal . just a note for some people ; look at the menu . every special roll , most appetizers , and most salads have shell fish in it . it 's mostly prepped and ca n't be changed . if you have a food allergy , or other dietary restriction , this may not be your sushi place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really am a fan of conveyor sushi . being able to get my raw fish fix and be stuffed in the $ 20 range just is n't something i can do at a `` real '' sushi house . and it is nice to have small plates for the ability to have a wider sampling of rolls and nigiri . seaweed salad , tai ( red snapper ) , tuna , salmon , several rolls , and the deep fried jalapenos ( not authentic ... but so yummy ! ) and an iced green tea . stuffed for the rest of the day , and did n't break the budget . got ta love that ! i 've been to this location a couple of times - my house is just about mid-point between here and teharu in chandler - and i 'll continue to alternate between the two . granted , it 's not the best sushi around . fresh , but not the super top notch quality i 've been spoiled with . given the volume , it ca n't help but be corporate in assembly and have a general cafeteria feel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like my conveyor belt sushi . when i 'm hungry , i wan na eat now . it 's like a buffet since the food is ready and there 's the element of surprise . i really enjoy this place . i 'm not a sushi snob , i lived in tokyo before so i do n't want to be impressed ; i want something quirky . quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price , you ca n't beat it , since the only other conveyor belt sushi places are in tempe or la . it 's mediocre at best for sushi standards , but hey , it 's f-u-n. a couple sake bombers and you 'll be good to go ! : ) i would recommend sitting near the front sushi bar along the right hand side if you want to see what 's the freshest . also i always order a bunch of assorted hand rolls @ $ 2 ea right off the bat . then it gets made fresh just for you ! and just supplement with a few other things that catch your eye on the belt . unless you 've seen it be put down , it may be a little old . even sushi that 's been sitting for 15 minutes does not make me a happy camper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "okay so i have heard about this place from a lot of people saying it was good so one day i went to go check it out . i went on a friday night with some friends and it was n't very crowded at all.. so the 3 of us got seated right away and the waiter said that he would be right back.even though i loved the concept of it ... the service is not so good . we waited for the waiter to come ask for our drinks for literally 20 minutes ! so after i waved the guy down , i did n't see what i wanted.. so i called the guy back over ( because he never came back around to see if we needed anything ) i asked him for a couple rolls and he said okay and did n't bring them until 20 minutes later . the whole time i saw him in the back by the kitchen messing around with the other girl workers.. i was so upset . i love the food and it a must try but the service is not so good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the price on sundays 1-3pm . everything is a $ 1 off . good quality sushi . easy to reach on the revolving sushi bar . enjoyed the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is good and cheap . i was n't sure what to expect for a conveyor belt sushi place because i 've never been to one . i also do n't like sushi as much as other people do but i thought this place was good . they also put sliced cucumber in the water , which is refreshing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would come here more often but the music they play is so bad it makes me physically ill - they play a rotation of 4 'songs ' that each have 4 words - a total of 16 words repeated over and over again - i do like the food however ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for lunch today with 3 other co-workers and decided to head here . once arriving we got seated right away . the conveyer belt had a great variety of sushi , salads , desserts , asian sodas ... .they even had a few rolls with no fish ( chicken roll ) . the plates are all different colors and on on the wall shows the color of the plate and the price of each plate ( there were 5 price ranges plate colors to choose from ) . what was nice was most rolls were 3-5 pieces , sushi had 2 large pieces , they also had sashimi as well . they even had various desserts and even fruit , jell-o . i had some salmon sushi , a special sushi roll , mussels , jalape\u00f1o poppers and everything was very , very good ! the prices of the plates i had were from $ 2.25 to $ 4.25 . i will certainly be back again ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bland . at one point , saw one sushi chef , if you can even call him that , continued making sushi using a piece of tuna which he accidentally put an take-out box on ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoy some of the rolls that are on the conveyor . in theory this is a genius idea and normally during the busy times it is fresh and they are constantly swapping items in and out . some rolls i will order directly off the menu though things like handrolls . service is ok overall for the value and the fun of the conveyor it 's not a bad little joint . give them a try", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . the sushi is cheap and it reminds me of the sushi boat restaurant back home in san francisco . except this is much tastier . fish is fresh , selection is great and the service is always good or excellent . we typically get out of there with a sub 20 dollar check for two strong eaters for dinner . i have now been at least 12 times . ca n't comment on drink or sake selection cuz that 's not my bag , but the happy hour specials seem legit . they recently switched to a new style lid for the rotating plates ( more sturdy probably easier to clean ) they look nice but because they only have one large hole in the top , hot food creates condensation inside and the gyoza ( and any other hot items ) get soggy . quick fix tho , just order hot items from your server ! i will keep eating at sushi station .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the greatest thing ever ! we came in here starving and u get to immediately eat with the conveyer belt..oh happy happy joy joy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i have been to sushi station over 80 times , no joke ! the staff is very friendly and the sushi is the best deal in town . you ca n't beat the happy hour ! you will be happy you went , enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent ( and well priced ) for a casual sushi experience . the largest draw was the conveyor belt and the amount of choices i had to choose from . i liked being able to order the sushi in sets of 3 or 4 as opposed to having to purchase a whole roll . i tried the spicy salmon , the new mexico and the spicy shrimpy and salmon . all tasted great and could be compared to a number of other sushi places i have been to . my fianc\u00e9 ordered the veggie roll and said multiple times that this was the best veggie roll she has had yet ( tried 6 or 7 different places ) . we definitely plan to come back again for lunch and happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great value ! that 's the reason we keep coming back here one weekend after another . the sushi plates range from $ 1.50 to $ 5.00 , but they include things such as sea urchin and sweet shrimp . you can still get the usual tuna , salmon , yellowtail . most of the plates are the some variation of california rolls but if you wait patiently you 'll find the more interesting items . the quality and freshness is fairly average , which is great especially considering the low price . as far as eating here , there is a line once in a while and our experience with service has been good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to both sushi station locations & hands down the camelback location is the best . during our visit to this location we walked into to see a waiter refilling soy sauce bottles , one waitress working the tables and four others sitting in a booth chatting . we were told sit where ever . we sat down and after about 15 minutes no one had yet to come to our table . i finally asked if we could place a drink order and the waiter acted shocked no one had come by . when he went to talk to the waitresses all just sitting together they just looked at our table in annoyance . finally after receiving some water and plates we sat to eat . the sushi belt is large however we only ever saw about 10 different types of rolls . i 'd say if you want to eat at sushi station go the extra distance to the camelback location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loooovvee this place . its so nice and its cheap , but the best part its that the sushi is good ! everyone is always friendly and its a great hangout spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average sushi but lots of fun . i love just taking things off the conveyer belt . alcohol is also a bit pricey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not the freshest sushi i 've ever tasted , but very creative rolls and i left very pleased with my meal . finally , a conveyer belt sushi joint in north phx scottsdale ! ! ! i 'll be back way too often . service = 5 atmosphere ambiance = 4 food taste = 4 overall experience = 4", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a really good value for the money ... they have a lot of options . so if you 're looking for decent sushi at a reasonable price then this is the place for you . however if you 're looking for really high-quality sushi and special rolls ... then you 're better off at other restaurants . if you go at the happy hour time ... then you can get the plates even cheaper and it 's it even a better value . i have eaten here two times now and very happy with the the food and choices . great sushi at a great price", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the concept is so awesome ! they need more of these types of restaurants in the u.s . the servers are always polite . the sushi is exquisite and the prices are great . i absolutely love this place and come at least once every couple weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite sushi places in town . the sushi is generally very fresh , and it 's generally decent quality . the prices are competitive and the fact that you can eat immediately upon entering is great . the atmosphere is fine and the service speaks better english than many chinese restaurants , but not better than most sushi joints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great sushi at a reasonable price . service was great and the sushi fresh . they have a menu of their sushi so if you do n't see what you want going around on the conveyor belt the server will gladly order it for you . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi is always good every time we come here . i love the seared tuna and albacore ! the service is good for the most part . gave it 4 stars because the hostess that was working today was kind of rude . other than that.. i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite sushi place to go to ! i love the fact that the sushi is on a conveyor belt and get to choose what sushi i want ! every time i go to a sushi place it is always hard for me to decide what i want ! also i like the fact that it is color coded based on price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ! fun lunch stop and neat to watch the sushi go by . we really liked that it comes in small portions so we got to try and share a lot of different things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was hoping it would be a great hidden sushi spot since the handful of times i went there i was either the only table or second table there . i have had to walk out twice since i stood there amd once even sat down for atleast 10 minutes but no one came to help us i was even talking loudly and trying to find anyone there ... one of the times the times another group walked out with us since there was no service to be had . overall the food is fair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheap sushi is not always the best sushi but here it is ! ! come during happy hour and you 'll walk out full and your wallet still packed ! lots of variety and the stuff are friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to bring my kids who love cooked sushi , but my fiance n i will prob stick to sushi style . thats amazing raw sushi . but this place is very quick", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't have high expectations coming here since i am used to deliciously fresh seafood in seattle , and neither did i get surprised . tuna was pretty `` fishy '' and salmon was not of the best quality , but a still an ok place to go . the edamame however was remarkably good . i was glad to see the low sodium soy sauce on the table already so i do n't have to ask for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrific restaurant for a traveler . good food , priced reasonably and very convenient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're on a budget and craving sushi , come here . it 's not the highest quality , but it will suffice . fun atmosphere in a large well lit room , i came on easter sunday and there were still a good amount of people there . service was attentive but not overbearing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi station is a neat little revolving sushi place . i really love how you can sit down and just grab something off the conveyor and eat it . it 's fun to see all the different kinds of sushi and if you do n't see something you like you can order off the menu . sometimes the service can be a little poor and there have been several times that we have waited long periods for our drinks or bill . overall the sushi is quite delightful and reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love taking my mom here for dinner . she thinks it 's a blast . fun concept . nicely executed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best ! ! ! if only the booths were bigger to accommodate my huge family ... good sushi good pricing . if its not on the belt just order it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot for good , reasonable and tasty sushi . it 's the only conveyor belt sushi i know in town , and is it awesome . they have your standard rolls all the way to more exotic concoctions . plates are broken down by $ 1.50 , $ 2 , $ 3 , $ 4 , $ 5 increments- but do n't think everything is $ 5 . i eat sushi often and eat a wide variety and when i go to station , 80 % of my plates are $ 2 . i went with my gf , both had a drink and ate until we could n't anymore ... and it was $ 40 when a typical sushi dinner is around $ 120- $ 140 . definitely love this place and is now one of my favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good sushi quality and variety . also ordering off the menu the portions for sashimi were good too . will definitely go there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich habe es ja bereits in meinem feedback an 741 angeschnitten - ich bin seit 6 jahren ein zufriedenes ace-mitglied . der service im pannenfall hat bei allen von unseren 4 pannen richtig flott funktioniert und mein mann und ich sind freundlich und fachm\u00e4nnisch betreut worden . ich finde es zudem super , dass wir keine zus\u00e4tzliche mitgliedschaft f\u00fcr meinen mein mann abschlie\u00dfen mussten , der kann n\u00e4mlich alle leistungen meiner mitgliedschaft mitnutzen ( ohne mehr bezahlen zu m\u00fcssen ) . au\u00dferdem bin ich begeistert , dass der ace ein beschwerdemanagement hat . das zeigt mir , dass der ace h\u00f6ren will , was seine mitglieder zu sagen haben .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bin schon seit \u00fcber 20 jahren mitglied und wurde bisher nicht entt\u00e4uscht . ganz gleich ob bei der pannenhilfe oder in der ace eigenen werkstatt . f\u00fcr ace mitglied sind fahrzeugchecks \u00fcbrigens kostenfrei , man bekommt hinterher ein pr\u00fcfprotokol auf dem man sehen kann wie es um sein heilix blechle bestellt ist . wenn mein auto \u00fcbrigens abgeschleppt werden mu\u00dfte , dann habe ich gleich gesagt zum ace . so eine erfahrung wie 741 ist eine ausnahem und nicht die regel und hat , wie lakula richtig bemerkt , nicht direkt was mit dem ace zu tun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich kenne keinen schlechteren automobilclub . wer im ace mitglied ist , der muss leidensf\u00e4higkeit mitbringen . die leistungen sind zwar nicht schlecht , aber schlecht zu bekommen . ich hatte heute eine automobilpanne , habe den wagen aber nicht vom ace abschleppen lassen , sondern einen abschlepper \u00fcber die mobilit\u00e4tsgarantie meiner werkstatt beauftragt . dort hat man aber keinen mietwagenanspruch . den wollte ich einfach geltend machen , indem ich die panne melde . die dame am telefon tat sehr verwundert , dass ich keine abschlepphilfe brauche , sondern nur meiner vertraglichen pflicht gen\u00fcge tun m\u00f6chte , den anspruch rechtzeitig anzumelden . sie meinte gleich in perfekter versicherungs-abwimmel-manier , mietwagen g\u00e4be es nicht bei gesch\u00e4ftsreisen . davon war nie die rede . die reise war privat . drohend : wir werden ihren anspruch \u00fcberpr\u00fcfen . schon gut , ich werde meinen anspruch schriftlich anmelden , dann k\u00f6nnen sie pr\u00fcfen . die haltung ist ganz klar : erstmal abwimmeln . sehr , sehr merkw\u00fcrdig .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mit denen war ich eigentlich immer sehr zufrieden , als ich noch mitglied gewesen bin . panne . ein anruf und jemand war sofort am telefon . wartezeit - knapp 30 minuten . das ist auch noch ok. freundliche helfer rundeten das gesamtbild ab .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i remember back circa 1991 when i was a freshman in high school , everybody read in pittsburgh . it was the free weekly newspaper and it had the concerts , comic strips , and news features that the post gazette and the tribune review would not touch . somewhere along the line , probably when i was a junior or so , the new kid pittsburgh city paper came along . i did n't think it would survive . after all , pittsburgh did n't need two of the same thing . well , i was wrong . in pittsburgh is no more and the pittsburgh city paper is the source for alternative news and such that in pittsburgh used to provide . i was never one for the news that these types of papers provide . i like to read city paper 's take on things . but these papers are best for concert reviews , happenings around town , and movie reviews .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this magnificent free paper is i say drives everything cool in pittsburgh ! ! ! ! they have their finger right on the pulse of anything that happens in the city . always easy to find with there massive amount of stand locations , if you ca n't find one ( get from under your rock ) and check them out online ! pittsburgh city paper dominates it ! great job cp ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought a suit in here for alterations . i called ahead of time and the person who picked up the phone was very courteous in explaining everything . when i went into the shop , an employee measured me for the alterations that would be needed because my suit was too loose in certain areas . 5 days later , my suit was ready and looking good ! overall , a very pleasant and easy experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in and asked a question regarding the pricing for a hem and the lady behind the counter asked if i had the dress with me and i told her no , i was just passing by and thought i would stop in and ask . she looked at me and rudely said `` i ca n't tell you anything because you do n't have it with you . '' then i asked about a time frame and she rudely said again `` you do n't have the item with you so i ca n't really help you . ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stopped by to drop off a pair of pants to have a new button put on and they did it in five minutes while i waited . and for no extra charge . i have used them in the past and was always satisfied . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh , i get it . it 's 8:30 on a saturday morning and you do n't want to work . so you take it out one the five customers who come in to order . then proceed to make a lackluster sandwich . skimpy toppings and you smooshed my bacon . if this did n't help to prolong my tubing adventure i 'd only give you one star . disqualified !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a coupon for buy one foot long with the purchase of a fountain drink , and get one foot long sub free . we were greeted by the employees who were friendly and immediately started putting together our sandwiches . i ordered the seafood sub , provolone cheese with multiple veggies , mayonnaise on wheat and my husband ordered steak , veggies and provolone cheese on wheat . we had our bread toasted as well which added to the flavor of the sandwich . the sandwiches were delicious and everything that went into the making of our sandwiches was fresh . we have n't ate at subway for at least 6 months and we were pleasantly surprised . both my husband and i agree they have improved overall and the bread tastes a lot better since they changed it . we go to this particular location because it is close to our house . the restaurant was clean as were the restrooms . the employees friendly and caring . we will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped going to subway a year or two ago after repeated horrible experiences . but i 'm surprised to say that this was by far the best subway experience my boyfriend and i have ever had . jessie ( i really hope thats her name ) , was outstanding . she was so nice , offered us everything and then some , smiled the whole time , and even thanked us for coming in . it was everything you want a subway experience to be . great hire , subway ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this seems to be a busy location , at least during lunch time . service was prompt and employees were cordial .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw the negative review , but i was close and thought i would give it a try . the staff was nice , and they were running a promotion on my favorite sandwich . i was there at 1:30 , and did n't notice any slow service . a nice place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a good subway to go to . it 's close to shopping and other things on the way during the day , it 's a clean store with friendly employees who usually go out of their way to make good sandwiches . many of them have been there for a while which is nice too , because they 're glad to see you and vice-versa , and already know the type of sandwiches that you like . i had the rye and corned beef 6 '' sub last time i was there and it was delicious . they do well on all of the sandwiches they make usually , but that one turned out to be really tasty . will i be back ? yep , next time i 'm shopping or in the area i will be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go to this subway restaurant . they do n't honor the discount cards programs they join , so they get the benefit of the advertising and getting people to go to that location , but then do n't give the promised discount . you 're just told too bad . and , they 're slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was at their neighbor location ( 19th ave and northern ) and asked for a single party platter . i sat and waited for 45 minutes and they have not yet started it . i decided to call this location , 19th ave and glendale , and asked when they could have one made . before i arrived to the location the platter was finished and packed up with cookies within 10 minutes . customer service was the best that i 've experienced . 100 % would return to eat here again . extremely satisfied with their prompt service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here because this site told me it was open until 10 pm and it 's 9:30 and they are closed somebody needs to update the correct times wither its subway or yelp", "score": "1"}
{"review": "subway is decent for a quick and easy nosh . i always get a turkey with spinach on wheat ( now without yoga mat ! ) and it 's a good light dinner . the food is fresher than most fast food which is good and the low price is even better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i normally love a trip to subway , but will never return to this location ... . ever ! although the food is good and the place is clean . the female manager awful . i never experienced any problems here until the day she came out and said i ca n't have lots of jalapenos . she seems to think she can limit how many jalapenos i should have mysub for me to be able to enjoy it . i offered to pay extra fir the extra toppings . so clearly it was not about me abusing the free extra toppings . she just simply did not think i should have that many on my sub . who is she to think thats even appropriate . you lost a customer for life at this store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i did a groupon with my son which included an assessment and 2 lessons . he 's going into 6th grade . he enjoyed the 2 lessons . i like that they captured his interest and enthusiasm . i am considering a 3-12 month program . we live close by so we can easily drop in at least 5 days a week which makes it affordable . i think the program will build confidence and close my sons gaps . i like that the materials are visual , clear and bold . i have a teaching background and therefore able to appreciate their methods and curriculum . rachel mcleod , the director , was wonderful . very professional , knowledgeable , courteous and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bugs ... .ewwwww ok so i 've never actually eaten here but was silly enough to stop in one day looking to buy some roti shells skins to go with the curry chicken i was cooking at home . supposedly had none ( ? ) and therefore couldnt wouldnt sell me any-fine , that happens . but the truly upsetting part was that , as i stood at the `` bar '' having this convo , the woman working there pulled out a rolled-up magazine that i can only assume is their idea of pest management and nonchalantly swatted not one but two cockroaches crawling on the bar in the 90 seconds my convo took ... ... and clearly did not find this odd . just ... .run ... .anywhere else ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had a lot of jerk in the city , and this is definitely the best so far ! as good as any i 've had touring ja as well stopped by yesterday on a whim just to get some jerk chicken and was shocked how good ! blows away a place like allwyn 's ( blogto 's # 1 in 2015 ) , the jerk joint , or ritz 's . unlike the previous reviewer , i saw no pests , the place was very clean , and service super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered an oxtail stew and jerk chicken for take out . it 's not fast food , and , it does n't taste like it either . excellent meal . glad i stopped by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know how everyone always jokes about having roaches in an asian kitchen always makes the food taste better ? it 's actually not that funny when you find some extra seasoning in your post hangover bowl of pho . most of us ordered a few variations of the same entree , pho . my friend , who was about half way done with his bowl , discovered an extra little ingredient in his bowl . a few of us kept eating because they were hungry , but i was pretty appalled because you know the soup is from the same pot . we quickly notified the manager and he was truly apologetic . i do think it 's an isolated incident but it needs to be noted because this pretty much ruined my appetite . the manager comped us the entire meal . 2 stars ... . ======================================================= i do have to say though , if there was no roach in the pho , it would have tasted pretty fantastic ... . almost little saigon westminster fantastic , so take it for what it 's worth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was in las vegas for a 4 day conference . this cured my pho jones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here because our favorite vietnamese restaurant was closed for 'electrical repairs . ' how crazy is that ? this restaurant was clean , the service was nice . do n't forget to check in so you can get your 2 free cha gio egg rolls , which were hot and crunchy , great wrapped in the greens with mint and the nuoc mam dipping sauce was fine ( not as flavorful as our fav place , but fine ) . i prefer the leafy green lettuce , but they used romaine . my usual grilled shrimp w grilled pork over vermicelli was ok , the pork a little overdone and chunky vs the thinner slices that are so much tender . our caramelized short ribs were good . i do n't recommend the clay pot caramelized fish unless you enjoy skimpy portions of fish in overcooked sugar sauce and you like spitting out the bones . yelpers gave this place a good rating , but i think 3 stars is generous and it 's because the interior was clean and the service friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while they have decent spring rolls , their pho broth is quite salty . it is flavorful , to be sure , but when you 're hungover from a night out , this is definitely not the broth you want to be drinking . the excess msg they add will worsen your hangover and leave you thirstier for the rest of the day . meat and noodles were good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . the owner was very kind and checked up on us a few times . we also got our free egg rolls for checking in on yelp . definitely coming back here , ca n't beat the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bummer . the quality has gone down . dirty floors when i came in last time , even though the restaurant was quiet . food , tracked in mud , and toothpcks were scattered all over . there was a portable air conditioner plugged in , in the corner , to compensate for a broken hvac . presumably due to the broken hvac , the place reeked strongly of spoiled fish sauce . another bit of bad news : the prices have gone up . almost $ 6.50 for an order of 4 eggrolls . the eggrolls were tasty still , but not worth the value . i noticed that the place was much emptier than previously . probably a reaction to all the above . waitstaff still friendly and attentive , though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came with a large group . this place was kinda empty . had a mildew odor . weird . service was really off . we basically had to grab alot of bowls , drinks and stuff from the waiters . we ordered pho deluxe , bun bo hue and both did not meet expectations . pho kinda taste bland and bun bo hue tasted like bun rieu ( a tomato base flavor rather a pungent spicy flavor of bun bo hue ) . the only plus was the rainbow ice . that was fresh and homemade . not scooped from a jar . banh mi was ok too . service is bad . food was below or mediocre . place had an odor which should have been our first sign to leave .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place , they offer thai tea for check in yelp people ! the price is so so but compare to what you get from the quality of food is in the middle 4 dishes = 54 $ tip 10 grand total 64 so for some people may be reasonable for some people might be expensive depend on perspective ( my father in law try their thai ice tea he got diarrhea : ( at least they should ask for lactose tolerate people", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go-to pho spot . plus their banh mi is fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service . pho # 7 was delicious . price was good . nice and clean . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you 're in vegas and want good vietnamese food , this is the spot . i 've had the pho , bun rieu , mi bo kho and so far so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super delicious ! ! ! every time when i 'm in vegas , pho is always a must and this is the place to enjoy some delicious pho !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came back for the bun rieu when i was in town and unfortunately , it no longer taste delicious . seems like they were trying to cut cost in replacing key ingredients with substitutes ; too bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have great sandwiches and 2 free egg rolls with a yelp check in ? yes please ! my only complaint is that the egg rolls were not up to par . they seemed to have a funny after taste and are not the typical vietnamese egg rolls i 'm used to eating . i have been to this restaurant twice . the food overall being good with good portion sizes . prices are on par and very reasonable . the service was good but i did have to wait a bit for more water .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quite good pho . the large size is truly large , hard to finish it without a good appetite . overall quick service and everything else was good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five star bun . four star spring rolls . three star bahn mi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for the food 3 stars for the service consistently good pho -- definitely one of the best i 've tried and good portion size too . the service kind of sucks ... you need to waive them down to order and they probably wo n't refill your water or tea when you finish . however , the food comes fairly quickly so at least you do n't have to stick around too long . i live in ny but the parents are in vegas and i have to come here at least once or twice every time i visit . come here for the food , ignore the bad service -- it is chinatown after all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe this place is new , because it 's pretty clean and the tableware looked new , too . service was good and you even get to speak to the co-owners family members of the restaurant . they speak chinese and vietnamese ( and english ) . good , but nothing too special of a vietnamese restaurant . came in for a brief lunch after driving into vegas . we were craving something healthy and decided to give this place a try . ordered their pork com tam with egg quiche and rice . very fresh and tasty . the small bowl of chicken broth with chopped green onions was also quite full of flavor . their `` magnificent '' chilled jasmine tea : this is good stuff ! you do n't have to ask for it ... they serve it to all of their customers . but this tea was refreshing . so $ 20 feeds for two here . not too bad . nice staff and great tea ! the tea was probably my favorite part about this place . anyway . lunch here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't quite give it 4 stars as much as i want to . pho did n't have enough tendon tripe and the broth was weak . wish it was hotter too : the pepper and veggies did n't cook as much as i like . to be fair , i 've had this complaint everywhere outside of a specific place in california . the recommended bun bo hue was much more interesting and i had n't had it before . the thai iced teas were pretty good but i like them a little stronger . there 's so many vietnamese pho spots around here that i probably wo n't be back even though the service was stellar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "egg rolls were good but dang , they are pricy for the same food we get here in los angeles", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service : 5 stars . very friendly owners who are super down to earth . the food : eh ! honestly its just another typical pho place at a very reasonable price . i used their check in offer ( two free eggrolls ! ) which were really good because it came with fish sauce , lettuce , and pickled carrots & daikon . another thing that i 've noticed is that almost everything is relatively clean which is something that i look for in every restaurant since it can be hard to come by sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful food ! we got hue bang and it was the best we 've ever had . check in on yelp to get complimentary egg rolls !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing too special . the meat , sauce , and noodle quality was all average . lots of msg !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bun bo hue used to be bomb here - not so much this last time i came here . gave them 4 stars for good service and hope it 'll get better from here ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's in las vegas china town so this place needs to step up it 's game on the tab free eggrolls - yummy and i love this type of wrapper . not the usual one pho - way too much star anise but the meat was delicious . however , portions are very small bun bo hue- the color was on point and meat ( again ) was delicious but unbelievably bland vietnamese coffee- terrible pros : lots of parking good nice service meats cons : portions always an ingredient off", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when looking for something other than the norm , consider central vietnam cookery . deep and warm . i was well taken care of as a single diner on an average mid-day . it was a departure from having the usual pho . ingredients were extra fresh and the service welcoming . i had never considered the central locale of vietnam ( typical american ignorance ) but was grateful to try it and was supplied with suggestions for future visits . had blood bun bun hue for the first time and it was just what i desired . rich red , spicy and perfect for the hangover . heard the bahn mi is to `` die for '' , as is the seafood rice noodle soup , a suggestion from one of the servers . let yourselves break from the typical pho cafes and give this spot a try . friendly and with room to breathe . business hours on the card say 10a-10p .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious pho broth , not too sweet and not to salty . just right . i ordered a large pho chin , which is the beef brisket , my favorite meat for pho . the owner was very helpful , and nice . got the free egg roll for checking in on yelp . happy to see it is made with rice paper , not wheat . highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here about 3 times customer service has always been great and food is delish ! ! also 2 free egg rolls if you check in that 's awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "22 minutes ... finally got orange juice . horrible service . still waitin on the shrimp salad . never coming back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was alright ... . nothing too special . i had a ban xeo and i believe i had better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are looking for some great vietnamese food just minutes off the strip then look no further . more specifically , these guys make awesome egg rolls . the venue itself was very clean and the service was more than fast and friendly . the portions were generous and the meal itself was inexpensive . best of all , its fresh food own an operated by vietnamese people . after a night of copious amounts of alcohol there 's nothing better than a hot bowl of pho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not terrible , but definitely not the best . coming from a viet , the quality and taste of their food is mediocre . banh xeo was dripping in oil and the rest of our meal tasted old . generous portions while the pricing was reasonable . went there on a quiet sunday afternoon and the place was empty and not very clean . great customer service made up for the lack of a pleasant meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "look , i 'm a chef and i own my restaurant . i drive across town every week rain or shine to go here . it 's literally the best the entire city and china town has to offer period . i do n't know what else i can say , other than i 'll see you there ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pho was okay not bad a little oil but not bad . nice that they were open for new years eve .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service .be in mesa forever.you lay for what you get.never had a problem in 11 years i dealing with the same workers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , bought a basic sign that had an issue and they took care of it and swapped it out no questions asked ! great service and very high quality custom neon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it used to be my favourite vietnamese restaurant but lately their dishes are not so good as they used to be . we used to come in often for pho ( we realized that veggie pho was the best - the most flavourful ) and their fresh avocado rolls with peanut sauce were divine ... well , not anymore . our last few visits left us disappointed as the pho was missing taste - no salt , no flavour and avocado rolls barely had any avocado in it . i mean , they used to be full of avocado- so delicious . but now it 's mostly noodles ... no , thanks . and once the avocado was all brown and ugly , i had to ask for another portion . will look for new place . maybe their chef changed , not sure what happened here ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing and excellent . not sure where leesa 's 1 star review is coming from but she 's a hater and whats with the racist white references lol . the other negative reviews are just not true . the food here is fresh , tasty and im sorry but going to chinatown is sometimes a crap shoot and there is great pho all over the city and the pho at back ky is worth a visit and try . the place is cozy , well decorated and at least is n't dodgy like some other pho places . stop being haters bad reviewers and grow up . this place rocks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great for smoothies . ok - bear with me for a second . yes , this bac ky serves pho . yes , they have an unreal location on king st. west . yes , they have hilarious chalk signs in front at almost all hours of the day ... and yes , i did say smoothies . bac ky 's smoothie selection is great . despite being known for vietnamese food , their menu offers a wide variety of fresh and healthy smoothies that are great on the go . my work has made our trips somewhat of a smoothie routine , and i would highly suggest you do the same . if you 're looking for a healthy alternative to your morning frappuccino or are curious to see what kind of smoothies are available at a pho place - definitely check this place out . p.s . their bar server is a gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good , i had the beef pho . i 'm not a huge pho connoisseur but i liked it . wife and cousin has vermicelli , looked better than my pho . feel as though there may have been some offal , nondescript meat products to be sure . i would return", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go to pho spot when i 'm downtown . you pay before eating but that makes leaving easier . i have tried the vegan pho & tom yum soup , both awesome . the small is a good portion if you 're looking to have no leftovers . affordable with fast service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new and promising . aimed at local residents as one of the few asian offerings on king w , for lunch , after work or post-gym take away . more like a home made joint with cool music and that backpacker vibe , than a destination restaurant with iconic food . i had the b\u00fcn which was ok , but light in the meat portions . spirng rolls were awesome though - packed with lots of chicken . they do vege protein shakes too with fresh ingredients mixed in front of you . hopefully they can up their game in the portion sizes , originality of offerings , and a broader range of menu items . right now , it may be too soon to tell .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "despite the higher prices , this used to be our go-to place for a quick viet fix . after tonight 's dinner , we 're reconsidering ... we have n't gone there for a couple of months . something definitely changed ... for the worse . the takeout tonight was simply disappointing . we had the rice with extra meat . the rice looked old and rough . the meat was overcooked and chewy . we also had the bun with pork slices . the rice noodles were uncooked hence hard to chew on . the spring roll seemed like it was reheated . overall just very underwhelming ... the only redeeming thing ... staff are still very friendly hence the 2 stars ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i did not have the pho like others so i can not comment on the pho . but viet food is more than just pho . what we did try : bun rieu 4 5 less salt , less meat , and less egg than the norm . overall theyre just going healthier with their recipe . it can use more egg , like the whole bowl should be covered with that tasty egg on top bun with pork slice 5 5 it 's excellent , the pork tastes great , the spring rolls are pretty tasty . it 's a great dish . but their fish sauce needs maybe more sugar and vinegar . matcha mango smoothie 4 5 it tastes like matcha.. with mango.. and some small pieces of mango sunk to the bottom . note : you order and pay before you get the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , passionate , and knowledgeable people working the shop . a good selection of fresh fish , scallops , oysters and the like ( depending on availability ) . loved the coast-to-coast `` guided tour '' i got during a lull in traffic of the various seafood they had on offer . product is brought in on a regular basis and it seems the sell-through is pretty quick right now , so things are n't sitting in the case very long . ask questions ! they are happy to answer where each fish comes from . the only farmed fish in the case when i was there was trout from a farm near collingwood that raises the food they feed the trout ( do n't quote me on that - i was eavesdropping at the time ) . i took home a pickerel fillet ( from the southern basin of lake huron ) and some diver-caught scallops ( gulf of mexico ) . the scallops were especially sweet and delicious . a really welcome addition to leslieville .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you should go here . you should stop letting others cook your fish . you should talk to these guys . you should learn a thing or two . bc mussels , they got that . steamed up lobsters , yeah that 's there . they got piquillo peppers sealed up in a can . they 've got a lot of stuff i think you should buy . they 've got fresh sturgeon , which looks grey but tastes great . `` it 's like veal '' , one guy said . i agree , but this was n't as cute . why you eating cute things , anyway ? eat ugly , delicious sturgeon instead . it 's pricey but omega 3s . right ? you ca n't just get them from eggs . i like these guys . i 've only been twice but i like them , suddenly . they sell ramps too , other seasonal things . some of them are ex-cooks . they stopped so you could start : cooking . so get over there and buy their stuff . it 's extremely perishable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute shop ! not cheap , mind you , but good ! i bought sea asparagus there . i had never even heard of sea asparagus before , but i went with it and had it with some of their smoked salmon and their garlic tartar sauce , and it was incredible . everything they sell looks amazing . totally worth checking out if you 're strolling along queen e. in leslieville .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an excellent place for fresh seafood . the staff are fantastic ; very knowledgeable and enthusiastic . every single person has some sort of culinary experience or knowledge . we tried some seared tuna and oysters . the oysters are very fresh and the tuna melted in your mouth . very high quality . they also hold cooking classes right in their location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a remarkably good fish store with a wide selection of well presented fish . however , i think the jewel in this store 's crown is actually the selection of locally grown vegetables . all manner of common and unusual garnishes , herbs and tubers . you know when you can tell that a group of vegetables were grown by the same person because they have a certain care , appearance and taste in common ? they have something really special here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that 's it , i wo n't get fish anywhere else . i do n't know much about seafood but their quality versus the big stores ( eg . lawblaws ) does n't compare . i love the regularly imported salmon from bc . the staff are very knowledgeable . they explain the source of each product , give you different cooking options and they do n't try to upsell you on more expensive stuff . i 've shopped here several times and i wo n't be buying fish anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year my wife and i spent a weekend at a collingwood resort very close to georgian bay , a lake which carries an abundance of lake trout and pickerel , which i have fished for in the past . that evening thinking the fish was local i decided to order the pickerel and upon asking my server , she quietly admitted the fish is not local , it 's brought in frozen from abroad . fail ! last week i went to hooked for the first time an i was very impressed with the friendly staff and service , they are very knowledgeable on how and where the fish are caught . i ended up buying speckled trout from the collingwood area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very knowledgeable and friendly staff . i bought a whole branzino here . when i got it , its eyes were clear and not yet sunken or clouded . the fish was very fresh and had no smell . i cooked it in parchment on the bbq with lemon , onions , and herbes de provence . it was magical ! it was a light and flavourful white fish . my sweet kitty cat was especially thankful for the skin . my not big on fish husband was thrilled too . i also bought curry fish sausages here . i 'm not sure what i was thinking . they were pretty gross and i came across some bones . i 'll pass on those next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love everything about the place ! from the staff that gives you the right advise to the fresh fish , veggies and other products . this is now my official shop for all fish 's . if you try it once you will never be able to buy from the supermarket again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought some salmon here and it was delicious i compared it to the st lawrence market and it seems hooked is not as a expensive and tastier the staff are very friendly and nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sampled smoked salmon at hooked on a food tour today and the quality and taste of the fish blew my mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhh , love this little gem in lesliville - great service and selection of sustainable fish . 3 stars is for the price - way too expensive than diana seafood", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this shop is super cute , and what a novel idea ! i like that they tell you exactly where the fish is from . that 's kind of neat , and you do n't get that kind of service at a lot of places . i think the prices are ok , they 're pretty competitive , fish is n't that cheap to begin with . the staff are super friendly and provide you with suggested portion sizes and ways to prepare . this is definitely worth the visit . even if you 're not a seafood lover ... maybe you 'll be converted : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fresh seafood you can buy and all sustainable - ca n't beat it ! they 're really knowledgeable and always have a great selection . they also have amazing dips , spreads and marinades . this place never disappoints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hi everyone , i 've been shopping here for about a month . each time i receive the best service and knowledgable staff . this location has the best quality fish and seafood each cleaned and ready to eat from sea to dish . i regularly buy the calamari , the mussels from bc , sole , lake bass , frozen octopus and the quality is 100 out of 100 . i made a bold purchase and bought a frozen atlantic octopus which was only a massive tentacle . i failed and did n't cook it properly . if anyone knows the best way to cook thick atlantic tentacles , please let me know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been back since my first two disastrous attempts and must admit that things are just fine now ... prompt , knowledgable and friendly service topped by the best possible quality makes me want to forget my past experiences ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is seafood heaven . there is a fantastic selection and wide price range of fish and shellfish , all sustainably caught , fresh and delicious . you can get anything from cheap mussels and squid to a prized fillet of sablefish . the all-year-round , previously frozen sushi grade mackerel is a personal favourite . if you do n't know what you want , the staff will help you choose . if you want something prepared ( shucked , filleted , deboned , portioned , etc ) , the staff will help with that too . they are real fish mongers , the opposite of what you encounter behind the counter at loblaws . in addition to fish , the store also stocks a carefully curated selection of inspired sauces , seasonings , fresh breads , local veggies and other fish-appropriate accompaniments . worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean location , great seating areas inside and outside . lots of flavor a to pick and combos to make . toppings galore ! my favorite ? grape with gummy bears or grapes and sour patch kids ! maybe slightly pricey but i still think it 's a good value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm usually a fan of menchies but this location , not so much . we went there for a second time last night . the cashier was kind of snotty and they were out of a few toppings . their ice cream flavors were good but they put them side by side to create combos which created some very odd combos in my opinion . the location was clean and , as always , very tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we usually venture to solon , but today we went to the macedonia location and we had a wonderful experience . it was peaceful , clean and kenzie working at the counter was so friendly and kind . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been buying bikes , biking gear , and bike servicing here since i was a child . the owner , bob , provides excellent service . he 's super friendly and competent and will go the extra mile to make sure customers are educated about their purchases and satisfied with them . i 'm riding goba this year , and i did n't want to ship my bike from reno . bob tuned up an older bike at my parents ' house for me , and i 'm ready to conquer some miles . sure , eddy 's in stow is bigger , but i recommend going here instead .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local bike shop . my usually place did n't have the tool in stock that i needed , but i ran over to wheel and wrench and they had it waiting for me ( i called ahead ) . it was a couple of dollars more than what it was on amazon , but i 'll pay an extra $ 2 to avoid waiting two days and wasting a weekend of riding . i ca n't speak to much of anything else , but seems like a really nice place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this local bike shop ! this is where we always get my kids bikes fixed ! they are always quick to repair and the prices are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my `` go to '' shop for all my reptile needs . as far as i know it 's the only one in the gta . the owners and staff are great and very knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good prices on feeders , but otherwise they do n't keep their animals in good conditions . more often than not , their habitats for the animals in the store are crappy and not appropriate at all . tanks are often very dirty and filled with feces ( from multiple days for sure ) . also i 've found that while they are sincerely trying to help you , they lack a lot of knowledge about animal care . you 're better off finding a group on facebook specific to your pet to find proper information from .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "come here to shop for my snakes . since i 'm relatively new to the hobby , i will always cross check my research with the great staff members . i always feel comfortable bringing my snakes in for the staff to either sex them , weigh them or give me advice . i buy my mice from here at a great price , love coming in to see different things to buy for my snakes and of course love being greeted by soleil : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here on a regular basis for my crickets . they are cheaper than pjs pet centre and they always have stock in . this place has a variety of reptiles for sale and all the supplies you could need to make your pet comfortable and healthy . the staff here is very friendly . they are cool people to talk to , and very helpful and knowledgeable ! ! i totally recommend this place ! ! only word of caution is if you are not a fan of dogs , if you do n't like dogs barking at you , then be aware that sometimes the owners dog who is allowed to run loose in the store will rush you or bark at you or being lying in the way of customers getting around the store . kind of annoying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i knew this place was here ! the service is way better than big al 's , further down on kennedy , but the equipment is more geared towards terrariums rather than aquariums . ontario college of teachers members get 15 % off", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for ceviche , not a paleta . next time ! it was a very generous portion and you get to choose from two different fish . on the day i went , the choices were trout and a tilapia . i chose trout and it was quite refreshing . my only complaint is that the fish is not as soft underdone as i like my ceviche to be . the lime juice does quite of work `` cooking '' the fish , so the flavours are excellent , but my personal preference would be for less time sitting in the marinade so there 's still a softness to the fish . there also were rounds of octopus , plus plenty of cucumber and tomato , making for a very summery dish . the blue corn tostadas on the side were a great vehicle for scooping and eating . the place is super cute on the inside and outside . if it 's summer in kensington you want a seven lives taco-like dish without waiting forever , a ceviche will suffice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so far , i 've had the prickly pear paleta , watermelon paleta , dole whip , passion fruit sorbet and vanilla soft serve . everything is delicious ! i love that most of the treats are made with real fruit , you can definitely tell . i 'm not vegan , but enjoy that almost everything on the menu here is dairy-free . the passion fruit and dole whip are perfection . my favorite so far ! they remind me of our honeymoon in maui , and the fresh , cool flavours are perfect on a hot day . or any day ! ca n't wait to try the horchata con tuna ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seven lives paleteria brings rays of tropical sunshine to the corner of kensington & baldwin . bright and warm in every conceivable manner ( except for the assortment of ice cold treats they sell ) , it 's the perfect place to go for a pick-me-up that 's easy on the pocket . popsicles , soft serve , and refreshing drinks make for a complete menu to choose from . the emphasis here is on flavour combinations . if slightly sour tropical fruits are n't your thing , aim for a more traditional item like cookies & cream . the seven lives brand has become a staple in the market and this newly opened location is no exception . there 's plenty to explore and the staff here are upbeat and welcoming , as usual . delicious is the only way i can describe everything i 've tried here , and curiosity will definitely have me coming back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was extremely excited to try out this place after seeing photo upon photo of their colorful popsicles and ice cream selections . however , upon waiting and trying out three of their popsicles - i 'm a little underwhelmed . the coconut flavor was decent , however i found the fruity selections a bit on the sour side which made for a bitter end to an otherwise decent popsicle . though the popsicles are pretty , they 're perhaps not worth the $ 3~ each ... maybe next time i 'll try out the ice cream instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh my goodness . i came here on a hot summer day and the line across the street at the seven lives tacos was not appealing to me . instead , we settled for the paletas here and i am so glad we did ! to be honest , i was n't expecting much , just something sweet and cold that will quench my thirst . i got the strawberry and grapefruit while my friend got the mango and tanjin ? ( do n't fully recall ) . regardless we were both so happy with our paletas . i loved that it tasted so fresh and there were even small chunks of strawberry in mine . would definitely come back here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't beat having a pina colada in a form of ice cream on a hot summer day . it was amazing and you seldom find such a nice blend of pineapple ice cream , with coconut shavings that 's balanced and sweet enough without overpowering the taste . thumbs up although there 's no place to sit . just make sure you have cash !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried their strawberry tangerine popsicle here . it was n't good since you can rarely taste the strawberry or tangerine flavours . did n't seem like they used fresh juice to make it . the flavour was diluted and it seems like there was a lot of sugar added . the popsicle was also very icy . it has huge ice crystals inside . i felt like it was really poor quality for the price . you might as well buy a box from the grocery store instead . a better choice would be to go for the dole whip . it tastes similar to the ones you find in disney world . the pineapple juice was refreshing and the pineapple soft serve was pretty good . +1 star for the dole whip . i 've also tried the manganda , it did n't match my tastebuds too much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "although the presentation was beautiful , we found the popsicles mediocre . tried the watermelon kiwi and a berry one that had a bit of a spice to it . both were good , but i ca n't say either of us would rush back for them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really wanted to go check it out . really wanted to try the ceviche and dole whip , but we tried to go 3 times and found them closed each time . first time was a friday just after 7 pm - we thought they 're open till 8 , because that 's what it says online . closed . okay , sure , no problem , will try again later . go on a monday early afternoon . whoops , turns out they 're closed mondays and tuesdays . so we wait until wednesday . try again wednesday evening , turns out they 're closed again at 7 . not sure why their hours online say till 8 , do n't make mention of being closed on mondays and tuesdays , and do n't publish their number . wo n't be trying again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been addicted to this place since it opened . after reading about their opening and the fact that they offered a selection of vegan mexican inspired ices and some vegan soft serve i knew i had to try it . love , love , love their pineapple soft serve . it is the perfect treat on a hot , humid , muggy day and having a pineapple float really is the cherry on top .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not waste your calories and cheat meals on seven lives . their tacos across the street are some of the best but unfortunately their dessert is seriously lacking in flavour . the cookies and cream popsicle was such a milky disappointment . they were nice enough to exchange it . tried the soft serve and that did n't fare much better . i would go with any of the many other options in the area instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is based on the one popsicle i tried here . it was watermelon kiwi and was so loaded with sugar i felt sick after eating just a third of it . by the homemade look of the popsicle i thought they were made of frozen blended fruit . i was wrong . imo they need to work on their fruit to sugar ratios . service was friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the dole whip soft serve . it was good , different but good ! it almost reminded me of sorbet . very refreshing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the passion fruit cheese cake is yummy ! definitely going back to try the other flavours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by randomly after seing the big `` ceviche '' sign painted on the window . hubby and i love ceviche and have been dying to find a place that can make a decent one like in mexixo . tried their mixto ceviche and it was great ! the staff were very friendly . the service was fast . the portion was good . and the food delicious . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sister to seven lives across the street ( best tacos in toronto ) . unreal ceviche . great sorbet . reasonable prices . outstanding service . extremely personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this paletas in kensignton market are so delicious and fresh different kinds of flavours , the mangonada is the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always try the ceviche and the carnitas ! =d always my go-to ! however , the baha is pretty nice as well as the squid ! = ) be prepared for long lineups !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the hibiscus & chamoy popsicle and pineapple soft serve . both were amazing and quenched our thirst after a long and hot day . xd", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a hot day when we stumbled upon this gem in kensington . i 've had their amazing tacos across the street before , so getting a tasty frozen treat was a no brainer and i was not disappointed . i had a horchata with spiky pearl sorbet . it was the perfect blend of the flavors to cool me down on a hot summer day . i definitely recommend it . next time i am going to try one of their popsicles . the prices are reasonable . $ 5 and below .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the gelato is good : coconut lime , guava , prickly pear and papaya and lime ... they had just churned it in house . i sampled the vegan soft serve and would not recommend ... served as a base to their more elaborate creations ( e.g . mangonada or horchata con tuna ) , it could be forgivable . the paletas are pretty refreshing and the pops of colour make me happy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried their mango sorbet and banana walnut ice cream and found the flavours to be good . the banana walnut ice cream was flavourful . i tried a sampler for prickly pear but i found that to be not so appealing on my taste buds ! i will definitely go back there to check out what else they got there to offer for sure : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was good i had the horchata sweet little spot friendly staff but remember it 's cash only", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this ice cream shop is the sister shop of seven lives tacos across the street . they have a range of flavored popsicles and assorted ice cream and sorbet flavors . a lot of their flavors are really unique ! my friend and i tried the avocado ice cream , passion fruit ginger sorbet , and prickly pear sorbet . we decided on splitting two scoops of the avocado ice cream but i wish we had bigger stomachs so we could try more . their popsicles looked really good . they also have horchata and some cool sundaes and shaved ices on the menu . i 'd definitely come back again to try their other flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've tried the mango con chile and the dulce de leche paleta . both of them were very tasty . the mango con chile flavor is a pretty unique flavor that can be found on mexican sweets . it is sweet , tangy and a bit spicy , very comparable to what i 've had in mexico . most likely i 'll come back for this one particular flavor . it is quite yummy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we found this place by chance , a boy are we fans . my wife and i were out with her family eating at the dirty bird which is across the street . while we waited for the others to finish their food , we went outside to get some fresh air . out of the corner of her eye , she noticed this place . we didnt have time to stop by that day , but came back the following afternoon . what an excellent decision that was . they have quite the variety of popsicles ranging from something simple like strawberry cream to something more unique like hibiscus chamoy . we went for the watermelon kiwi and loved it . will probably come back here if i am ever in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seven lives is my favourite taco place in town , so i was excited to try their dessert restaurant across the street . ordered the mangonada ( $ 5 ) , it is a little different than what you would expect in a dessert ( slightly sour and spicy ) but i found that made the dessert more refreshing as it was n't overly sweet . service was quick despite a line . i would go back to try their other desserts if i was in the area , but unlikely to go specifically hunting for their desserts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love their tacos , and have walked by the paleteria several times the past few weeks without stepping inside . all that changed during a particularly hot pedestrian sunday in kensington market , and i walked in to give the popsicles a shot . i got the dolce de leche , my cohort the cookies & cream . upon taking our first bites we agreed that both our selections lacked flavour . in fact we may as well been sucking on ice cubes . i expect ice cream ( in any form ) to be sweet , with an immediate blast of flavour but these were just. , well ... bland . total letdown , but at least i 've put my curiosity to rest . a fudgesicle from the local variety store would 've satisfied more . fortunately there are lots of other options close by for ice cream .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh the dole whip ... heaven in a cup & the horchata is also delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you decide to go to seven lives for their amazing tacos , of course it 'd make sense to go across the street and try their frozen goods at the paleteria . that 's exactly what i did a couple days ago on a hot day . i saw many people mention the dole whip on yelp , and this review will be based on solely this highly-mentioned dessert . for $ 4 the portion was immense ! it suppressed my icecream cravings for the rest of the day and was extremely filling . it tastes exactly like the dole pineapple snack packs in the plastic cup all blended up with a yogurt-y creaminess . if you 're all about it , it 's the perfect dessert for you . however , i found it way too sweet and overpowering . i got sick of the flavour after 2 bites , and really needed water to wash it down . the texture though was rich and creamy which i liked . i might come back to try their popsicles and sorbets instead and hopefully can end my experience here on a more positive note .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friend and me shared a pineapple soft serve . it was soooo good ! the interior of the place is also adorable and homey . would totally come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the fact that paletas finally came to toronto . they are definitely refreshing and delicious especially with the hot days ahead of us . i recommend to come during the week , since it can be very busy during the weekend . i had the opportunity to try the lime and prickly pear paleta . they were both delicious , it did not taste artificial at all since most of their products are made with real fruit . most of their products are also dairy free which is a great alternative compared the other ice creams shops out there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "refreshing on a hot day ! we both enjoyed what we had ; vanilla soft serve w mango juice & coconut shavings and horchata w the prickly pear tequila sorbet . fun to see some new dessert styles on the scene . those 2 together cost about $ 9", "score": "4"}
{"review": "deliciousness ! super refreshing and most stuff is n't overly sweet like most places . must visit when in kensington for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sad that the taco shop was closed over the holidays but managed to try the cerviche here which is a plus ! huge portion for my dc and me , we got the mix . the seafood tasted fresh , not chewy . the flavors were simple but amazing and the sauce on the counters really complimented it . decor was bright and cool and service was great : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was perfect ! what i appreciated was that they had a vegan cookies and cream paleta and it completely made my day . it was coconut based and insanely delicious . as a vegan i do n't want sorbet when i 'm craving something creamy and chocolatey so this was awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while waiting for the line for the tacos to wind down , we came here . we got the dole whip float and fruit loop popsicle . the pineapple tart to sweet balance was perfect . the fruit loop popsicle was refreshing but tastes mostly like coconut milk with little hints of fruit loops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 stars for the paletas here . they have an impressive selection of flavours , from creamy to fruity . i love coming here for a refreshing sweet pick me up - i can easily scarf two of these down . the softserves looked impressive but tastewise , were n't for me . i highly recommend stopping by if you 're in the area ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "right across the street from seven lives tacos ! they hand make their popsicles and the pineapple dole whip is to die for . when i came there was no line up and they staff were pleasant and knowledgeable . i tired the dulce de leche popsicle as well . it was super creamy and rich . i would definitely stop by again to try the different flavour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad this opened in kensington market ! i tried the fruit loop flavour and it was delightful . i will definitely come back when i am in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lineup was insane and everyone told me , do n't worry , it goes quickly , and they were right ! i had the pistachio popsicle because you ca n't go wrong with pistachio . it was delicious . the people i was with got other flavours and all of us were satisfied . i would totally go back and try other popsicle falvours or the ice cream . definitely a solid option for a hot day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "messed up on appointment time . i had specifically requested a 6pm appointment . they had booked for me for 4pm instead . tried to do damage control after the fact , but just poor customer service in general . posted a comment on their facebook page , and it was removed the same day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you want to have your dog groomed from a proffessional , this is the place . very friendly and accommodative staff . they are never in a rush to finish the grooming . always do more than what is expected . overall a great place . would recommend to all my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just an update to my previous review - this place is my go to but they really need to work on their professionalism , etiquette and customer service skills while answering the phone . it sounds like they 're doing me a favour by booking me in - not cool . i actually cringe when i have to call in because they 're always so abrupt . i know you guys are busy but please do n't take your frustrations out on your customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there website advertised a loyalty program but no such thing when i asked . also , they gave me dog a bald spot on her tummy and i did n't find out until i brought her home . they do a decent cut , but nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to sum , that 's the canadian starbucks ; ) it is ok and you can find it everywhere in toronto - just like starbucks . but once you go inside the menu is quite different . they have loads of beverage options and tons of donuts . many of them . i loved it . prices are alright and the coffee is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location . across the street from eaton centre . but no free wifi and donut hole choices are limited . tim hortons is still such a great joint to pick up a hot cup of coffee . such as half-and-half ( half chocolate and half coffee ) , double-double ( double cream and double sugar ) or box of timmies ( donut holes ) . there are so many tim hortons in toronto , it is hard not to try them . there are more tim hortons than starbuck 's x 5 . the coffee is always fresh and it is always great place to grab a quick bite . price is super super super affordable and coffee is always hot hot hot . also , quick bites are quick and affordable . with variety of donuts , variety of donut holes , variety of breakfast items , and variety of sandwich and soup items . the convenience and consistency of tim horton 's food and drinks are amazing and make it to my toronto must-try list for usa visitors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible . i 'm on break at class . 7th floor of ted rogers building . 2 people behind counter but 1 is cleaning . there are over 20 people standing in line .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love mexican food . be it upscale , street food , or even tex mex . this place was not good ... even if given the choice to be in any category . the beans and rice were pretty bland , nothing special . i ordered carnitas and it was pretty terrible . it was not recognizable as meat , just dry greasy bits . it was clear that it was cooked , then reheated on a flat top with a ton of oil . not to mention the fact that they did not trim the meat very well before cooking because there was a lot of gristle . the only good part was the tortilla .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . raw tortillas and cold food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live next door to this place so i eat there from time to time . everything is overly deep fried , i get horrid heart burn after i eat there . the chips and salsa are really good though , had a good fresh taste to it and solid hotness . i 'd stay away from the tacos though , they were horrible , reminded me of a taco bell hard taco , very plain and generic . their hot sauces were watered down to the point that it was noticeable and not very hot or tasty . the rice and beans are also sub par in my opinion . i guess for a small taco shop this place is nothing more then ok , but their are better options with in a few miles .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waited 30 minutes for a burrito . with no lines and four people working . they forgot my order . avoid this place at all cost if you want quality service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "maybe this was an off day for los favoritos ... but whatever the case i wo n't be giving it a second chance . because of all the raving reviews for their breakfast burritos we decided to try them . i have never had a burrito more gross than the one i ate this morning . stale tortilla , greasy potatoes , bland flavor . everything was bland ; the salsa , guacamole , beans . we were both so disappointed . it was like eating a flavorless brick . the customer service was subpar as well . the lady at the front counter was rude to us and would n't even offer a smile or greeting . again , maybe this was an off day but i was sorely disappointed . i want a burrito with flavor , freshness and excellent salsa . phoenix , help me out- where does this exist ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the best breakfast burrito i 've tried in my 21 1 2ish years i have been on this planet ! and i am a tough judge . i generally only eat breakfast if it 's really worth it . no time to cook before school can only mean limp boring toast or cereal . i 'd rather skip straight to the coffee . when i have time to make something , breakfast burritos are at the top of my list ! i 'm a pretty good cook , but nothing i could ever make would compare to favoritos . i used to order the ham & cheese burrito and have since mixed in the chorizo burrito . they are great ! filled with eggs , meat , potatoes , onions and a great blend of spices all wrapped up in a doughy tortilla . they also will give me as much hot sauce as i need , which is usually a couple tubs . i would go far more often if i lived closer ! i still pretend i am a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the lengua burrito and a horchata . they were a little slow on the service , but granted i came in a large group and they seemed somewhat overwhelmed . the lengua was nice and soft , but i kind of wished it came with beans and rice inside the burrito . the lady also only gave me one container of each salsa ( red and green ) and would n't give me more , which would have been nice to have with the rest of my burrito . horchata was pretty good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm tired of the guessing game with this place . the food is great but they never open on time or bother answering their phone for to go orders . they claim to open at 6am , it 's 7:05 and the doors are locked .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow the reviews were not lying ! i just killed their breakfast burrito . honestly i think its the best i have ever had ! also i paid $ 4 bucks for this amazing burrito .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "los favs is my go-to spot for when i 'm craving quick mexican food . the food comes out within 5-10 minutes . i always get the bacon breakfast burrito ( $ 5 ) or the carne asada california ( $ 6 ) . the carne asada fries are also a great option . the portions on the food is a good amount . i can barely finish a whole burrito and often have a little bit left over . do n't forget to try their sauces ! the red sauce is definitely my favorite out of the two because it has more kick to it . overall , los favs is a great option for when you do n't want to break the bank on some delicious mexican food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've come here a couple times now and the quality of service and food has steadily declined . had the famed breakfast burrito finally . it was charred beyond recognition and when i went to return it and i was treated horribly by the girl in the front . not coming again . this is no longer my favorite taco shop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tip : you can choose any meat for the jumbo burrito , which is a whopping ~20-24 inches long . for ~ $ 9 , it comes with meat , mexican rice , cheese , pinto beans , and some guacamole that is not all that bad . i chose pollo asada for my jumbo burrito and was n't all impressed with it . the chicken was n't that flavorful , and even though i had n't eaten a full meal all day i was only able to finish barely half of it . i planned on saving it for the next day , but i ended up not even finishing it because the flavor was so bland . i would recommend carne asada jumbo burrito , since a lot of my friends got the that for their jumbo burrito and gladly finished it . service : i came with a large group ( ~20 people ) , so the wait is kind of long . probably shorter with less people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great cheap mexican food . not greasy and made fresh . california burrito and super nachos are excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there on a wednesday around 11pm . ordered chicken taco and carne asada fries . it was good . the fries were crispy and the asada had great flavor . would definitely go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh . my . goodness . since i 'm vegetarian , i can only get a bean and cheese burrito ( yes , i know the beans are made of lard ) . but i still love this place ! + prices are cheap ! good , cheap mexican food always sounds good to me . - location . kind of hidden , hard to find . + horchata . yes , mmm , horchata . it 's really , really good here . + better than filly b 's by far . just the right amount of beans and cheese in a warm but moist tortilla . heaven in a wrapper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely one of the best spots in tempe for a breakfast burrito ! not the fastest but definitely worth the wait , plus they 're cooking your food so if you ca n't wait a few minutes for a hot meal hit a fast food chain . must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really slow service . they might have been killing the pig to make my chorizo burrito .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "los favs is an amazing cheap mexican place . i go there more than i should . the girls that work the register are all very kind and i have never once had an order that came out incorrectly . the carne asada burrito and carne nachos supreme are my favorites . their breakfast burritos are the best i 've had ( i 'm a ham fan ) and their tacos are also delicious . a great place for anyone looking for inexpensive mexican food that tastes authentic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in a city overrun by mexican fast food , one taco shop must have the huevos to stand above the rest ... their hours are n't as friendly to the late night crowd as say , filiberto 's , nor is their kitchen as fast , but los favoritos ' food blows them away . food is cheap , and the lack of decor means you end up staring at other patrons , but los favoritos is always clean and the people taking your order are friendly enough . for fast mexcian food , los favoritos is as good as it gets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "los favs is my go to late night snack spot . it 's cheap but delicious with good quality ingredients . the green sauce is great on everything ! my favorite thing to get here is the breakfast burrito . the cashiers at the front are always so sweet and friendly . the only downside is the atmosphere ; it looks a little shabby but do n't let that fool you , the food is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ugh . no . the place was cheap , i 'll give it that . the food came out after a reasonable wait and the portion size was decent . but the food itself did n't taste like anything . just super-bland . also , the place could use some air-conditioning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for authentic , keep driving . i 've never had anything here that remotely wowed me , and i 've tried their chain several times . i should have realized this was going to happen too , when everyone who recommended it thought filliberto 's is good . just because you see the red and green sauces in the little plastic ketchup bottles that remind you of your last trip to san diego does n't mean it 's authentic . it 's good for white suburbanites , i 'll give them that much , but then again , so is san diego . one word : gringo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little mexican food place . food is fresh and tasty and is a serious step above many other places in tempe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this place was open late and we swung through for a burro and some nachos . everything was pretty standard and comparable to a filiberto 's or a roliberto 's or one of those 'berto 's taco shops . everything was pretty basic and standard , had a nice garlic flavor in the beans , but maybe nachos is n't the thing to get . they were just bad . poorly proportioned and the cheese was just a cold glob shook on the sides . the chips were all soggy in the center and there were hardly any toppings . i might give it another try , but probably not . i guess it 's better than 'berto 's ! ca n't expect much from a place like this i suppose but hey , it 's a good spot for a bean burro !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is ok ... little pricey for what you get ... only reason i go is because it 's super close to where i live..i always get a not so good vibe from any of the girls at the front . no smiles and they all appear to hate there job ! smile ... at least ! ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like this place . i have had their fish tacos , chiladas , tacos , chicken burrito , carne asada , quesadilla , breakfast burritos , salsas . and nothing is bad . i mean really , they are pretty damn tasty . i love their breakfast burritos . they actually have good flavor ! the decor is n't special but they do a good job of keeping the place clean . good spot to get some tasty food . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burritos ever . very clean . brenda who was taking orders was very polite . love me some bacon breakfast burritos : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best burrito in the east valley ! fav 's is always consistent and their prices are excellent ! my standard meal is a california carne asada burrito , it comes with the most tender carne asada i 've ever had . also , their green and red sauce is a step above the competition , and they have great mexican rice , it comes with peas and carrots ! guac is exceptional , and they also have really tasty breakfast burritos that are available all day . five stars for being consistent , clean and for having pleasant and professional employees ! one more thing is that they close at midnight except for sunday when they close at 10 . bummer but still the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hair in food , cold tortillas and powdered drinks . this is not right . and the staff is rude , the plaza is very ghetto and sketchy at night , plus eating there is a risk with their very outdated , dirty tables . too many other choices , so i will never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decently priced and quality . i tried the chicken burrito with chips and salsa . everything was super fresh . even the chips were fried fresh . very happy with my meal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a few times and i ca n't say that i 've ever been blown away by it . granted , i typically am only ever here right before they close up ( 10pm for a taco shop ? lame . ) , but there are other taquerias that i definitely get more excited about . i still enjoy coming here and love the burritos , but i would recommend giving some other taco shops a shot before swearing your allegiance to los favs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the chorizo breakfast burrito was the saving grace that could cover some of the stink from past experiences . however their combo plates are pretty average as in filiberto 's in a dining hall setting average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular at los favs but this location is not as good as the chandler gilbert ahwatukee locations . if the address was any of those locations i 'd easily get 5 stars . i feel like this place is a bit dirtier and smellier than the other locations and the overall quality just is n't as good . do n't get me wrong though , i still love me some los favs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped going here after getting numerous egg shells in my burritos ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place for its cost and food ! i order the taco salad with ground beef instead of shredded beef and it is always delicious . i also enjoyed their carne asada fries . my co-worker enjoyed a massive burrito , i definitely recommend trying them out . they also are open late which is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had almost one of everything off of their menu and have yet to be disappointed ! the staff is very very nice , and the food is great . one of my favorites is the shredded beef torta ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best breakfast burritos ever ! ! ! ! ! they take phone orders which is amazing if you just want to pick up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good things i can say are this place is a little better than filiberto 's , and they have tamales . other than that , the food , ambiance , and service are just average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "carne asada burrito or bean and cheese burrito is where it 's at . i moved away from arizona four years ago and i still think about eating those burritos . one day i will reunite with my first loves !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted street tacos and i did n't think that i had been to los favoritos before so i stopped here on my way home a few nights ago . i walked in and the person at the counter was taking a call so i patiently waited for a few minutes . i had a change of pace and decided to get a burrito instead of tacos with some horchata . waited not too long and i got my order . once i got home and started eating , i realized that i did n't think that i had been there before because it 's pretty forgettable . maybe i 'm not getting the right thing ? but i can think of a few places that are better for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had the bacon breakfast burritos : yum ! the bacon was crispy , the tortilla tasted homemade and the ratio of bacon to potato to cheese was perfect . these are the best breakfast burritos we 've had in a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by for two red chili burritos around 1pm on a saturday . they were out of red so i ordered green . as i waited and saw a few small groups of customers after me receive there order before me i asked for my order and the cook says `` it takes a few minutes for the chili to boil '' 45 mins after ordering i got my order . two rice burritos with spoonfull of green chili ! never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "put it this way , if i was on death row my last meal would be a los favs ham breakfast burrito with guac . yeah . it 's that good . i eat at this place like 5 times every week and have for years , no lie . the staff are awesome too , jaun 's the man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did a take out order , i got the corner asada tacos with rice and beans . it only came with 2 small street tacos so for the 8 $ i paid i was really not happy or impressed . but i also ordered a chorizo torts and that was the actual treat . i would definitely so back and order the tortas . i 'll skip the tacos plates for now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is 5 stars . just breaks my heart when i get off work at 11pm and they say they are open til midnight on yelp and even on their door . yet they close shop early frequently . my favorite late night snack . i always race there and usually meet a closed shop . sad and unreliable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zero stars ! ! ! food poisoning ! ! steer clear ! ! i am missing work because these lazy careless workers mishandled my food - which leads to food borne illness . i used to go to the los favs in chandler and it was good back in the day but every time i 've come to the tempe one something seems slightly off . never again ! i 'll forever stay away from all los favs from now on as a result of this experience . if you want to be violently ill , please go to los favs . if you value your health and wellbeing go elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a good quick on the run taco shop . tucked back in a shopping center . the place is smaller . the tacos are decent and my kids love the burritos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical mexican fast food place . got the carne asada fries to go and they were really good - tons of meat with guacamole , cheese and sour creme . it was a to-go box full of fries and toppings for under $ 8 and it filled me up , which is n't easy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so after living in tempe for 5 years , i finally decided to drop in and check the place out . total dive restaurant , but usually i have found , the dive restaurants usually have some of the best food . i have come here for breakfast now many times , their burritos are huge and flavorful . my only gripe is they use french fries for the potatoes in the burritos . if they made their own home fries in the burrito , i would dub them the perfect breakfast burrito . i have yet to try the lunch dinner entrees , maybe one day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best mexican food joint in the area , especially when you consider their prices . i 've been coming here at least twice a month for the past two years and the cooks in the back deliver a consistent product in regards to both texture and taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite thing are the shrimp tacos . i think they are $ 2.50 and quite delicious . the location is right around the corner from my apartment so my boyfriend and i frequent the place . my boyfriend likes the breakfast burrito and the super burrito , which is like 2 feet long , but it still has a lot of filling inside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is an easy drive from our house and it 's quick to grab dinner here when we do n't have anything to eat at home . i love the taste of the refried beans and the green and red salsas ( although they are a little spicy ! ) you get a lot of food for the money . they also have aguas frescas here fyi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everybody giving this place an above average rating has a seriously down syndrome poverty palate . ughs smh their rice is just awful , no spice , just an old oil flavor and unwanted corn and peas mixed in . guac is spread thin and watered down to the point it 's runny and might as well be tomatillo sauce . beans are liquefied brown sauce . but hey it 's cheap and at least the staff was nice . this place also really needs to serve beer . blah i hope i do n't trick myself into coming here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there after reading the yelp reviews and because it was only a few minutes away from my families condo ! i had the carnitas and fish taco one day and a chorizo breakfast burrito the other day . all were really yummy and the ladies working there were very nice ! if you 're in the area it 's worth a try and it 's cheap . they also serve the breakfast burritos all day , a plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best breakfast burritos in tempe . the only other place i ever go is texanos , but in the breakfast burrito category , i think favs has them beat . everything is well priced and tastes great . they even have a pool table and some video games now ! def check out their nachos too ! they are not to pass up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bean are a little too salty and it takes them forever but everything else is pretty good ! they also do n't give enough hot sauce even when you ask for extra , they hand you one single one..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food at a good price , especially for college kids . the breakfast burritos are always on point , along with the carne asada fries . but they take forever and leave you on hold if you try to call in an order ahead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place for quick , no frills mexican . it 's not too greasy , but is greasy enough to hit the spot . service time is prompt and food is a good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go to place when i need a decent burro at a great price . friendly fast service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i eat at los religiously , it 's my go to for a burrito at almost any hour . tonight , i headed to this location because the one near me closes at 11pm , but when i arrived at 11:35 ( after driving out of my way ) , they had already closed . super disappointed that they advertise their hours as staying open until midnight ... . but i guess lesson learned . do n't try to eat here late !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was pretty much your run of the mill fast food mexican joint minus the drive through . a bit better than filibertos but they charge you for everything . the beans are vegan safe which is a plus and the burrito was a good size . the red sauce had virtually no flavor , as a matter of fact it was sort of bitter like maybe it had gone bad ? probably a bit over rated in my opinion but i would come back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummy quick and authentic easy mexican food- no fancies and no flares -- just good food ! ! dinner , drive in , and dives sort of place ! ! i get the tacos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall , los favoritos is a pretty good spot for some fast tacos at an affordable price . the chicken taco has an interesting flavor and texture with the crispy shell and the onion and green pepper mixed in with the shredded chicken . i would order this again . carne asada is pretty standard , guac is smooth and has a good flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the carne asada is amazing and flavorful . everything i 've tried here is great . i 've worked a bunch in sonora and baja californa norte , and this is the closest i could find to roadside tacos in tempe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was recommended to stop here before heading back to ca . they have the most delicious breakfast burritos . i got the machaca and had them add beans . one of the best i 've had . the beans are amazing . my husband got the egg and potato , which he loved . the service was great and very fast . i will be back the next time i 'm in az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast burrito and even the regular burritos . this place is consistent and delicious . and the girls who work the front are always nice and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best taco shop ever ! i work and live near by and stop by here all the time for lunch . i love there carne asada tacos , cheese quesadillas , rolled tacos , and bean and cheese burritos . pretty much anything here is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good breakfast burritos , the carne asada and chorizo are the only ones i 've tried . the salsa isnt very flavorful . much better than fillibertos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! ! shitty service ! i ordered # 1 ... was so excited to try their enchilada sauce . they gave me # 2 and refused to correct it . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , we walked in and the place reeked . it was an absolutely gross smell . nothing else around open so we went ahead and ordered a couple of two cheese enchilada meals . imagine getting your tastebuds ready for oooey gooey melty cheese enchiladas and getting them home and finding two tortillas filled with shredded cheese that was unmelted , and with unmelted cheese on top . no way to heat them up because we 're moving . all because the cook was too lazy to put them in another container , heat them up and then put them into the styrofoam containers . why ca n't anyone just do their jobs anymore ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's not that great here . they give you tiny portions of meat . there 's definitely better places in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best breakfast burritos ever ! ! i used to be an avid filibertos fan but ever since i went to los favoritos taco shop , i have never went back to filibertos ! me and my wife have been going here for years i love their chorizo breakfast burrito , and my wife gets a shredded chicken bean and rice burrito she loves it , i love it . nice quick fix in the morning or even in the afternoon if you 're into breakfast for dinner , we are ! all in all , a great place to eat , great prices ! ! good job guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfasts burritos are awesome ! can be very busy during the day . clean establishment fairly priced , and good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness ! ! ! ! ! how could i have forgotten to review los favs ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? this is the absolute best little taco shop in the tempe phoenix area . i can not explain it , but they make the most wonderful food . it does n't taste like every other mexican food joint ; it is legit ! ! ! ! the customer service is 100 % on game every time . some of the top choices include the carne asada fries ( you can have them make this into a burrito for you too ) , vegetarian burrito , super nachos , and they have the best cheeseburgers . i do n't know what it is , but they are just pure yumminess . you can not go wrong with any of the breakfast burritos either . i just moved to oregon and this place is one of things i miss most about az . enjoy ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! i 've been going there for seven years and it has always been amazing . california burrito , breakfast burrito , jumbo burrito or carniasada fries it does not matter it is all good and the family that owns it is awesome as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their carne asada fries are n't quite as good as filibertos ' but their 3 rolled tacos w guac i would argue is better and a very affordable quick meal . i have n't had any bad experiences with the cashiers . also the decor is tacky and hilarious . their hot sauce is green versus the red ones from filly b 's and you can get em to go . they are really tasty=bonus points i think i 'll knock off one star because of the perpetually creepy dudes hanging out around the place outside and lack of close streetlights", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! lots of space and cheap , tasty mexican food . not much more than that needs to be said .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sitting in here right now ! the girls who work the register are always so rude and unfriendly . i love their food or i would never come here for that reason . they never answer their phone for carry-out orders when i call , but always seem to be on the phone when i 'm in the store ! i do n't know if they do n't think customer service is n't important or they do n't care but they should seriously consider being nicer to their customers . especially ones who come often .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4 stars for hardee 's ? ! ? it 's no culver 's by a long shot but that thick burger was damn tasty ! i do n't know if the restaurant was clean but the drive thru service was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are super friendly . the food was made perfectly ! mushroom and swiss.yum they play nice music and its very clean", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , my review sums it all up in a text that i sent to my boyfriend several hours after eating a frisco burger w o tomato , small order of curly fries and a small diet coke . text message : `` do n't tell anyone but i ate at hardee 's today and it was like real restaurant quality . well just the food part . i did n't eat it all b c 1 ) i could n't and 2 ) i wanted some for later . '' i was driving while eating it and i kept saying out loud how good the burger was . mind you , i was totally alone . and i did n't go in the restaurant but it looked clean from the drive-thru window and that woman who took my order did a better than average job . i was kind of put off by their prices but it was totally worth every penny !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was craving a burger so i decided to stop at hardee 's . muhammad was friendly and efficient and my burgers were delicious as well ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hardee 's recently remodeled . inside seems more modern and feels more clean now . i 've always received fresh food here , they 've apologized when it 's taken too long . i love hardee 's burgers , they beat mcdonalds , burger king , and culver 's . yes i said culvers . i love there frisco burgers yum ... . i do n't know of any other hardee 's in dane county except for this one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the middleton hardee 's just renovated . they got rid of the wood paneling and switched to a trendy red black color scheme . it is much more pleasing to the eye , but i was still sad when i found out . now i go to perkin 's for my old-person decor fix . thankfully , the outside of the restaurant still looks like your typical run-down fast food eatery ! also , the new fresh-fried chicken strips they 've introduced are orders of magnitude better than the old ones , which tasted like they had been fried in a factory , frozen , and then microwaved for five seconds before being served . nothing in fast food is ever fresh , but these new chicken strips do a passable impersonation of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always excellent customer service from mo and his crew . he is incredibly polite and a wonderful manager to deal with if anything ever goes wrong at their site .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with a group of 8 and had fairly high expectations even though one in the party had been to phoenix previously and vaguely remembered having a crappy meal here . but , i sided with yelp and pushed the group on . i wish i had n't . around the table , someone ordered the pork chop and found it pretty tasty but that was about as good a thing anyone else could say about their dish . i shared the pad thai with the doubter and it was a bland sticky mass of noodles with way too many large blocks of tofu . in short , it sucked . but , it did give me a better appreciation for thai back home in houston . service , on the other hand , was great . orders came out quickly . and , it was reasonably priced . just stay away from the pad thai .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just because it 's full does n't make it good . when we first arrived this place as so full we barely had a place to stand . so we thought , `` this place must be good . '' while we waited , a server came over to take our order . then about ten minutes later we were seated . as the food came out we both had the same reaction . meh . the soup was flavorless , the pad thai noodles were undercooked the sauce in the red curry was watery , so much it was nearing bland . which is unheard of in any thai restaurant ! i wo n't be going back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was in phoenix a few weeks ago on a business trip . lucky me , thai elephant was right across the street from my hotel ! this is a tiny little joint , maybe 20 tables . the menu is like a book , there is so much to choose from , rice dishes , noodle dishes , soups , appetizers . my coworker and i settled on a red curry dish with chicken and i had a sweet & sour dish ( yeah , it sounds trite , but i was in the mood and it was so delicious ! ) we had tons of leftovers , which we shared with a homey down the street , i hope he enjoyed it . highly recommended , and if i 'm ever back in town , i will visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grabbed a quick bite here with my girl amanda before hitting up a concert downtown , and the food was so tasty we should have just skipped the concert and stayed at the restaurant ! i got the drunken noodle - ordered it mild ( i believe you can order mild , medium or hot ) and it still had the perfect amount of spice . amanda got hers with grilled tofu - it was incredibly good ! top that dinner off with a thai tea and you have yourself a nice little meal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i frequent thai elephant weekly . here is what you need to know : 2 people eat for about $ 20 with tip if you do n't order drinks i would n't take a group of more than 4 people it is normally packed at lunch time . unlike most thai restaurants , their spicy scale is 1 to 5 , not ten so be careful what you ask for . the place is clean but small , so you get you food as soon as it is done , even if another meal at the table is still cooking . they get you in and out very quickly i love the fried rice and the pork chops . the quality of the meat is n't bad but it could be better ( except with the pork chops )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a conference in phoenix and this place was right up the street from my hotel , and boy am i glad it was ! the spring rolls were good , not the best i 've ever had , but really tasty . and my main course was excellent ... i had the drunken noodle with shrimp ... .fresh veggies , nice and spicy ( they let you specify your spice level , i had medium ) and the shrimp were tender and fresh . small , affordable wine list by the glass , it was the perfect addition to my meal . i wish i would have had room for dessert ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent thai food- and we have eaten thai all over the world . it can compete with authentic thai that we have eaten in nyc . we will certainly be back . the tom kha soup was excellent here ! we also enjoyed the red curry and a delish pad thai . the place is hip and clean and the service was above par . way to go , thai elephant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid thai food - downtown . this place is really great if you need your thai food fix . i always get the siamese basil ( rice , meat , veggies , in a sweet basil sauce ) . fiance either gets the yellow curry or the pad thai . both are very good . each dish comes with a spring roll as well . they will be packed for lunch and completely empty for dinner so plan accordingly but really good thai food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been thrown out of better places than this . i just came back from what was a farewell lunch for a co-worker . the food was okay , and as usual at lunch , it was crowded . however , we were very much surprised when immediately after they collected our check , we were unceremoniously told to leave . i could understand if we had been sitting there for a while , but that was n't the case . we still had our drinks to finish , and would have left within a minute or two - it is lunchtime , we all had desks to go back to . good thing we were not aiming for a leisurely lunch . the food is as i said , okay . but not worth the service , and definite not worth waiting for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "although you can find better thai food elsewhere , thai elephant has its moments . on a not-so-busy weekday evening , the location is nice . a loud diner 5 tables down was raving about his meal , and i believe he called a friend to join him late into his meal . that says something . the best part , however , was the eggplant in my green curry -- amazing . if i go back , i 'll order something that highlights thai elephant eggplant . mmmmm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent food . quick service . staff could benefit from a little charm school . other than that , its a great `` quick '' place for lunch . i have to give them a little extra credit -- they actually have fresh thai hot chili peppers . for that i am impressed . lunch seems to be just north of reasonable . i 'll go back for a lunch special . i though the curry was pretty good . although , nothing beats lana thai in livermore , ca . that continues to be the most authentic oustanding thai food i have had in my travels .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i actually really enjoy this place . the curries are always very good . the service is a bit lacking , but it 's some good eatin ' at a decent price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty . good spices and super-friendly staff . good for a conversation or a larger group .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great thai food in downtown phoenix . who knew ? great , friendly staff , and the owner is really engaged , helping deliver food , water , etc . the waiter recommended an amazing eggplant dish . on future visits , i will definitely try his other top recommended dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful absolutely wonderful . i had the pad thai w chicken and spring rolls . they bring you complimentary soup which is a lil spicy and good . one drawback is they have canned soda that they bring you . it gets a little busy during lunch but they are in downtown phoenix . thats what you expect . try the mango cheesecake . nice big slice at a decent price . will always come back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in town for a conference and pleasantly surprised with this amazing restaurant . the hotel recommended it so we gave it a try . i ordered the ruby fish curry and since i had the choice of spiciness , i chose thai hot . it was the best curry i had in my life . the fish was a whole sole filet , lightly fried to perfection and the curry was spicy but extremely flavorful . the atmosphere was relaxed and casual , perfect after a long work day . we had a large party and they were happy to provide separate checks . i also shared an order of veggie spring rolls with a friend and they were crispy and tasty . the portions were decent though i totally could have eaten more if more had been on my plate . i was spooning every last bit of the curry onto my rice even after i finished the fish . if i 'm ever in phoenix again , i would definitely visit thai elephant for as many meals as i can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we eat take out here once a week and i pretty much always get the same thing . panang curry with tofu and brown rice - spicy . the dinner portion is big enough to save half for lunch the next day or for sharing imo . sometimes i get overtaken by the tastiness and grub it all down in one sitting though . i 'm so glad they have a downtown location as i really enjoy the tempe location for lunch . the thai tea here is also quite yummy and could double as desert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has a cozy dining area that was easily able to seat our party of five . i 'm no thai expert , and the food was decent , but it was unremarkable . i had the beef pad thai ( it was a toss-up between that and the green curry ) which was greasier than i had anticipated . the service was friendly enough , but not very proactive on the beverage front .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was skeptical as i stood outside the elephant reading their menu . if nothing jumps out at me at a thai place , i get worried . i was also in an unbelievably bad mood , and i did n't need it exacerbated by a bad thai experience . thankfully the elephant came to the rescue . i had the yellow curry and it was a great blend of heat and taste . i was initially annoyed at the lack of rice they gave me with my carryout order , but it turned out to be appropriate for the meal . it really made me want to go back and try the other stuff i hesitated on . i got take out so i ca n't speak to the lunch experience inside - it did seem quite packed . but if their service is up to par , i can highly recommend stopping in here for a bit when you 're downtown . he who hesitates is lost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rawr . not really , but the thai elephant experience will give you a decent experience . to sum a large review that you wo n't want to read : thai elephant dishes offer a powerful flavor , but a small amount for the price . ( i came in here with 20 + people , a gigantic group of students . they charged us a mandatory tip and extra charges for drinks . for my review , i wo n't be able to say exactly how much the dishes are . all i thought was how small the dishes are . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 5 thai ? see my review for sing high ... again my fault for trying to have asian cuisine in phoenix . it was your standard greasy thai fried rice . msg flavor . nuff said .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good service , amazing food . dinner entree includes jasmine rice for 9.95 for chicken or tofu . i had the siamese thai with fried tofu . this is enough for almost 2 people ! ! it 's over one lb of entree and 1 cup of rice.. amazing service would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite thai downtown . great service and authentic curries and noodle dishes . the lunch crowd is business like , the event night crowd is 20-40 ish . the drunken noodle or the yellow curries are the best bets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thai elephant has been calling my boyfriend 's name since we moved downtown , so i finally caved last night . i have n't had thai food in ages so this was going to be an experience . unfortunately , prior reviews had said that they were pretty much able to make their whole menu gluten free . false . only the curry dishes , of which i 'm not a fan , and the pad thai dish are safe . everything else has a soy sauce base and they ca n't just `` 86 the sauce . '' the pad thai was good and it came out extremely fast . literally , i blinked and he had it on the table . note to customers : if you 're a spicy-food-junkie the hot will literally burn your esophagus . you 'll love it ! i ordered medium and my body hurt long afterward . it 's mild for me next time . if you 're in a hurry definitely a great place to eat and run ! also , do n't skimp on the thai iced tea . you 'll be glad you did n't .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went again on friday and yum ! i got the same ginger chicken and it was just as delicious as before . i need to venture out and try something else on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just moved to henderson in july 2016 and really needed a good haircut . desiree came highly recommended through my nextdoor app and i was really put at ease . the cut was amazing and i felt like i was with a family member . been back a few times already and i could n't be happier . highlights and cut are perfect for the my new move and now the new year ! ! ! i would n't go anywhere else and i think you 're missing out if you do n't get over to her salon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called for an appointment for full enchilada and went in for consultation . i was quoted a price and the day of service was awesome . deseriee was really nice and quote was spot on . i do n't like surprise cost after the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desiree is amazing . she 's friendly and very knowledgeable and is a lot of fun.i always walk away happy with my hair . she uses great products and tailors them to your specific needs . i highly recommend village salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desiree really took the time to consult with me about my look and how i style my hair . she also had great new recommendations for me . booking appointments are easy . excellent service , great price ! \u200d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desiree is awesome ! i wo n't go anywhere else . the photos below are some examples of the work she 's done for my family and friends . they all love their hair ! her shop is right next to pts and albertsons . it 's super convenient to inspirada , anthem highlands and sun city anthem . go see her ; you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love desiree ! she does such a good job cutting hair for our whole family - from little kids to adults i do n't think any barber is as good as she is here in henderson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a salon that offers cuts at a wonderfully low price ! ! ! and the atmosphere is warm , friendly and full of laughter ! ! ! i 've been coming here for a few months now , and not just because of the low costs , but because of desiree . she listens to me , offers great suggestions and i always leave here smiling . desiree is professional , creative and i highly recommend you visit her for the best hair cut in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desiree is awesome . i 've got curly hair and had a lot of bad haircuts in the past , but desiree did a great job in cutting my hair . she was very easy to make a first-time appointment with and once there , she has a very easy going style that made me even more comfortable and gave me a great haircut . wow ! easy to make appointments . friendly . very reasonable prices . great haircut . what a score !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm very impress how the hair stylist took good care of my daughter 's hair . desiree was really patient and sweet listening to my daughter on how she wants her hair to be . the final outlook was awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desiree is the best ! ! i have been looking for a great hairstylist for a while and i finally found one . she is great with coloring as well ! ! located in the albertsons parking lot in anthem village .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to henderson three years ago and had a hard time finding a good hair stylist . after several disasters , a friend recommended desiree . she is top notch and very talented at doing hair . she takes extra care to make sure the color is exactly right and the condition of my hair always feels great when she is done . i would highly recommend her to women and men of all ages . she does it all and i could n't be happier with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was thinking about keeping this place a secret so that i could assure i would always get an appointment . but , desiree , the owner hair stylist , is so kind , generous , and talented , i could n't keep it to myself ! i had to spread the love ! she is affordable and the environment is warm and inviting . but , book quickly as she will fill up fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love gym and fit because it is a fun learning environment . my daughter who is not yet two is always ready to learn something new . she is tumbling , doing the beginnings of flips , learning to balance , hanging on bars , and so much more . she loves it , and i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get your kids started in gymnastics . coach kelly is the best coach you could ever ask for ! he taught my oldest child years ago who has gone on to be an amazing athlete ! he inspires greatness in all the kids he teaches and i 'm so excited that he is now teaching my 4 year old . hands down best place for kids gymnastics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place through groupon . coach kelly is amazing with the girls ! he makes it funny and enjoyable for them to learn gymnastics . i will definitely enrolling my daughter after my groupon is finished .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we like gym and fit because it teaches gage to be patient , to follow directions and to be a good listener . i am so glad we found gym and fit . mr. kelly is an amazing coach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hit the drive thru around 8th on a monday , it was packed inside ! got a club type grilled sandwich . my bacon was spicy . ... .which was odd . their french fries are n't my favorite style . overall for fast food , i was ok. got a traditional banana split , that was rather skimpy on the toppings . not many dqs around the valley , so it was a nice treat while staying in a hotel in the vicinity .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , efficient service . it was early afternoon , so no kids around . pretty typical of dq . good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the banana cream pie blizzard has been discontinued . that and the coke freeze were the only reasons why i ever came to dairy queen frequently . i do n't know what they were thinking when throwing out the banana cream pie flavor from the blizzard flavors , but apparently about half of the previously large list of flavors has been eliminated and now you just have the basic chocolate and vanilla ( so to speak ) . the closest thing they have now to what they had is a banana split flavor . sorry , no , just throwing bananas and vanilla , chocolate , and strawberry ice cream in a blender is not something to be proud of as a replacement for the banana cream pie . however this happened , this downsizing , whether for improving the budget or whatever it was , this downsizing of selection was a downgrade in service and in product , and i 'm not likely to come back . there are other places where i can get chocolate or vanilla ice cream .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this dairy queen would have five stars if it was located closer to home . the cookie dough blizzard will always be a favorite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there accidentally ; we were planning to go to another place but since it was closed we said we should give it a try . the neighborhood is very nice and calm and the restaurant itself does not look like a restaurant but rather another residence . once you walk in , the atmosphere is perfect . nice , upscale but casual at the same time ( ! ) environment ; a sign for a great food experience . service was great and helpful , while the dishes was the one better than the other . the appetizers ( and especially the mozarella salad ) were amazing , the entrees were delicious , while the desert was fantastic . the chef himself went around the tables and communicated with the people , while he offered to create a desert out of the menu for us to try ( and he did the same with other people to with different desserts ! ) we will def visiti it again ( however , it is in the expensive side of things but it is worth it , especially for special occasions ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i celebrated his birthday at joseph tambellini and it far exceeded our expectations . the food was delicious from appetizers to dessert and was priced fairly . the ambience is charming and the wait staff professional . the steak i had was outstanding , perfectly done and better than capital grill , mortons and ruth chris rolled into one . we have already made our reservations for new years eve and hope to be back before then . this was the best meal we have eaten in pittsburgh in a loooong time . thank you joseph tambellini ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you really feel like grandma is in the kitchen cooking ! the food tastes fresh and flavorful . the portions are generous and are priced well . the wait staff is excellent ! they also have a great wine selection and the sommelier is very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always perfect ! service , wine & food ... .. wonderful missy & joe , rick , rosemary & love the bartender cam ... .. just a perfect evening , again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best italian restaurant in pittsburgh . fresh home-made pasta , delicious entrees , tasty salads and excellent service with great ambiance . raviolis were perfetto", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wanted to give a shout out to joseph tambellini 's in highland park for helping me have the perfect birthday last friday . i would describe it as comfortable upscale . we reserved the 3rd floor which they call the lodge . there were just ten of us ladies but it could have seated double . it was private and cozy . our server was erin ( not sure of spelling ) . she was friendly , timely and patient . as i said it was on the 3rd floor so up and down she went . we had zucchini , meatballs , salad , pasta , filet , crab cakes . everything was delicious , fresh and authentic . no olive garden here . no sir . this is the real thing . price is worth it . you 'll see why when you get there . just get there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a true 5 star restaurant ! everything is excellent service , atmosphere and food quality . absolute consistent quality every-time we visit ... one of the top restaurants in pittsburgh ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very nice library ! it 's on the smaller side , in my opinion , but we enjoy coming here . they offer multiple times throughout the week for children to attend baby time or story time ! it 's also a plus that you can renew and check availability of books online !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this library every week for baby time and to read with my little ones . we all enjoy it great in summer time to keep cool and educated . it is on the smaller scale but it 's nice employees and cleanliness keep us coming back for more . only complaint i have is the older kids bull dozing the baby time . at 11 ; 30 is the toddler time not really the libraries fault as it is the parents . but maybe they can enforce that policy so the littles can have fun without getting ran over", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel so lucky to have this library so close to home . i like to go read their magazines and sip my ice tea , so relaxing . very clean and neat too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to this library in years and just my luck i decide to come take my one year old . the lady sushed her ! ! ! ! she 's one ! ! never have i ever been sushed at the library- hello you have a kids 'play ' area . i understand library voices and am aware it is not a playground by any means but wow . sorry to say we will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . greta place to study for adults and they provide a great experiences for children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly people . books are transfered quicky from other libraries in town , nice it infrastructure to download ebooks and find information on-line . another great example of the services the city of phoenix provides . great library !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love , love , love the agave library . they will ship books to this location from any library in the phoenix system and they email you when it 's held for you . they offer a ton of story times and activities for kids from babies to building classes with older kids on the weekends . during the summer they have reading programs that reward kids with free books and they host weekly events for kids . the librarians are all friendly and helpful- my kids make a point to go talk to their favorite `` librarian jill '' anytime they see her . i really wish that they were open 7 days a week ( being closing on sundays in particular restricts access for many m-f working families ) . hopefully the city will eventually fund 7 days per week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with beth . the building looks kind of cool , has plenty of snazzy neon signs and architectural `` enhancements '' - but it really is n't a well-designed library . if you like to browse some fiction and then non-fiction , with a trip to the computers ( aka `` card catalog '' ) in between - you feel like your bouncing around a warehouse that has some bookshelves in it . it feels as if there will be a trendy coffee shop tucked into it at any moment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the library closest to my house , i remember when it was first built . it 's very spacious inside , with sort of that modern artsy warehouse vibe that i 'm whatever about . you really have to be quiet , otherwise it feels like sound will echo loudly . i mainly come in here just to pick up held books and leave , but i once had to print some paperwork and found the staff helpful in that . also , it 's a pokemon go gym .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this library is great for my needs as a mom with the fun decor including a play area and a really unique `` tee-pee '' style story time room for the little ones . i used to go at least once a week with my son when he was a baby and then a toddler . the story time is so much fun especially for the little ones because they include toy shakers , blocks and more ! great for internet wifi and a spot for students to study .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is sooo good , i 've only tried a handful of things on her menu but nothing has disappointed . the owner does everything on her own . ( impressive ) yes there is a bit of a wait , but well worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the cafe . although the food is simple , it 's a great atmosphere . love the character of the wood tables and floors . with the large garage doors open to the outside , it was the perfect place for some catch up with conrad c. food is simple . all day breakfast , omelette , french toast , scrambles . cc got the ham , pasta and egg scramble which was tasty . good comfort food , but seems like also something that i can make at home myself . there 's also some sandwiches on the menu and some mains , like lasagna , and i got the schnitzel . it was tasty , with salad and lemon on the side . they also have a really good pomegrante and apple kiju juice . all dishes around $ 7-8 . so comfy this place . free parking for one hour , one street north of queen . i do n't know about that lot across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really friendly , cozy cafe . food is delicious and all made in house by barbara . favourites include the oatmeal cake and schnitzel sandwich . great prices too . can get a freshly made sandwich for less than what you usually pay in the rest of leslieville for a pre-made saran-wrapped refrigerated sandwich . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my pets here for years and have the utmost faith in the staff . they always do a very thorough examination and you can tell they genuinely care about their patients . all of the doctors are great , but dr. burke is my standby . he is extremely smart and compassionate and referred me to dog 's oncologist , dr. hillers , when she was diagnosed with cancer . i highly recommend him and this clinic ; they are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "words can not express how much my family has appreciated the last 12 years of incredible love and care we have received from the mccormick ranch animal hospital . we are so grateful for dr. brown and the staff for their compassion and care . we have gone through many vet offices and i am thankful to have found the perfect one . our dog of 12 years passed away last night and this hospital could n't have shown more sympathy or offered me more comfort . they have impacted not only my animal 's lives for the better but mine as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with this clinic . pros : 1 . the vet did tell us where to find pet meds for a cheaper price cons : 1.their website was not up to date as far as their location and address . 2 . the staff was not very friendly . 3 . i felt very rushed to get in and out 4 . received a card in the mail and thought it might be a welcome note but it was a request for referrals !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all of my animals see dr. mendolia . she is an exceptional vet - aware , kind , and good with animals and their owners . i currently have two dogs and a cat . one dog was a rescue and dr. mendolia helped us through the process of getting him healthy and in good shape . she has treated my singapora cat since she was a kitten and is now taking care of my mini-aussie puppy . i also highly recommend dawn , who is an incredible technician and can comfort and work with even the most difficult animals . the entire staff is kind and helpful . the care we have received at vca mccormick ranch has been of better quality than we have received at some of the specialized and exclusive feline veterinarians and other specialists . i recommend them highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my new kitty here because of their association with the humane society . the staff was friendly and helpful and the vet was very gentle with my cat . he needs more vaccinations and i did n't know they offered them 1 2 price on t th so was very happy when the tech told me that . i would recommend this vet to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my cat here for one year . pros : knowledgeable and friendly vets and techs . cons : care plans that cover very little and high cost for services .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they were amazing ! everyone was so sweet and got our kitty in with only 5 minutes notice . absolutely no wait and everyone- the receptionist , tech , and doctor were so nice and helpful . will be coming here from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was extremely happy to have a veterinarian in the area that was so kind ! i am able to order my prescription dog food and have it shipped to me . my dog is very comfortable with her right away ! she answered all my questions ! i had a visit for a problem and the vet had a diagnosis and helped with medication and followed up with me to see how my dog was doing . i would recommend this facility since it was so clean . the staff was very caring ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst clinic hotel i have experienced . charged us for services when our dog was n't even due for them . they are overpriced and continually ripped us off . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my fur child here today and we were greeted with the most helpful staff i 've ever seen ! i was terrified that something was seriously wrong with my baby girl . dr . dawn parsons helped me calm down and my pup to calm down in order to get her help . i appreciate everything they did for me and i will definitely be coming back . thank you so much for helping my baby lucy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my top cat jimmy had some urinary issues . i expected to pay more due to the mccormick ranch location but was pleasantly surprised . the care was outstanding and they were very honest not requiring expensive tests other vets would have . ( i called around ) we got out of there with an office visit and medicine and he was back to normal the next day . so grateful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place argues with you allll the time . they wo n't do anything for you and want to make you pay 4 times the rates of other vets . do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally found myself a landscaper ! if you 're in henderson and looking for an attentive and trustworthy landscaper , check out this place . their team did great work on my home and the owner , adam , is an awesome guy with great vision . he took the time to explain everything and gave me a ton of options . it always feel great knowing i 'm making an informed decision . in regard to the negative reviews , they appear entirely unfair and unfounded based on my repeated dealings with adam and his team . meet adam . once you do , you wo n't regret choosing del mar landscaping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not hire them . unethical . this was the worst quality landscaping a person could receive . no supervision , paver placement was not even parallel with the yard , recommendations in trees are terrible and only the cheapest , plants are already dead within two months . work had to be redone three times before a decent job was completed . i can even say what went right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love my landscaping ! i called around and asked for estimates from multiple landscape companies for a landscaping clean-up . most said they 'd come for an estimate and never came or said they 'd call me back . adam at del mar answered my call , set up an estimate , showed up on time , and gave a fantastic price quote . the crew came at the scheduled time and were very friendly . they did everything we asked , from trimming and clean up , to ripping out and replacing some plants . i highly recommend this company for its integrity , affordability , and excellent performance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been in the hospitality industry for over 20 years and have very high standards when it comes to customer care . i have had adam and his team take care of my landscaping needs for over 10 years . i can not have gotten a better more trustworthy team . they have taken care all of my needs in a professional timely manner ranging from small minor repairs of sprinkler system , tree removal , to basic trimming of bushes , cutting of grass , edging etc . to keep me as a happy client for 10 + years speaks volumes . i know when i call him i will get prompt reliable service at a fair price . i could not ask for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service and quality work adam and his crew are amazing . they were receptive to our feedback and made sure it was to our liking . we were definitely pleased with the end result . they completed the job on time and they were much less expensive than the other bids we got . my wife and i love our backyard . it was well worth the investment . i highly recommend del mar landscaping . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had del mar come to clean up the weeds in my front yard . adam was attentive and every concern i had , he took care of . i was concerned that some weeds were left in the yard until adam told me they had been treated and would die and be pulled out this week . all the rain we had made my yard an absolute mess this year and adam and his crew worked wonders to make it beautiful again ! thank you so much for putting up with me and doing such a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used del mar landscaping at least 4 or 5 times over the last 2 years . the customer service and the services themselves have always been top notch ! highly recommend . great work and very reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "del mar landscaping just completed my landscape . adam , owner , goes out of his way to make sure u get the right plants that will thrive . del mar has been my landscaper for 15 years and does an excellent winter cleanup job . look them up if you want a honest competitive company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted adam yesterday due to a weed problem . his crew was here today and doing follow up in a week to make sure the problem is solved . excellent work and very prompt . i highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted adam on a friday to do some clean up . by saturday i had a reasonable quote and by monday the job was complete ! will use again and would highly recommend ! adam is great to work with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did a wonderful job on my yard . i previously had that ugly decorative rock in my front and back yard ( that all the home builders insist on using ) and i could n't stand it since it was so ugly . then i had these guys come out and fix it all up nice so now i 'm not embarrassed when my friends come in from out of town ( and cringe at the ugly desert landscape ) . now it is a beautiful mix of plants and trees that give my yard a great flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "contacted several landscapers for estimates . adam was one quickest to respond and his bid was one of lowest . his design meet my needs and stayed within my budget . after signing the contract the job was scheduled and work completed very quickly while maintaining quality . adam went out if his way and responsibility to make sure i was 100 % satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam was great ! i called the day before to get a clean-up service and he honored my wishes . great customer service and work done by his team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "del-mar landscape ( adam ) has always been a pleasure to work with.they have done 2 yard revamps on my backyard and have always been happy with the outcome . del mar just finished my front yard conversion to synthetic . and i 'm more than happy with the outcome . if i need anything in the future his number is saved in my favorites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to del mar landscaping from a neighbor . i called and was pleasantly surprised to get the owner on the phone . adam was knowledgable and set up an appointment for the next day . he showed up on time and gave me a quote on the spot for my monthly maintenance . the crew that comes to my house are friendly and helpful . my yard looks great and i am very happy with the service . i would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam first completed my backyard- i transitioned from grass to desert landscaping and wanted to put in a firepit with flagstone sitting area . it turned out beautifully . whenever i have a question or want landscaping around my home performed , adam is very patient , timely , and attentive . he takes his time explaining things to me and arrives promptly . the last job he did was a clean up , trimming of trees and shrubs , and checking the irrigation system . everything looks great ! we also have him do my mom 's landscaping at her home in anthem . whenever i give him a call , he shows up ! if there is a problem , he will attend to it- adam will make sure his customers are satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a neighbor reported a few homes in our neighborhood for weeds . i have rocks and rose bushes in my yard . i checked yelp and called del mar . adam promptly called me back and i sent in photos with my smartphone . i got a very reasonable quote and had the yard work done . i 'm very pleased and they will be doing all my yard work now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "revival hair lounge is upscale , yet unpretentious , and sonya & jeremy are extremely talented , gracious , and serious about their craft of cutting , color , styling & makeup artistry . they are uniquely creative , extremely professional and make each client feel welcome walking in the door and beautiful walking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just book here . no questions asked ! best haircut i 've ever had . great people ! all around a great time.. and leave with great hair ! what more can you ask for ? ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy has been cutting my hair for 13 years and i ca n't imagine letting anyone else take a scissor to this giant head of hair . he can tame my locks like no other . a few years ago he married sonya and their partnership has transformed my entire look . i went to sonya with black matte hair from boxed color . it was dull , fried , and had a weird red horizontal stripe running through it from the few months i tried to be a redhead . what i have now , after sonya 's vigilant work , intricate chemistry , and superior artistry , is a gorgeous light honey blonde over deep dark tresses . it 's sort of like caramel over a brownie . i have no idea how she fixed it , but i simply love my hair these days ! the casual atmosphere , the warm inviting environment , the welcoming spirit all add up to a place i enjoy visiting every three weeks for touch-up . i will never go to those haughty places again . what an amazing pair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy and sonya are amazing ! you have an extremely talented colorist ( sonya ) and cutting artist ( jeremy ) all in one fun , relaxing spot . highly recommend them for all hair services ! best secret in charlotte is this married hair stylin ' duo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having recently just relocated to charlotte from the west coast , i was nervous about finding the perfect salon to tame my tresses . after reading the reviews and checking out the pics from revival hair lounge , i had a feeling that i would just love this salon . i was right . jeremy and sonya have created a haven for hair with their masterful partnership . not only are they a force of nature in regard to cut and color , but they are also super kick-a $ $ people . within minutes i was chatting up a storm and feeling as if i had found my place in this neck of the woods . bonus : besides sweet hairdos , they also offer glasses of wine to enjoy whilst they trim and tint to your heart 's delight . go see them ! your hair will thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is the best ! sonya is a color expert and extremely professional . i get color regularly , and highlights often . i always feel completely at ease knowing i 'm in such capable and talented hands . she is super knowledgeable and up on all the latest techniques . and did i mention that her head massages are out of this world ... amazing ! five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hair cut and style i could ask for . i usually hate getting my hair cut but heather made it easy and enjoyable . i brought in a few pics and i let her take the wheel . my hair turned out perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed this `` cafe and bistro . '' there was ample seating , from regular tables to tucked-away alcoves or arm chairs . they have free wifi and plenty of outlets for charging , and no one minded that i was working on my laptop . the woman working there was very kind , offering help to a confused visitor ( that would be me ) . the food menu consists of a panini , a toastie , a croque monsieur , a few salads , 1-2 soups , 2 entrees of the day , and plenty of delicious-looking pastries and cakes . my chicken broth soup was delicious and the portion was generous . i would return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently went there for a bit to eat and coffee . from the outside , the place looks trendy and inviting . once insight there is plenty of space to maneuver around . it 's clean . plenty of seats . funny enough that the toilet area was the warmest place in the building ( during the month of jan ) . food choices are limited and not that impressive for the prices you pay . my friends ordered quiche of which there was only one choice and it took a while to arrive . you will also notice that the kitchen is in the back and there is always staff traffic forth and back to the front counter . the staff is friendly enough . bit forgetful at times . forgetting your order . would i go back ? maybe not for now and if i do , only for coffee which is pretty average as well !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chris was so helpful and thorough with our rental ! if you 're in the chandler area i would highly recommend this storage place ! ! ! thanks chris ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent facility . clean and secure . management helped me out of a stressful situation last year and we were grateful for the service . awesome doing business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far storage units look nice and clean ! merrill was great at setting my fianc\u00e9 and i with a unit to help organize our move ! so far no hidden fees and the units are definitely affordable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good . just rented a unit . easy enough . checked out another storage facility in the area that did n't seem as secure so we 're happy with this choice so far . plan to upgrade to a larger unit during our move . hopefully the business works with us to make this as smooth as possible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had john out twice to clean the carpets . he is professional , friendly , and does a great job . he does n't try to suggest a bunch of unnecessary products or services , either . i will definitely continue using this service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had all bright clean all carpets ( 5 rooms ) in a two-story condo , including the stairs . very courteous and professional on the phone ; arranged for next day service ( a saturday ) . the young man jon arrived within the promised time frame and immediately got to work , which took about 1.5 hours . he was always courteous and never seemed to waste any time . base price based on groupon discount was quite reasonable . additional $ 20 to do stairs ( o.k . ) and additional $ 20 travel charge . that surprised me a bit because it is not a standard charge , but the company is in waddell , which is very , very far from the condo . paid agreed price via credit card and jon 's cell phone . it 's amazing what good marketing courtesy , professionalism and promptness is . i will be calling them again to do several more jobs coming up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to take the time and review this company for sending a great tech out to my house in mesa yesterday - i was not home but my family told me he was very nice.. once i got home i was very satisfied w the work he did ! i will be contacting them again.. i recommend ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they showed up on time , did n't try to add a bunch of fees , did the work and charged me what they quoted . good experience and the carpets are clean !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my carpets looked great when done ! i was so impressed with the time given to assuring my carpets came out so clean . such hard workers and i will use them again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had very high expectations given the reviews . started out well with great price and easy to schedule however got a call about one hour prior to appointment saying they had to cancel due to a trucks cleaning pipes `` freezing '' causing damage so would not make appointment ! 1 hour before ! we made several plans that were ruined due to this and ended up having to pay $ 80 more for another company to come do job that was `` scheduled '' . tried to stress importance of getting carpets cleaned today as we had dicussed earlier due to scheduled move for next day . they offered next day cleaning . again , stressed that this was not possible as we would be moving furniture in the next day . asked if they would pay for difference between their fee and other company that could schedule same day appointment . lady said that her supervisor said there is `` nothing we can do '' saying it was not intentional . low accountability and did not seem concerned about time and money this costed us . very disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service and follow up . deeann called me to confirm my order the day before my scheduled appointment . herman showed up on time and swiftly and effiiciently cleaned four rooms of carpeting . he was courteous and polite and did his job well . i recommend all bright carpet cleaners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hernan showed up in the appointment window i was given . he worked very quickly and removed stains from the carpet i though were permanent . very happy with the service and would definitely recommend and use again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a family owned company which i really like . there are only 2 of them and they are amazing . since they are a small company they work extra hard so that there customers keep returning . i have used them twice and each time i am very very pleased . we have gotten hernan twice and he cares about what he is doing . he pays close attention to detail . there price for doing our 1600 sq foot house with all capet is about $ 100.00 . way more inexpensive then their competitors and they care . i would recommend this company 100 times over ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first moved to pittsburgh , my eyes had a little trouble adjusting to the environment and i went to dr. ross because he was near me . the practice is quaint and cozy . dr. ross is very knowledgeable and thoroughly examines all eye issues . i had no trouble making an appointment either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back to jatujak for lunch and the experience was just not as good as before . maybe we should stick with the lunch menu during lunch ? crispy spicy chicken ( $ 10.95 ) was just disappointing . the flavours was there but the chicken was dry and hard . tasted not freshly deep fried and just from frozen pieces . pad kee mao ( $ 7.95 ) was ok . but it was not as good as last time i had it ? ! service was lukewarm ... this just made me sad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always looking for something great where i do n't have to drive downtown and i 've found it ! they say they are thai street food fare and i must say whatever thai street they are on , i want to be there ! it 's small but nice is clean . it 's in a nondescript plaza with plenty of parking in front . service is fast and welcoming . i ordered the thai lemon iced tea which was cool and refreshing . i also had the potato and onion curry ( added chicken for $ 1 ) and it comes with jasmine rice . it was a nice blend of sweet with a hint of kick . the menu shows one hot pepper to denote spiciness but honestly i did n't think it was spicy . the only thing i did n't like was the big chunks of onions in it - wish they made the pieces smaller . i ca n't wait to go back and try a few other things on the menu . they have lunch specials for well under $ 10 . nice to know great food exists around the corner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "green curry with fish , lemongrass chicken wings , and the mango salad were my favourites for the night . the thai iced tea ( milk tea with condensed milk ) was still a bit too sweet for my liking despite having asked for `` less sugar less sweetened '' as some reviewers had warned . would not recommend the shrimp cold spring rolls . would come back for thai food cravings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "magnificent ! massaman beef curry was best i 've had in toronto . rich in flavour ! delicious mango salad done 'vegan ' style without fish sauce ( i asked , happy they could accommodate ) really great five star flavours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've tried both jatujak 's locations now and find them about the same in terms of the food quality . the chicken wings and the pad thai are a bit too sweet for my liking , and the beef and chicken skewers are smothered in this creamy sauce that just does n't go well with the peanut dipping sauce . pineapple fried rice is decent as well as the spicy beef salad . curry was a bit watery and the beef in it was just ok . overall while it 's ok thai food for toronto , still not the high quality authentic stuff that i can get whenever i venture down south of the border .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it seems like scarborough is starting to step it up a notch . no longer will you have to endure the long waits in the downtown core to enjoy authentic thai . jatujak does a great job of satisfying my thai cravings . ordered the pad thai , and khoa soi . everything was done nicely , authentic flavours which are key.when eating ethnic foods and jatujak did not disappoint . came here at lunch time on a weekday , not busy at all which would have me concerned about how they can stay in business . however this is their second location so i 'm sure they will be able to hang in there as the word gets out about this new location . the mango sticky rice is a must try and i will definitely be coming back to try the curry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the best thai i 've had , not the worst . we were two and ordered 3 main dishes : the pad kee mao was the favorite dish we ordered . it was very tasty . the holy basil beef was okay , it was missing some flavour . and the green curry was just a fail . the colour , the texture and the flavour were deceiving . the service was so-so . they made an error with the curry , they gave us beef instead of chicken . we also wanted to replace the jasmine rice with sticky rice , but the sticky rice there were sweet ( like dessert sweet ) , so we changed it back to jasmine rice . i 'll only be coming back for the pad kee mao , probably take-out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shrimp veggie rolls : amazing dips and sauces , the ingredients were very fresh , however there was maybe half a slice of shrimp in every roll , not worth it in my opinion . mango salad : awesome flavors and very refreshing ! would recommend veggie pad thai : a bit overly sweet and tasted very saucy , delicious tho ! overall okay meal , i love thai food , but everything felt either a bit too sweet , or too sour", "score": "3"}
{"review": "usually do n't like thai food in toronto too much . this place will be the first exception", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly service , reasonable prices . thai iced tea was delicious as was the pineapple fried rice and green curry . pad thai was a tad over-sweet . overall a great choice if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best thai restaurants in the city . best pad kee mao in the city bar none ( has the wok aroma ) with good chunks of meat . all the curries and stir fries are top notch , the lemongrass chicken wings could open their own wings place . the only dish that is n't as good is the khao soi ( sukhothai has the best khao soi i 've tasted , though my sis told me pai might be better ) . i disagree with the reviewer below me , the rice is n't dry , this is the long-grain jasmine rice , the best rice . then again i guess it comes down to preference since i prefer basmati jasmine indian long-grained rice over sticky short chinese japanese korean rice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here last night as we were craving thai food and overall it was alright . we ordered pad thai , chicken satay , curry chicken and tom yum soup . the pad thai tasted a bit weird.. it tasted a bit tangy ( i 've had pad thai at other restaurants and it does n't taste like this ) . tom yum was alright , not sure why the texture of the soup was grainy . chicken satay was delicious , as well as their curry `` gaeng masaman '' . my favorite was the curry . very flavourful and addicting . would come back for that dish . overall i would give this place a solid 3 5 . it seems that they are understaffed as we had to get up a few times to get their attention . they are very fair on their pricing though , their dishes are larger than the standard imo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my sister and i took my mom here for her birthday and this place is a gem ! ! typically with scarborough restaurants , you think hole in the wall spot with good food , and this is just that ! as soon as we stepped in we were totally surprised . the interior decor and art work is so inviting , alomost has a queen west type of feel . the food was awesome , prices were fair . the service was kinda crappy . the restaurant wasnt busy at all when we went , just my family and one other couple , but the employees were just sitting at a table of their own chatting it up . we always had to interrupt them or wave them down to get water and napkins . i disliked that they didnt check in with us during our meal to see if we needed anything . aside from that i really liked the place , i would definitely check this place out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been once , but i 'm definitely going to try again . we had : - green curry beef - panang chicken - holy basil with egg ( chicken ) - pla rad prik - pad thai - thai ice tea they were all well above average quality , good portion sizes , reasonable prices . in particular , i think the green curry and the panang were favoured by the most people . we 'll come back again and try some more things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend recommended this place for our group to grab dinner and it was a good choice . the food is really well and well priced . i loved their green curry ! pad thai is sweeter than most places which i was n't a fan of . the mango salad was interesting lol , most people loved it and it was okay for me overall the dishes were good , we mainly choose the ones that had the thumbs up beside it . service wise ... . it was a bit slow . they kind of ignored us when we tried to wave them down and it took forever to get the cheque and take out boxes . it was n't that busy that night either", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our go to thai place ! some of the best thai food i have ever had , and the mango sticky rice dessert is to die for . have been here 5 times now and have yet to have a meal that is anything short of stellar . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious thai food . great service ! i have come here several times and the service and food have been exceptional . i enjoy their green curry a lot . i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have to agree on the reviews for jatujak ! it 's really one of the best thai restaurants in toronto area . the ambiance of this place is clean , modern and more than a gem for its location . air ventilation is great ! i love when restaurants proves a cozy and trendy and hip atmosphere ... . service and speedy and pleasant . i had the fish curry , which is super yummy and great flavour ! my hubby had the green curry chicken ... it 's living up the expectations . only bad the rice served need some improvement . it 's too dry ... . maybe a diff type of rice brand or a rice cooker ? ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best thai iced tea ever ! ! a must order if you come here . loved the ambiance too ( looks so much nicer inside than the other shops in the plaza ) . good service , prompt and courteous . we ordered the pad thai with beef which was very flavourful and good and also the chicken curry which was fresh . i preferred the pad thai - a must eat dish whenever i go for thai food ! definitely looking forward to going back ... i am still craving and thinking about their thai iced tea ... delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every now and then we had cravings for thai . but there are n't many good thai restaurants around . so i checked out the yelp and found this place . there are many choices , so we ordered some classics : lemon grass chicken wings , thai ice tea , beef pad thai , and chicken green curry . chicken wing is the best ! pad thai is slightly too sweet , and green curry is n't creamy enough , a bit more coconut milk and less bell peppers would be better . if this small diner were in singapore i would give a 3-star , but here in toronto , it definitely worth a 4-star . oh , the waitress was nice and polite . i 'll try green ice tea next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over rated but some items are ok and others are not that good . the mango salad was the only thing that was good and extremely generous for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to the restaurant twice and food was consistently good . it is comparable to the street style thai places in downtown toronto but a little less expensive . i would recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cute restaurant decorated with this modern thai flare serves out delicious dishes and good service . usually , i judge thai restaurants with staples , like chicken satay , pad thai , red curry . this time , i decided to venture out into the kao soi - which as other reviewers have mentioned is the bomb diggity . so good , so flavourful . the thai iced tea was also amazing - perfectly sweetened ! i did get to try a bit of the pad thai and massaman curry for take out on an other occasion , and i 'd have to say - portion sizes were generous . and the flavour was jam packed . yum . i 'm getting hungry writing this right now . seriously , forget taking ttc go bus or whatever you do to go downtown for your next thai fix . find it here . it 's quality thai food you wo n't regret . good for vegetarians and meat eaters - with plenty of options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "straight up , the word to describe this place is `` flavourful '' . i only had take out from this place recently and it was great . had the green curry , the sweet and sour tamarind chicken and a noodle dish i forget what it was . the amount of food we got would have been good for two and a half days between us it was gone in a day . i wont deny my gluttony took over because this was good food . where i live this is now my go to thai place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "between a 3-4 stars . tucked away in a small plaza in scarborough , his restaurant is easy to miss . it 's rather deceiving on the outside , as the decor inside is quite trendy with a thailand touch . pad thai was definitely a 4 , i enjoyed it a lot . we also ordered the special of the day which was a steam curry fish with rice , the appearance was impressive and excellent , taste of curry was great but the fish itself was mediocre . but hey this is not a seafood restaurant and for the price you pay the value is good . just bear in mind when you add chicken beef or shrimp into some dishes , there are costs associated with it-i think that 's why i took off a star . on a side note , i noticed lots of take out orders and uber eats pick up , who would n't want some authentic pad thai and fried rice ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a bit disappointed in this place . i ordered the pad ka pao with chicken , and it was basically just stir fried bell peppers and and chicken . the sauce was indeed quite spicy as described , but the dish still fell flat . the peppers were undercooked and the chicken did n't taste as though it was pre-marinated at all . it basically just taste like someone at home cut up a few veggies and chicken breast and threw it in a pan for a few minutes and added a grocery store marinade . at least i had a taste of some of my friend 's dishes which were quite a bit better and brings up this review a bit . from my experience : stick with the noodles and curries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lot of respect opening in this terrible mini strip mall . 2 vacancies on either side . the food is great . the cashew nut chicken feeds 2 , $ 15 . only reason i would n't return , the area is depressing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to regret giving them a 2 star . their food was very spicy like i wanted and their dish was great . the service killed my experience here . me and my friend where slowly eating our food and without much detail as i would n't know how to describe this scenario that followed - the waiter came over and was removing our plates that we had finished . i clearly said `` i 'm still working on it '' and he took not only the finished plates but the dish i was still working on ( with more than 50 % of the food still left ) . he must have been thinking of something because he obviously did not pay attention and i just watched in shock as he took our plates away . we sat there laughing thinking of it as a seinfeld moment . not returning again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some of the most tasty thai food i have ever had in the city . that includes some of the super expensive chic places in toronto . the curries are very flavourful and complex . the portions are more than fair . two meals at least from any take out . cold rolls : excellent . in a word : excellent , and really nice people as well . we found this place because of yelp , and we felt it only fair to put our two cents in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in a drab area like danforth this place is like an oasis ! great food and environment ! green thai curry and the spring rolls are a must have !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely overrated . came here for authentic thai and rave reviews big dissapointment . dishes are ridiculously small and very stingy with meat even though you pay extra for it ! curries were alright everything else including the tea way too sweet . pics of the place are misleading as well as the place is a dump ( lack of pride or maintenance ) and to top it off stomach did not sit well after our meal.. never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quality has gone down . last few times i went the vegetables in pad thai did n't taste fresh . tofu had a weird dish washing detergent taste freeze burn . tomato in the sauce was over powering . curry tasted bland . will not be returning considering this happened multiple times and it was not a one time thing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "discovered this place through uber eats . some of the best thai i 've had in the city ! i 've tried the beef khao soi , the massaman curry and pad thai ... all were delicious . very flavourful and reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "penang curry is flavourful and my fave dish at jatujak . though beware : even without adding spice , it might be considered spicy for diners that prefer mild no spice . the pad thai was delicious at first bite , but becomes increasingly overly sweet by the midway point of finishing the plate . mango salad is large enough to serve 3 people as an appetizer . the mango rice dessert is served as little mounds of multi-coloured rice , topped with mango halves , sitting beside little metal cups of coconut cream . the colourful rice does n't taste any different from usual white rice , but it makes it instagram-worthy . all in all , a-ok !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think it is the best thai food restaurant i have ever been in toronto . the dishes are good portion and reasonable price . i always order pad keep mao , tom khan soup and mango sticky rice . they do have lunch special that the dish portion is same as dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite thai place ! as good as khao san road , or even better ! since they have a wide selection on their menu and all items i 've tried so far are great . reasonable price for the quality of food and closer to me than downtown thai restaurants . definitely recommend to anyone who wants to try really good thai food : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favourite spots in scarborough . to me , it does not matter where it is located , as long as a restaurant is serving mouth watering foods . this place has delicious food that are reasonably priced . i go there every month or couple of times a month and their service has never disappointed me . my favourites : green curry and thai milk tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the neighbourhood , location , and exterior facade do n't even hint at the cozy interior . the food ! the few dishes that we sampled were very good , full of flavour . and generous portions . we 'll have to go back to sample more of their menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very nice place , just as my girlfriend says it 's a place where you can taste authentic thai food while enjoying the cozy furnishings . i will definitely recommend this place to people who addict to southeast asian food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered pad thai and sad yes to 'spicy ' . it was n't just spicy , it was so hot that we could n't even eat a quarter of the plate . there is a difference between 'spicy ' and 'suicide ' and they need to make that clearer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far the best thai food in toronto . best pad thai . no too sour not too sweet . we eat there at least once a week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : lunch specials ranged from $ 7-9 thai iced tea was $ 3.50 but we found it a bit watered down ( not as much condensed milk or tea flavour as we would 've liked ) pad thai : sweet and sauce and not ketchup based khao soi : the noodles did n't seem like egg noodles but the overall flavour was good . there was some spice to it which we liked . the beef was ok , not too dry like most places . service : we experienced good service and had no complaints . our server patiently explained the items we were n't familiar with . parking : we went on a sunday for lunch and there was ample parking in the small plaza 's lot . overall : we would go back to try some other dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg so good . beef salad , red curry , chicken skewers so delicious ! the pad thai was good , but could 've been less sweet , but you can kinda balance it with some chili hot sauce . adding to one of my fave restos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , good service . they deliver and you can order online , so many pluses for me : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and it 's hard to imagine good thai food in this neck of the woods . jatujak has two locations , one lion kingston road and the other on vp . the only draw back to the vicinity is it 's parking lot , it can be quite crammed due to the small shops along the plaza . however , when walking in , jatujak is quite appealing , clean , open floor concept , thai pan-asian decor , and overall intimate aura . after ordering our lemon iced tea and green milk tea both jc and i were stumped on deciding what to order ... if only i had the tummy or a sunk wrestler i 'd eat everything off the menu . thankfully yelp came to the rescue , however upon asking our helpful server she recommended their popular green curry dish and their pad thai . both were a delight to our palates . green beef curry , sweet savoury curry sauce with bamboo served with a bowl of rice . 4 5 pad thai , well presented , equal balance of flavors , not overpowering sweetness..4.5 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here after trying out kub khao thai and found out that they are sister restaurants . i loved kub khao thai so i was excited to try jatujak out . there is a chalkboard on the back wall with drawings of popular thai dishes such as khao soi - that is a cute touch . food was great as expected . we had the pad kee meow and green curry beef . both were delicious . definitely recommened all thai food lovers to try them out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always been to the kingston location before , but this one is somewhat closer ! it 's hard to get good thai food in scarborough , so i was so happy when this opened . to start , we got satay chicken . loved how it was marinated , it was juicy and flavourful - the satay sauce that came with it was addicting . the jatujak pad thai was delicious , i 'm addicted ! the pad see ew was also good . dinner portions were fair , price is reasonable . service was good , staff is friendly and welcoming . the quality of dishes from both locations was consistent , at least it was whenever i ate there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "plus : good attempt to have a decent thai food place on vic park . almost pull off downtown or queen st. vibe . however , if you are in a strip mall on vic park , and charging downtown prices , then you quality and ambience must also be on par . this was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been ordering from here for about a year . at first we really liked this place but it is totally inconsistent ! it 's very frustrating . i usually try something different but my partner gets the same thing every time and every time it 's different . this would n't be a bad thing if it was always good , but it 's not . last night we both got the same thing . both dishes had no sauce were totally underseasoned and the noodles overcooked . the only difference was his was beef and mine was veggies and tofu . it was very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a great find when we happened to be around the area . ambience : moderately sized dining area and a inner room in the back with more decors . but the dining area is nice to sit in . food : we looooved all the food we ordered . we had lemongrass chicken wings ( asked for sauce on the side and was able to accommodate ) . the tom yum soup with shrimp was very tasty and well blended flavours . jus the right amount of ingredients in the soup . we ordered a pad kee mao ( hot and spicy stir fry noodles with egg , +beef ) ; and gaeng phed curry +chicken . everything has its own flavour and texture . the rice noodles were so soft and cooked just right . the curry is a bit on the watery side but tastes very good . good portion and had leftover . we ordered the mango sticky rice for dessert and i wish i could have 2 ! overall a great last minute search experience ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the quality of the food is exceptional as is the service . surprising as this culinary delight is located in an unimpressive rundown strip mall ( victoria park ) . mango salad : perfect start to you meal and large enough to share ( 4 ) thai curry puffs : must try , can you stop after one ? gaeng kiew whan ( green curry ) , my personal favorite jatujak pad thai : a little too sweet for my tastes great value ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i 've ever used yelp but i felt compelled to write that this by far the best thai food i have ever had . one of my top 5 places to eat in toronto . you ca n't go wrong here and the prices are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "popped in today for lunch . had the khao soi . it was quite tasty and the prices are pretty reasonable . the broth had a great aroma and there was lots of flavour . portion of chicken is quite generous and the ingredients work very well together . atmosphere was very nice , simple decor . staff was friendly and had recommendations which was nice . good to get a reservation during peak time as it does sometimes get busy at lunch . wouls definitely go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food here is awesome ! we were visiting from chicago and looking for something to eat in the area . we ordered the holy basil with egg , penang curry , pad ke mao and khoa sai - everything was very flavorful ! this place is better than sukothai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i should have known better to go to uno anywhere other than chicago , but it was late and i was hungry . service was fine ... .i do n't know what to say ... expensive , restaurant should have been much cleaner considering there was only about 10 people there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the lunch special at the pizzeria uno is a good deal , so that must be why we keep going back even though we have terrible service time after time . do n't go there if you 're looking for a quick lunch . the servers are usually absent-minded and it takes a while for your food to come out . the pizza is all right , but as a chicagoan , it ca n't compare to the true deep dish pizza back home . if you go , the flatbread quesadillas are a good dish to try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a big fan . we ordered pizzeria uno for dinner delivery one time and i had the deep dish . not impressed at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have fond memories of uno . i watched a football game with a friend here last year , and she drank until she puked underneath her bar table . it was shameful , and i like to tease her about it . yep , that 's my friends . uno is a little generic , but the food is good and the prices are right . there 's a decent bar . the service is a little sloppy and slow , but it 's kind of what you 'd expect for this type of place . i really like the giant peanut butter cup dessert . it might actually be why i keep coming back in spite of the spotty service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let me start by saying that i do n't like uno 's to begin with . my friend convinced me that i should give them another chance . while the food was better than i remembered , it was just okay . reminds me of a friday 's , only with pizza . i think their pizza is , again just okay . they did n't have blue moon on tap or in the bottle but it was listed on the menu . boo . however , if you need something quick and are n't that pickey , be my guest .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a factory speaker replaced . great , fast & friendly service from zack . fair prices . thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called yesterday to schedule an appointment to have a my remote start removed from another company that was installed over 6yrs ago . cj the person i spoke with understood the situation and we scheduled a 4pm appointment . i arrived a few minutes early only to find the doors are locked on a offsite install . i received no type of communication for a reschedule and then told completely the opposite info to help me once they did n't want to do the work . i would definitely stay away from this place ! bad business practices and unprofessionalism ! ! horrible business ! ! buyer beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this use to be the place to go but have fallen from grace . the guy working in there hardly knew how to clearly communicat about the product i needed . oh and good luck if you want to hear any of displays 2 3rds of them do n't work , some of the ones that are work are only half working , you 're not aloud to touch them , and the guy did n't know what was what .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolute trash ! the worst interlock company by far , their `` fees '' are completely unreasonable . they charge a $ 35 `` missed appointment fee '' and then $ 25 more to re-schedule . not to mention their payment system magically finds amounts that you owe and not one of their staff could give me an explanation . please please do n't use this company ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "safe harbor was a terrible choice for my interlock system . my interlock system locked my car becasue it was faulty and it took me a week to get it into the tecnician adn then they tried to charge me $ 600 when it was their equipment that was faulty . and each day i did n't take it in , they tacked on an additional charge . i would never reccommend anyone using this company . go anywhere else . i ended up having them remove the system and went to someone else that provided much better service to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "safe harbor is a rip off ! their equipment is old , they treat you like garbage and charge ridiculous amounts for anything they can dream of . save yourself money and headaches and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a scam ! unwarranted violations to make you pay , because the handsets are faulty . and since you are already untrustworthy nobody will listen to you . they get away with ripping you off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you left me stranded in the mountains with no return emergency call at 1am . just installed yesterday incorrectly because it malfunctioned and then drained my battery . you can bet i 'm going somewhere else ! do n't advertise emergency if you do n't take calls . crooks ! you ruined my bmw", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i find it interesting to see these reviews and , frankly , wonder if they are not competitors vs. actual customers . this is the only provider that we would ever recommend as they have been incredibly helpful with resolving any problems with mvd ( the real problem in this rodeo ) . they also worked to get things changed to benefit their customers and have a very high early removal rate . we have also had to deal with the corporate offices of draeger and can compare it to dealings with the other providers and home offices . those other providers refuse to provide proof that it was their instrument and seem to have a great knack for violating people at the end of their contract so mvd extends the time on the device . that is not our experience with safe harbor and the draeger corporate office . highly trusted owner and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here ! their equipment does n't work properly and they will fine you for it ... scam ! other places do not make u sign a contract and do not charge u for the equipment not working ( not registering your blow ) or for other inaccuracies . i have several videos proving the equipment did not work as every time i had a problem they told me that did n't happen and it 's in the contract and here 's another $ 20 charge for some other bs they did n't tell u about . no one should be charged because the blow is n't recognized . not a fail , just an unregistered blow . highway robbery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away from this interlock company . worst interlock company - worst company and employees i have ever encountered . my interlock would not start ( it was not my vehicle ) and was stranded in the heat for 3 hrs waiting for a ride because this company is not open sunday 's . when calling and explaining my situation the next day . i got absolutely no help the customer service reps treated me as if i was lying and got hung up on . they would not send a tech to check out the interlock . which cost me $ 500 to tow my car to a mechanic and even though it 's the actual device that 's not working . they will not reimburse me . theyvdo n't care what so ever . if you have an option to pick an interlock company steer clear of this one because if anything happens to that device . you are on your own", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a bar inside the golden nugget casino . we arrived right after a band finished and before a new one began playing . it 's a very small bar , so if there 's music , it 's loud . but we were n't there for music . kudos to boris the bartender . i asked him to surprise me and expected him to make me an existing drink . but no . he asked if i wanted sweet or dry and if i preferred vodka or tequila . then he invented a drink for me ! it had tequila , pineapple juice , lime , and blue curacao ( i 'm probably forgetting something ) . it was yummy and as strong as 3 drinks -- no joke . my husband had a rum and coke and his was also very strong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i came here on saturday night to check out the frankie moreno band . this lounge is fairly small , but they have very cool seating areas . our service was friendly and prompt and the band was rockin the house ! drinks were strong ( and plentiful ! ) we probably would not have know this lounge existed if we had not been invited by friends to view the band there . now that i know about this place we will probably come back when we are downtown entertaining friends . if this was a review of the band alone it would be 5 starts . rush lounge is very lucky to have such amazing talent playing at their venue . the frankie moreno band is like non other . such talent ! ca n't wait to come back and see them at rush lounge again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if the rush lounge is any indication , the golden nugget is feeling their wheaties these days . the prices at the rush lounge are darn close to strip prices , and if one of your party is the designated driver , good luck with that ... '' sorry buddy , no coffee '' , and a tiny glass of soda was $ 4 , as was the water offered to our dd ( with no mention of cost ) . they obviously are tourist oriented ... rip them off , piss them off , who cares ? there 's always another sucker . well this was the first and last time these locals will be in . congratulations , you got an extra four bucks and lost a customer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in here on our way to the fremont st. experience today around 7:30ish , but the waitress on duty did n't acknowledge us nor did she attempt to even say hello . in a near empty lounge , she completely ignored us and opted to clean off a table in the corner instead . i 'm thinking she is either completely untrained in customer service or just rude and not very good at the hospitality thing . either way , spare yourself a miserable experience and try another watering hole . we finally just got up and left , too many places to give our business to in this town to put up with beyond sub par service . another server attempted to ask if he could help us as we were walking out without being helped or acknowledged , but by that time i was just disgusted by the lack of customer service altogether . i would not give them another chance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere ... great staff ... awesome entertainment . great classy place to grab a drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a 2 for 1 well drink ticket . 1 well drink equals 1 shot of vodka and 3 4 cup of soda comes out to 11 dollars . really crazy price ! drink was lousy for the price . will go elsewhere . no music or anything going on . rip off", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bartender was n't very friendly ( this was 10:00pm , thursday oct 4 ) . not that he was mean , but just was n't very welcoming . it also took a long time for him to ask me for a second drink . i had to keep looking at him to get his attention , and it 's not like the lounge was busy . the musical act was good though , the ambience was demure . the noise level was low to moderate . i 'd go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute little lounge . got lucky and found a couple of empty seats . the drinks are really good and not bad on prices . the german chocolate cake martini was really good . $ 11 . the band we listened too played requests . good mix of oldies and new stuff too . they were called status , the band .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the rush lounge is beautiful intimate lounge inside the famous golden nugget in downtown las vegas . i saw an amazing band called `` status the band '' and they kept the place jumping all night ! they played a huge selection of music including r & b , pop , country , mowtown , funk , hip hop , 80 's , 90 's and current radio hits . my friends and i had a great time and ca n't wait to go back ! the staff was great and we even played blackjack inside the lounge while listening to status the band . the bartender said they are usually there earlier during the week starting sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bartender has a long pour and the service is excellent . comfortable seating and the sax was great . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for being one on fremont & 2 being the golden nugget the drinks were chaching . having said that . the drinks were yummy & the `` band '' palpable . just keep drinking they get better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "f # # # # # ' love this place . we go here , at least for a while , nearly every night we are in vegas . julie the bar tender is excellent . there 's a guy who come on for an hour who is a little less friendly . live music act is great and will take requests . the only real negative is the bar stools . if you lean back the top of the back rest digs into your back . gets uncomfortable . otherwise , as everyone else has said . a hidden gem so do n't tell anyone . we have not been here on sunday or monday nights so do n't know what it is like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a gem to find ! after a long few days of conventioning we stumbled onto this place during a walk around fremont st . noticing some great elvis music being sung , we stopped in and hung out for a while . great band , great atmosphere ! definitely will be coming back next year !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little joint with live bands and well drinks . small and intimate seating cool place to just chill and relax", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite bar in vegas . simply stated , it is the staff . great people headed up by don - really set the tone for a great night out in vegas . in addition , chelsy is wonderful ! great experience ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly service all the time and a nice selection of liquors i ca n't find and neighboring liquor stores . they also carry everything from cereal boxes to cleaning products . haha an easy one stop shop with good alcohol prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drop the convenience and you got yourself an all-start liquor store . for some reason , walking in and seeing bags of chips , slim jims and shampoo does nothing for me . so , going forward , i shall call this place `` star liquor store . '' and what better name to have on yelp , eh ? especially when the booze selection earns 5 yelp stars . i 'll un-cap ( get it ? ) the star-worthy appeal : +they sell the white chocolate ale from a local az brewery ( it 's amazing ) +you can pick up a single pint glass or beer mug ( wine glasses too ) +they carry rogue and most all other major west coast breweries +their wine selection is impressive and they have liquor too ! +their prices are competitive and cheaper than bevmo this is fast becoming my fave spot to stop . you wo n't have to fight the noise or crowd of papago to pick up a 6-pack . and the owners are super nice with excellent service . check out their site : http : www.starlc.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing i think of when i walk in here is the movie `` do n't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood , '' haha wow ! that lady is everywhere and i keep waiting for her to pop up out of the freezer and say , `` can i help you ! '' i want to walk in with a sign that reads , `` i 'm not a thief ! '' this place is right across the street from me and they have a huge selection of beer , wine , liquor and a few random convenient store items thrown in . if you 're looking for something weird you ca n't usually find , they will have it for sure , but it 's gon na cost you . if you want your basic case of beer , definitely go elsewhere ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheapest kegs in town . and do n't forget about the 89 cent bags of ice . a regular stop for the asu tailgate team before a game . phong is mos def the shit . he 's been sellin me booze since back when he owned t 's liquor on dorsey . `` what time is it ... par-t-time ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little shop for a quick beer pickup . selection is n't the largest , but it 's consistent and fairly priced . customer service is wonderful as well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place and its owner operators are the best . phong and his wife are pleasant , fun , and have great stories . they have a good selection of import beers and phong even ordered in something for us that he did not normally stock . the prices are reasonable and he has all of your convenience needs on top of the great beer and liquor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a pack of backwood cigars got all the way home and noticed there was a tear in the package . all the cigars we 're stale ! i drove back to get a new pack and exchange the one i just bought . the lady working in the front said why did yoi open them ? i was like what ? ? ? i did n't know they we 're going to be stale . she seemed to be upset she had to give me a new pack ... not my fault at all ! ! just seemed stupid to complain to a customer who just spent 30 dollars in there 15 min ago ... .penny pinchers ! ! ! ! i would come in there at least 3 times a week and spent $ 30 the couple just lost me as a customer dumb move .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i have been going to star liquor for the last six months , usually 3 to 4 times a week . we pick them because they are locally owned and like to help support , but after tonight i wo n't return ! ! ! ! ! the owner was extremely rude and has been the last few times we 've been . my boyfriend always pays with his debt card and it 's not it the best shape , because its used . yes , it 's time to get a new card , but turning away business because his card it pretty old is not good business . the owner did n't even bother asking if we had another card ( which i did ! ! ! ) or cash to pay with . he said `` go somewhere else '' ... .. really ? ? ? i was stunned and now just mad ! went across the street to qt lol it 's the same price , but still angry that he turned away our business over a card . i guess qt just came into a lot more business from us !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a great selection of brew . lots of unusual imports and microbrewz . the owner phong is the shit as well , love that guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place in the valley that i know that sells don q anejo rum . at one time you could only get this rum in the east coast or in puerto rico . the owner was very friendly and even chatted with me about the rum . i travel 20 minutes to go to star liquor and its well worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place . neat , clean , organized & the employees are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chocolate elvis ( banana , peanut butter , honey and nutella ) on an incredible pairing of egg bread slices is so , so good , but for $ 7 less i can make it for myself at home and skip the surly service that , along with too-long lineups on weekends , has become a fixture at this slightly overrated diner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the vibe of this place , but the food was average . brown toast - a little thicker than usual , but no noticable grains or seeds . fried eggs - brown on edges , which one of my friends enjoyed , but that 's not how eggs are supposed to be done . `` home fries '' - do you you like the mcdonald 's version ? you 'll love these . ( the patty was ok , but i like real home fries . ) coffee - typical diner coffee . service - waitress was attentive but unenthusiastic , until we engaged her and she came out of her shell . we were basically the only ones in the place at 9:30 on a monday morning , but the cook took a long time to make these basic breakfasts . 3 specials plus the huevos ... .maybe the huevos slowed him down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're going on a weekend , well , do n't . in the winter it might be more manageable , but in the summer , when they triple their capacity by adding a patio , they do n't seem to triple their staff - so it 's a lot of waiting around . soooo , it 's just ok ok . but weekdays ? whole different story . quick , good diner food . their all-day breakfast is tasty and that 's what i stick with . i 'm a sucker for those hashbrown patties . weekday it up , ok ? !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok ok diner does n't really need the second `` ok '' . i sat out on the patio which i was relieved to have some shade from the large umbrellas because i 'm like a fat , british old person in hot weather ( except i 'm not fat , nor am i british . maybe getting old ) . anyway , my brain 's melting in this heat . inside did not appear to have a c. it took awhile to get a menu and one of the waitresses did n't seem too pleased to have new customers coming in . the waitress that served us was `` two '' okays . i had the eggs beatrice which was , surprise `` ok '' . i 'm disappointed to read in the other review that they 're store-bought hash browns . i figured they would be because they 're shaped too perfectly . i would 've chosen an older kind of cheese with more punch . the cheese that was in the sauce was a tad on the bland side . i would give this place another shot but i might wait til it cools down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "many options & vegetarian heaven ! i love all day breakfast & ca n't complaint about anything except the waitress made me feel that 10 % tips is not enough for a simple meal with minimum service . food portion was big , took half for lunch next day . juice is expensive , $ 4 a glass but freshly squeeze . good place to go for lunch as most places in leslieville opens after 5pm on weekdays !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly love this little place . it 's exactly what you would expect but more . the service was so genuine ! the food was actually decent ! expect the hash browns are odd . there not diced there just shaped similar to mcdonald 's . i wish they had different ones . anyways went here for breakfast new year 's day . small place with only about 4-5 booths and the bar area . we were seated at the bar and told we would be in a booth soon . we were ! since the place is so small it gets cold when people come and go but the server was all over it shutting the door every time it opened ! i would 100 % go back for breakfast . cheap , delicious and convenient ! ! 3.8", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meal i had here was 'ok ' at best , used to be tony 's a greasy spoon that made a damn good greasy spoon breakfast for like $ 5 . it seems to be some sort of hipster idiot attempt at a greasy spoon , meaning the food was bland and lower than my expectations and at the end of it i paid through my anus . eggs bene and a glass of oj ran me more than $ 20 with a tip . i have never gone back nor would i .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the heuvos here . it was good . it 's described as being scrambled eggs , but it 's really more like an egg omelette wrapped in a tortilla with some blackbeans spread between the eggs and tortilla to help it stick . they roll it up and put a dallop each of guacamole , sour cream and salsa . and ta da ! my bf had their version of eggs benny , but it 's served on a hash brown , like the ones that mcdonald 's has instead of an english muffin . the poached eggs were made with a mould ! i do n't feel like the food is made from scratch or anything . of the choices available in leslieville , this one is not as good as some of the other places in the hood .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not okay to sit with an empty coffee cup for 15 minutes . not okay to offer a potato patty reminiscent of hangover remedy from mcdonalds circa 1989 . not okay to have an indifferent waitress . not okay when forced to leave the comfort of the lovely patio to hunt down some ketchup for aforementioned pre-frozen patty . not okay to be without caffeine and adequate service while the customers across the street at stratengers are laughing and talking and clearly enjoying a quick cheerful breakfast at half the price . not going back . not okay at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent diner . i had huevos . my friend had eggs bernadette . it was okay ; nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yuck , its not ok ok to put eggs benny on a deep fried potato patty . then top it with hollandaise from a can . so turned off , will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the eggs bernadette are a revelation . poached eggs on top of wilted spinach , peameal bacon , and a hash brown , all covered with bearnaise sauce . the peameal is beautifully seared , the pork fat rendered out and impregnating the spinach , hash brown , and sauce . there 's a wonderful flavour of slightly sweet , perfectly browned pork that runs through the entire dish - a flavour i normally associate with chinatown , like roast pork from bbq joints or deep fried pork dumplings at dim sum . entirely unexpected at brunch , but entirely delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great diner . great milkshakes , burgers , fries ( big portions of excellent properly fried fries ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burgers on queen street ! perfect toppings-no changes necessary for me . a bit messy -recommend a fork and knife !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last minute brunch and feel like i hit a jackpot ! we must have hit good time ( 12:45 on a sunday ) as we were seated immediately and had the option of the patio . this is a casual spot with comfy patio space . had a lovely waitress who was kind , quick and easy going . offered specific suggestions when asked . i had the eggs bernadette poached eggs , with spinach on a hash brown . was delicious and came out quickly . the waitress offered a fresh lemonade to enjoy the sunshine as we were seated and it was delicious ! will definitely come back and would recommend to anyone in the area looking for a casual spot to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very much a `` diner , '' but good good food . ca n't wait to sit on the patio in the spring .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as other reviewers have noted , it lives up to its name . the food was pretty pretty good . however , the side pancake i ordered was not fluffy ; rather sad really . i know i can screw up a pancake at home but you would n't expect this at a diner . having said that , i found the staff to be very pleasant . i was offered coffee twice whilst i waited for a table to become available . all in all good value for the buck . i will definitely return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has become one of my standards anytime i head out to beach area . maybe it 's not phenomenal but i am always pleased with the food here . it 's breakfast . it 's enough to get to my next destination on queen east . and to be honest , they have a better cup of coffee than most other breakfast places . it 's an easy atmosphere i have n't had to wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favourite little breakfast spot in leslieville . seats greeted with a warm smile , and served in a timely manner . the spinach eggs benny is my fav . been going here for years and have successfully recommended it to many friends ! 5 stars guys ! keep up the good food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "burgers . eat the burgers . one of the best kept burger secrets in town . do n't get fooled by the breakfasts and the hashbrowns ( yes , those are all plenty solid too , nothing to shake a stick at , nothing fancy either , just straight up and hearty ) but if you 've got a hangover and a hankering for a cheeseburger and a chocolate shake ? drag that headache on over and sink your teeth into their homemade patties and revisit the previous nights antics , and yes , you really did do that . but here , have a swig of frosty chocolate shake with pieces of chocolate chunks in it , see ? better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sort of liked this place ... and it sounds like i am sort of alone on that sentiment . ok ok diner is a cute little place with an awesome super bright side patio . i always get their tasty and filling huevos rancheros and the service has always been quick and friendly ( although i have only gone for brunch on weekdays ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great wee diner in this very bohemian neighbourhood . the owner correctly identified us as coming from glasgow ( 2 stars right away for that ! ) and consequently much cheery banter ensued . i had the 'elvis is king ' , manly because i was curious to see what challah toast was . it turned out to be french toast ( eggy bread ) covered in peanut butter with banana , with a cinnamon dusting and grilled with an egg topping . very yummy , but completely overshadowed by my 2 ladies ' choice of eggs brunhilde - 2 poached eggs balanced on asparagus spears on a bed of smoked salmon and hash browns , with hollandaise sauce . a visual and taste breakfast masterpiece - i was instantly jealous ! great food , great service and the price is definitely right . a big thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two words : real hollandaise . 3.5 stars . if you ca n't tell the difference between that god-awful fake stuff and the real deal and you 're an eggs benny devotee , then this place will wo n't do it for you . however , if you know where your towel is at , then you should check out this place . despite being very busy on a sunday morning , the staff were extremely friendly , even witty , and on their service game . the vibe is retro-cool meets , well , diner . black and white tube tvs playing cp24 was a great touch . and the food it really hit the spot . certainly not the best i 've ever had , benny or other , but really solid . i can see why this is a busy neighbourhood joint and i 'm a little jealous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't go in here expecting high class food . they serve simple breakfast and lunch meals . it is not above average , maybe not even average . but the price is right for what they serve and the staff is incredibly friendly . the ambience of this place makes it worth going to , if you love diners that is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for some quick sustenance while my boyfriend and i wandered around leslieville . we order the grilled cheese and balt ( bacon , avocado , lettuce and tomato ) sandwiches . it was the perfect sized snack to keep us going . their fries are also really great . really enjoyed the decor in the diner as well . the old school tvs and chalk menu board were great additions . the only complaint was that their smoke detector went off twice while we were there . no one seemed worried about it , which made me assume it 's a regular occurrence . it 's a small , open concept kitchen that is next to the dining area , so it 's bound to happen ... . i suppose .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have gotten breakfast there twice to go ( i live really close and would rather sit at home than in there , it 's usually too packed anyways ) and today i decided to switch it up and get a cheeseburger and fries . it cost me around $ 12 and i had to order the fries separately . the fries were absolutely horrible , they were skinny , stringy , greasy and not cooked properly and has huge chunks of sea salt on top . the burger was super bland and the toppings were dry . it did n't come with a drink , that would have cost me more . all in all , my lunch experience sucked but i still like their standard breakfast and is great for a lazy weekend morning especially due to the proximity .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "`` a grumpy and terse waitress `` as from what i read in another review is really close to this woman and her wait staff skills . third time experiencing the local spot - definitely the last time . first time was solo and they were very busy . decent burger . second time the server was glaring instead of waiting my table with company . definitely in a foul mood and visibly shown . third visit , today , incorrect orders . sarcasm when addressed . i 'm no fan and wo n't need to go back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here a few times since moving to the neighborhood and have n't been disappointed . solid food and decent coffee . space is small but i 've never had to wait long if at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's not the cleanest diner , but the food is great , service is fast and the staff are always polite and helpful . the price is unbeatable for breakfast . it 's small , so sometimes you have to wait for a table . just do n't use the washroom in the basement - it 's really really gross .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a very nice bearnaise sauce over poached eggs with spinach and peameal on hash browns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good diner-y breakfast foods . the old tvs behind the counter are a nice touch but otherwise decor is basic diner . their various versions of eggs benedict all come on has browns rather than an english muffin . a bit weird but it works . hollandaise is quite good . the egg burrito could use more beans but was fine . coffee is n't superb but is n't bad . service is quick and pleasant overall , a decent diner breakfast lunch place . i do n't know if a place like this could ever be super-impressive but there 's little to complain about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for brunch on a sunny saturday morning . buttermilk pancakes are amazing , the rest is regular . hash browns were not good ( frozen , old oil ) . waitress was very kind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great neighbourhood diner , inexpensive and consistently good food ! love their skinny fries ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently good . food , staff and atmosphere are great . go to breakfast joint in leslieville . only drawback are the exceptional small booths , and the frozen mcdonald 's style hashbrowns , but other than that , great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was pretty dismal . went for sunday brunch and while our server was pleasant , she forgot part of my order and never checked in on the table . the food was bad . i had a sort of huevos rancheros inspired dish that arrived cold and tasted like the eggs you get on an airplane . the eggs were stuffed with tasteless cheese and a lump of watery guacamole was thrown on top of the whole pile . my fianc\u00e9 's eggs came with 3 triangle frozen potato patties and were topped with badly broken hollandaise . with coffees and tip the meal came to about $ 40 ... .. not too bad for brunch ... ... but for $ 40 i want something better than what comes to my seat on air canada .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have a thing for old school diners . i love the booths and the tiny cups of coffee and the greasy sausage links . there 's something so universal about them . constant . and ok ok diner is exactly that , okay . it 's not some super huge , up to date , flashy diner meats lunch joint spot . it 's not trying to be fancy or nouveau or healthy , it 's just a diner in the east end .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi all , first review . i was working in the area and was told to go here for great food . i love the old diner feel this place has . table was clean , service was excellent . i ordered the burger , cause why not at a diner . it did not disappoint . i even give the fries a thumbs up . my friend ordered the juevos rancheros and he gave it a thumbs up . said the eggs were creamy and delicious . good food , great price , great service , great time . 4 stars . drew", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good . everything you want in a breakfast place : fresh , warm , yummy food ; hot coffee ; good service . the food is classic , with a bit of spin . ( i had the veg eggs benedict , which had a hash-brown square instead of a english muffin ; the bandana blueberry pancakes were excellent - moist and puffy ) unpretentious atmosphere , it is a true diner . had to wait a bit , but this is expected at brunch on a sunday . would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is typical of a diner . service is straightforward . small location so be prepared that they may not seat you . i arrived first and was told i could n't be sat at a booth ( no other spots were available ) because i was by myself . i was leaving and the waiter proceeded to seat a couple who arrived after me . they might have doubled their business on that transaction but discouraged my future business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to try the eggs bernadette but it was n't available when i visited . got the breakfast with peameal ham and it was very good . service is great . not complaints will come back again to try the eggs bernadette", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used to be regulars until this morning . we get to this tiny place and all the booths are taken , one of the main servers ( woman with shoulder length hair ) was setting up outdoor patio tables , we asked if we could sit there ? we were told i 'm not ready ? instead of saying sure , i 'll grab you a coffee and keep setting up and i 'll take your order from you shortly once i 'm done . we were a tad freaked that she would say this to regulars who tip this person very well , we left and went to what is now our favourite new breakfast spot . in this day and age , this kind of incompetent service will close the doors . the food was always served tasty but luke warm . ok , ok , good-bye , good-bye .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . organic fair trade coffee was good but no non-dairy option to go with it . food was decent . the worst part was that our food came like 5 min after ordering and then we got asked to leave soon after because of the line up . sorry but when people go for brunch they go to hang out . not eat quickly and leave . i would not go back for brunch for that reason . i would rather wait in line at lady marmalade for 45 min and eat good food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was n't very happy with the experience nor food . their eggs benni was disgusting . will not be coming back here again . def not top breakfast joint as blog to states .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , without the pretence . my office is around the corner , so i come in fairly regularly . the souvlaki is underrated - it 's one of the best in the city . not dry , and really , really well seasoned . the chef is the owner , and he 's fantastic . his passion for food is obvious , and it shows in the cooking . this is n't a `` diner-concept '' - it 's a diner . good food at fair prices with good service . i wish there were more places like this in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch yesterday ... ... was pleasantly surprised by the friendly service , great diner food and comfortable surroundings ... .. i will be back of breakfast soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after walking by a million times , we finally went in for sunday brunch . when we walked in , we ran into some friends and were able to sit with them . i 'm sure that the folks standing in line were envious . what can you do ? my friends live in the area and go quite regularly and said that they normally share a breakfast and each order a side . i ordered the huevos & i can see why , it was a huge log ! it was a flour tortilla wrapped around eggs , cheese and black beans topped with a dollop of gaucamole , sour cream & salsa . it was a-ok . the server was nice and attentive . if you do n't want to wait in line , go early ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . it 's a lovely diner , perfect for brunch . the pancakes are the best . plain , banana & blueberry , or chocolate chip . you get three ( each one is as big as your face ) served with a healthy serving of butter . i live in the area and if i had my way , i would be there every saturday morning eating the fantastic pancakes . it 's a different vibe than a place like lady marmalade . but if you want lady marmalade ... go to lady marmalade . come to ok ok diner if you want a delicious classic breakfast : pancakes , eggs , bacon , toast , etc . a great bonus - the pancakes are only $ 7.99 ? where else can you get breakfast and a coffee for $ 10 ? i went once and ordered a vegetarian sandwich . i learned my lesson ... ok ok is great but stick with the breakfast . the pancakes are amazing and the sandwich and fries were mediocre .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty typical diner , i went a few times for breakfast going with the sausage and eggs . nothing really stood out , average food and not overly cheap or expensive . may return again if in the area", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always nice but they try to nickel and dime ya to death with the extras . stay strong and keep your eye on the prize ... .romanburger ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding in every way ! ! ! ! ! ! everyone connected to this location are exceptionally nice , caring and great people . they make this customer feel special each time i visit . i recommend this location to nearly everyone i know for excellent service , quality food and confidence that every ounce of serve will be great ! ! ! ! ! ! the owners or franchise managers at this location are special in the mr . hero network . my first though for food when on the fly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not my favorite location . the staff is friendly . the lettuce tastes funky every time we order from here . i 'd much rather drive a little more into lakewood since that location has fresher tasting veggies .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this mr hero location , always friendly service and the place seems clean . the lady at the counter is efficient , unlike most places such as this in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "credit card policy is a bit of a joke . typical mr hero food . decent 4 lunch . friendly staff , crazy policy on cards . i was using cash but while waiting for my food 4 customers walked in and walked out because of the policy . talking about cutting off your nose to spite your face .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite fast food in ohio ! i do not live in ohio anymore and this is one place i miss so much ! romanburgers and potato waffer fries are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never experience fast and efficient oil change with great customer service until i came here . a `` 15 minute oil change '' is exactly what you get , and the best part is you get to stay in your car while they do it . i purchased a groupon deal for a synthetic oil change , but you always get a coupon for a few dollars off your next oil change and car wash . thank you for making oil changes so easy and convenient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place for change oil..drive thru change oil..fass service..awesome owner and great staff ! ! hey guys donot forget to check out group on for discount ! ! i be back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very detailed and walk customers through everything they are doing to the vehicle . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a quick and easy oil change ? look no further this place is great ! great customer service and fast service ! also there 's a gas station next and a car wash one stop shop ! ! ! plus you get 15 bucks off when you yelp ! woot woot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon deal for a synthetic blend oil change for $ 34.00 bucks . upon my arrival i was immediately greeted . the crew here is awesome ! ! great customer service , very informative . took time to keep me inform and explain the steps there were taken with the car . didnt try to upsell like other places ive been too . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove from the strip all the way to this location due to the great yelp reviews . i had bought a groupon for a full synthetic oil change . there were a few cars ahead of me , but the wait was n't too bad . pablo made sure to let me know how long it would take before it was my turn . he was also the one that checked my car . he did n't try to upsell any services , which i appreciated . i was in and out in about 15-20 minutes . everyone worked really quickly and communicated with each other very well . i ended up paying 2 something for tax . thanks pablo ! i 'll be back for all my future oil changes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my god ! hands down the bestt oil change experience i have had in along long tome . so fast . fo fun . the crew was joking around the entire time and i was in an out in less then 10-15 minutes ! they even caught the mistakes that were made during my previous oil change with my air filter . their prices for the filters are much lower than places like jiffy lube also.definitely recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe how fast they changed my oil . i drove right in went in to the waiting room and in 15 minutes i was all done . i did not know , but they do smog checks too . the price was very similar to what the jetta dealership was going to charge me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw these guys today and they were so helpful ! the fastest oil change i 've ever had in my life . i was in and out of there in 15 min . definitely coming back in a few months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! fast and great costumer service ! i never go anywhere else . plus i got half off the car wash at fabulous freddy 's which was awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , convenient and professional . i redeemed a groupon ( 24.99 ) for a conventional oil change , they checked everything else on my vehicle and gave me a `` recommendation sheet '' with prices , service time and mileage timeline . i will definitely be coming back even without a groupon . 20 % military discount .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . best oil change experience i 've ever had . they make it clear on what you need and what you can afford to wait a bit on . multiple oil options based on your usage . you do n't leave feeling like they were trying to upsell you . they offer what they can do and why it would be necessary and you make your own decisions . great crew . def will be back for my top off and next oil change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love this place . i had a groupon and took 2 cars in the same day , 20 bucks each . 15 minutes in and out and very good customer service . i like that they check so many different relevant things with the oil change . even without a groupon this is my go to place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good customer service they check all your fluids battery did n't have to wait in a long line there very fast took them only about 15-20 minutes i will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend them they are the best and most convenient lube and smog shop in the northern valley ! the crew their offer you fast and friendly service every time ! it 's the only place i take my vehicles for maintenance services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they made it very simple . made an appointment and came the next day . there 's no need to wait for hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i been a standing costumer for many yrs .recently it has changed management however this time like i felt i got taken advantage of.never paid 170 $ for a oil change when everyone else charges 120 $ for synthetic up too 15 quarts . royal the management beg to differ when i protested why would i pay that when i can go down the street and pay 120 $ ..very disappointed its the last time i go thier my 2 freinds had the same experience ... so disappointed..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found my go-to maintenance service ! amazing service . the men walked me through everything i needed to know about my car & helped me become more knowledgable about it . service is quick & i was able to stay in the comfort of my car through it all . prices are definitely worth it for the service given !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved from california , needed a tune up , all the staff was on point with everything ! this will be one of my favorite oil changes place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric and nolan took very good care of me today . in and out in about 15 minutes and top notch service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fast and friendly . these guys and gal work together to get you in and out fast . price is reasonable . took two cars there both oil changes one i had them check my ac and then re charge it . blowing 59 degrees . i enjoy sitting in my car while they check my battery , tires pressure , fluids and air filters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tanner and crew were amazing and informative . i had excellent service , speedy service , convenient service . coming here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! got my oil changed and wiper blades replaced in about 15 mins ! tanner was the mechanic who worked on our vehicle and was very polite and friendly . we had a bad experience up the road and these guys did an amazing job and made it a really good experience here . we will definitely be coming back and recommending others here . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place . no wait and drove right in . like some of the others have mentioned , you do n't need to get out of your car . also mentioned the yelp offer and they already knew about it . they were fast and communicated where i could understand what was going on . they even topped off all my fluids for no additional charge as well as checked and topped off my tires with nitrogen . very friendly staff . will be going back again . tanner and reed the service team we 're great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to try this place after looking at reviews . i usually go somewhere else but i really did n't want to wait hours for an oil change . i was very surprised how thorough they are and how quickly i was in and out of there . the guys were very friendly and knowledgeable they are.. i would highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . tanner and the staff were amazing . always come to get my oil changed here because they do an outstanding job everytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to experience a drive thru oil change and sitting inside your car while waiting lol ... anyway i love how friendly the people are ... i bought a service over at groupon and because the location is close by i checked them and i was not disappointed my next oil change will be in this location ! ! ! ! thanks for tanner i think his name his very nice ! ! ! ! ! ! ! pablo and the whole crew was awesome best customer service ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my oil changed with nolan and his crew they were on point told me my previous oil was low and dirty it was good that i got it changed checked my tires my fluids my windshield wipers showed me my air filter said it looked good did n't try to sell me a new one i was in and out 10 minutes at the most very professional great service i will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i pulled right up and someone came out to help me . he directed me to pull my car in and informed me it would take about 10 minutes for an oil change . i honestly do n't even think it did . he was so fast and efficient it was impressive . he was very helpful when offering what oil i should get and offering the other services they could provide . the whole process was great and i did n't even have to get out of my car . i will definitely be coming here regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and quick . good service . got to sit in the car while waiting too so that 's kinda nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service by pablo and his team . they were efficient told me different things about my car . worked well as a team . i will be back . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , these guys are fast ! in and out in 10 mins . they were n't pushy , advised me of some recommendations , but did n't make them sound super critical like other shops do to try to get that extra money . i did n't even have to leave the car ! literally had a conversation with them about the recommendations with the car , and the oil change was done . i 'll never go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove into valvoline today before driving back to ca waited no longer than 5 mins before i was able to pull up and start my oil change and safety check . i really appreciate that michael took the time to do a safety check especially since we have a baby on board now . i have n't had any other locations do this for us . price was decent for the oil change and especially when you use the yelp coupon . one head light was out which cost $ 20 to replace . all in all quick friendly service happy i chose valvoline . thanks michael", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so nice here l ! quick service and a yelp coupon ca n't beat that ! tanner and pablo and jason were very helpful and professional", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service with great customer service , like always ! i was in and out in under 15 minutes . as a mother of 3 small children , i love being able to stay in the car the throughout the oil change . you can also take your receipt and head over to fabulous freddy 's for a half off car wash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little pricey , but you ca n't beat the customer service . i drove up and was seen immediately . did n't have to even get out of my car .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the team at this oil change service establishment gave great service . check the basics while i sat inside the car ( drive-thru service type ) . very professional and trustworthy . i was a given a minute by minute update during the service . this service was done on my 2014 toyota tundra sr5 4x4 with 38,000 miles . i mentioned yelp and received a bit of a discount .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in here from out of town , and i ca n't speak highly enough of the service i received . the people working here checked everything for me , and treated me well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , efficient , and friendly ! they had me in and out in no time and did an excellent job . their prices were reasonable and the coupon made it an excellent value !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guys are amazing ! ! ! they would check every single thing on your car and tell you what need to be change , great costumer service they are really friendly and they know what they doing love it and i being coming back for the past two year . thank guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the service i received here considering this is my first visit . tanner & pablo were very helpful in assisting me and checking my car . i recommend coming here if you need anything for your vehicle especially since it is so difficult to find such great service here in las vegas . i trust this place with my vehicle . thanks you guys so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe we just went on a bad day , but i 'm not sure how these reviews are so positive . my friend and i went to ken 's after seeing the good reviews on yelp . the place is dark and not very sanitary . the women working on our feet were constantly preoccupied with personal calls and texts , and not very friendly . by far the worst part was the waxing . no joke - they used masking tape . not only was it a weird practice , but i had skin problems from the tape for a few weeks after . the whole experience was very unsatisfying and a little unsettling .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "inexpensive and the acrylics are tough . i like the expression `` hard as nails ... '' corny , but they lasted a long time . service was fast and they gave me the paint job i wanted which seems simple enough but is not an easy conversation to have at most nail places ( a variation of a french manicure ) . i only get my nails done about once every two years but i 'll keep this shop in my mental rolodex .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been in phoenix over a year and just went for my first pedi mani at ken 's . on my mostly daily drive down indian school , kens sign for mani pedi and eyebrow wax for $ 33 keep catching my eye . so finally i took the bait . i walked in and every pedi-chair was filled - thought maybe it was a party but nope most of them were individuals in for some pampering . the people were nice and they got me seated in a massaging pedi-chair right away . so off for about an hour of pampering and relaxation for only $ 33 - how can you beat that and i still have eyebrows ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just walked into this place to see if i can get a fill-in somebody said hi to me and that was it waited there for 10 minutes and no one else came up to me and said can i help you what would you like to have done so bizarre so i just walked out i will go back there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . service while there was fine , no complaints . however , after three days my entire gel manicure has turned from light pink nude to yellow brown . i 've read this is caused by bad product used . wo n't be back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you can depend on the same people working and they do your nails ok but the cleanliness is iffy . you got ta watch them . i know they did n't scrub the foot baths with bleach after use before and they re use all of their foot scrubbers and such . kinda gross . if you speak up that may help but it kind of turns my stomach !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love kens . they always have time to take me and the people are friendly and do quality work . kens is my go to when i need my nails done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people make this place a pleasure to frequent over and over . additionally the space is impeccable and the decor lovely . i recommend to all my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience ... had the owner work on me , while i was there it felt a little uncomfortable , the nails were cut all the way to the meat and the nail is still rough and has corners and edges", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went back for a pedi last night and it was great ! got the sea salt and an added 15 minute leg massage for $ 35 . it was definitely worth the extra $ $ $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had mani pedis from 2 different nail techs and both were wonderful . their attention to detail and freindliness ca n't be beat . the place is clean and bright . and , the prices ca n't be beat . best value in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is terrible , the bagels are nothing special , and the service is beyond slow . maybe i 'm just too used to pulling up to a dunkin donuts back east and watching them blow through a line of 10 people like nothing , but what was supposed to be a quick breakfast run before hitting the strip turned into a lesson about how in vegas you need to wait in line for -everything- .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we needed a quick breakfast before checking out of circus circus so i ran down to barista bagels . ok , the line was fairly long and it did n't help much that the guy in front of me had a list as he was ordering for about a half-dozen other people . i ca n't blame the establishment for that . so -- barista has a pretty good selection , from muffins to danish to fruit cups , but their main claim to fame is , as the name implies , bagels . you can get a blt or a club , tuna salad , beef and cheddar , etc . the breakfast bagel has egg and cheese and a choice of bacon , ham or sausage . i opted for the sausage patty . drinks ? well , regular soft drinks , coffee , cappuccino , latte ' or cafe ' au lait . and i snagged a nice big pecan roll to go with the sandwich . pretty good stuff if you do n't have time ( or the room ! ) for a big breakfast and you want something better than an egg mcmuffin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expensive and terrible food . the cinnamon bun was way too dry and way too sweet . the scrambled eggs were very dense even for powdered eggs , which is what they were . coffee was worse than starbucks , which is saying a lot . okay , on second thought , maybe it was n't worse than starbucks , but pretty darn close . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious bagels , great variety of bagels and spreads , reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very unhappy with our bagels which tasted like day old bagels and we 're not toasted . brought them back for a refund", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for a quick lunch and waiting in the longish line i was fairly unenthusiastic . then figured i was probably going to have a bland lunch when they did n't have del 's lemonade either , like they advertise on their board . it did not bode well ! they gave me a number , i sat down and they brought over my deli sandwich pretty quickly and for such a bad start , the tuna salad on the freshest bagel ever made up for it . the chips were n't homemade but they were at least nicer than store brand . plus , while it seems pricey for a bagel with a scoop of tuna , the portion was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here at 7am to get breakfast . it 's freshly made , but that means a 10 min wait for a egg , cheese and ham toasted breakfast bagel ? ! i almost finished my coffee by the time the order was ready . this was only 3 customers ahead of me . imagine what this place would be like at lunchtime ? the service is pretty stern for this hour of the morning , except one lady who made an effort to greet people with a smile and send them on their way . but the lady who handles the order and delivery to customers is fierce !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not worth the wait . better places nearby if your willing to walk . i recommend going elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad coffee . the only plus is convenience , if you stayed at the hotel . i 'd rather walk to the mc donalds", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheap and yummy ! i love the coffee here . it 's way better than any other coffee place i 've ever been . it used to be called boyd 's barista . the only other place i know where you can get some boyd 's coffee is at antique row in san diego . it 's so smooth and flavorful ! i wish they made more of these places it would blow starbucks out of the water anyday ! but most coffee places already do : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we walked right into the cafe because there was no line , but waited for almost an hour for our dinner . we were falling asleep at the table . food was ok , but service sucks . expect the long wait on the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 1.99 breakfast ... .say what ! the cafe has a special for $ 1.99 breakfasts for late nighters ... meaning right after you just danced your butt off ... .get in a cab and come down here for some yummy grub . the food is pretty good , normal breakfast regulars , eggs , potatoes , pancakes..nothing crazy special ... other than the price . just what you need after you paid for bottle service ... something cheap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here unless you absolutely have no other choice . nothing good to say about the food or the service . meh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for some reason , my parents love restaurants like this . honestly , they remind me of my high school days when the coolest place to hang out was perkins because it was open late . the food was what i expected- pancakes , burgers , etc . one night i requested a grilled cheese sandwich , although it was n't on the menu . they were nice and made me one . eh . breakfast here was good- i had the stuffed french toast . i 'd get it again . i would not , though , go out of my way to eat here if i was n't staying in the monte carlo . which i was . so there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pro : open 24 hours a day con : $ 2 surcharge to get it `` to go '' pro : open-minded staff deals with drunks in a gentle manner `` sir , settle down please . sir ... ? please . '' con : crabcake sandwich turned out to be two sliders ... hardly what i was expecting for $ 14 ( $ 12 + surcharge ) plus a tip on top of that", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service sucked ! we were there while on vacation and was by far the worst service ! ! we got seated , but the waitress never came and so the manager actually took our order . we finally got our food approx . 30 min . later ( mind you we only ordered a burger and chicken sandwich ) . the food finally shows up and then good luck finding the waitress for the check . she was mia ! again , we got up looking for someone to flag anyone down and no one was around . no cashier , no manager , no waitstaff . also keep in mind there were very few people in the restaurant . unbelievable . as far as the food goes , it was n't bad . i 'd eat there again if they changed the management in there and got a whole new crew to pick up the pace .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "during our last stay in vegas , we ended up stopping by at monte carlo . while my husband was n't hungry , i needed to have lunch and decided to eat at the caf\u00e9 . we were seated immediately . our waitress , karen was super nice and helpful . i ordered the mediterranean salad with chicken and iced tea . the salad was fresh , tasty and huge . there was no way i could finish it . since there is a renovation going on at this resort and more restaurants will be added soon enough , this is a nice comfort spot to know about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loooovve this place extremely pleasant experience ... our server jan is the best i miss her ... . just came back from vegas and i have to say the cafe in monte carlo was part of my great stay at there spa suite in monte carlo ... .the server was an asain sweet heart she treated me and my girlfriend very nice ... she took like 4 pictures of us ... the food is great for a great price ! ! ! the filet mignon just melts in your mouth ... also had a cheeseburger and a chicken burger ... got ta go here ask for jan ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for brunch . it was ok : p had a pastrami sandwich or something . it was just bread and meat and some kind of sauce . i like my sandwiches with different things inside . since it was just meat ... i got bored of it pretty quick . sandwich was big so it was worth it if you 're a meat lover and you like those kinds of sandwiches i guess . if i ordered something better it might have been a bit better . my friend got a tuna sandwich and she liked it . others got some kind of southwest ( ? ) sandwich and they liked it too . so they had a good experience with the food here : ) so i guess it really depends . i liked the inside of the place too . pretty big , lots of place to sit . but , long wait for our food . we went at 2:30 because we woke up very late and so no one was really here . but the wait for food was ridiculously long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "are you hungry ? then do n't come here ! i 've read the other reviews that said this place had slow service ... i decided to try it anyways . i was hungry and thought it would be quick to make a to go order ... wrong ! the place was dead , only a few occupied tables . so we ask if we could make an order to go , they tell us that we still have to be seated and there will be a $ 2 up charge , i 'm like sure whatever , i 'm fucking hungry ! we get seated , we never saw our fucking server ! 30 minutes for a glass of water from the busboy , wtf ? we ended up going to sbarro 's and picking up a whole pie and some brews ... that took 2 minutes . do n't bother with this place unless you have a lot of time to spare . fucking terrible ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the cafe inside monte carlo casino : not very interesting food . but due to it 's location and 24hr hours , i visit there all the time ( 8 ? ) . it 's right on the casino floor , so i do n't have far to go between gambling breaks . some of the food portions are huge . the appetizers especially surprised me a bit . i ordered two of them , plus an entree . the two appetizers were enough for a meal . good stuff : onion rings , desert , chicken tenders..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "obviously , do n't go out of your way to come here . but if you 're staying at monte carlo , it 's not so bad . i had the ribeye steak which was actually cooked properly ( medium well ) . not much more you can ask for from your average casino cafe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome service . ... judy was excellent . came for a late night snack and was n't disappointed in the selection they had . the manager robert took care of us and gave our first night in vegas an awesome start . i 'd definitely come back . they have a late night happy hour that is rare to find on the vegas strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was okay . we ordered the bourbon burger and chicken and waffles . their `` signature '' dish , the chicken and waffles were not good at all . the waffles were very dry and bland . the chicken was tender and moist but had very little flavor . my wife and i shared both these dishes and its a good thing we ordered a burger which was great . i ordered it medium well , it was cooked perfectly ( big pet peeve of mine ) and it tasted great . had we ordered only burgers this would be a 5 star review . staff was extremely friendly and helpful . if i ever come back here it will definitely be for a delicious burger .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall , the cafe at monte carlo is an underwhelming establishment . i came by for an intended quick breakfast only to find the service slow despite the restaurant a little under half full . i had a full carafe of coffee , decently priced at just $ 3 , though the coffee was mediocre at best . for my main entree , i chose the southwest skillet . the presentation was great , which made the actual taste of the food disappointing . the bacon was way too crispy and burnt and the potatoes were very near inedible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty standard for a casino cafe . they have food , the service is good , and the prices are n't too crazy . we stopped in for breakfast , ordered a variety of different dishes , and were all pretty satisfied with our food . they were very helpful and understanding when we had a couple hangover-induced incidents ( knocking over water glass , etc ) . obviously , it 's vegas , so do n't expect cheap meals . i doubt i would eat here for any notable meal , but it was very convenient for a decent breakfast before heading out of town , and i would probably eat here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped here for a quick bite while waiting for yusho to open . i had potstickers and grilled asparagus . the asparagus was nicely cooked , and came with a baked-potato-size tub of butter . the potstickers were a real surprise -- they were delicious ! flavorful filling with a really nice spicy sauce . served with what looks like a simple bed of cabbage , but that 'cole slaw ' is dressed and worth eating itself . unfortunately , the potstickers are a 'happy hour'-only special . 2:30-5 and again in the late evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not good . too pricey for mediocre food . i would honestly rather eat fast food . you 're in vegas ! please go somewhere else . there are plenty of good places to eat elsewhere on the strip ! i ordered the chicken alfredo and it was soooooooooo bland ! i had to add pepper , salt and extra parmesan cheese for it to finally taste decent . i think my boyfriend enjoyed his surf and turf ( steak and fried shrimp ) , but my meal was gross . the waitress was so ignorant and rude , too . she had a harsh gross voice when she was taking people 's orders and she was complaining about another party while serving the table in front of us ! the only good thing was that mushrooms and chicken were included in the alfredo and i did n't have to add each item for like an extra 2.00 like in most italian restaurants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place did the job , it provided edible food in a clean environment at a somewhat decent price at 11pm on a saturday night . however , to say it left something to be desired would be accurate . perhaps it was due to the time of day , but the menu offerings were pretty slim , i seriously flipped through it three times , thinking surely i 'd missed something . i ended up ordering their two egg plate that came with hash browns and toast , the bf got an angel hair pasta dish w tomatoes and an olive oil sauce . the food was just okay . our waitress was very friendly , attentive , and kept the cocktails coming ! however , i 'd venture to say that unless i really did n't have any other option and did n't feel like walking anywhere else , i 'd probably pass on eating here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 12 for a veggie omelet ... with frozen veggies and rotten avocado ? ! really ? i was so disappointed with the breakfast i had here today . ps- the coffee here is awful and so is the service . there are so many options for good food in vegas . find another spot to spend your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are only so many occasions you want to write a review about and this is not a nice one . i had salmon and it was dry . really dry . rice and veggies were very just stale . overall i 'd rate my dish as do not eat . my friends had : friend a ) tomato soup . pretty good actually . friend b ) caesar salad - the portion is quite big , but not tasty . most of the salad was left untouched . friend c ) 3 shrimps . not sure what is the name of the dish , but there was literally 3 shrimps . the shrimps were ok , but there were only so many of them . there are so many nice places on the strip , please be mindful of this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was a turn off . my waitress looked like she wanted to go home . got 2 eggs , sausage , potatoes and toast . had the fruit platter too . the fruit platter came with a yummy blueberry coffee cake that was delicious . for the breakfast , everything but my toast was toooo greasy for me . the sausage was okay..kinda on the sweet side more than the salty side . if you do n't want to eat at a buffet , this is your place to eat but do n't expect a grand meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service here ... took forever just to have our drink order taken , and the place really was n't busy . while we were sitting , we saw countless tables that had n't been bused . were they understaffed ? i dunno ... my southwestern egg white omelet was really not anything to write home about , but the hash browns were good . friends ordered chicken and waffles , which was basically chicken tender strips and waffles that were n't even hot enough to melt butter . so disappointing , since this was almost our last meal in vegas ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although the food was good , the service stunk ! we had to flag down the manager to order our food and the place was practically empty . dinner took way too long , only by good planning for bad service traffic were we able to catch the show we had tickets for that evening .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . from the first time i ate here the food has always been amazing . the staff is great and amazing prices . i 'll always eat at the monte carlo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for brunch and the price food were a tad better than mgm 's cafe . the california garden omelette i ordered for $ 8.99 includes toast & hash browns . our server was nice , but forgot our ketchup and jam . the water glasses are pretty and there were nice dessert choices . it 's a good place to visit for a nice sit-down brunch late night dinner . i would give this 3.5 stars ( b c it is better than mgm 's cafe ) , but i do n't get that option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very bad management ! had to wait in a long line because they did n't have enough menus . we had to share one menu . also , completely understaffed . it took 30 minutes to just get my order placed . and another 30 minutes for the food to arrive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we visit las vegas 4-5 times per year for trips of 4-5 days . over the past 10 years , that amounts to an awful lot of breakfasts at the same place , so we must have liked it . that was very true until our most recent visit . they took many of our favorite items off the breakfast menu and are no longer serving lunch dinner at breakfast hours . huge disappointment for us as my wife is not a breakfast fan and loved getting hot turkey or club sandwiches for breakfast . one thing she could get by on was the italian omelet , which is now off the menu as well . the only highlight now is the server we always request - shelley . she 's the best and we will miss her when we search for a new breakfast spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for the breakfast only i found this basic cafe in vegas to be better than most . my family ate here both mornings we were in vegas - we stayed at the monte carlo . the day we were planning to go hiking at red rocks , this cafe hit the spot and fueled us up for a day of hiking . the first morning that we ate here , my boyfriend ordered the ridiculous banana split waffle . i 've uploaded a picture for all you yelpers to see . it 's absolutely insane . my dad had an impressive smoked salmon platter both times , and my mom and i both had tasty omlettes . this place is pretty darn good . no frills , just good breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really liked it here . i came here before the blue man group show at 7 pm . it was pretty empty when we went . it was nicely decorated and it seemed like there was only one waitress working for all the 10 tables . i ordered a blt , my friend got the beef stroganof and my other friend got a turkey club sandwich . the stroganof was divine and you ca n't go wrong with a blt . the turkey club was okay . i got the potato salad as a side and it was very tasty . i would definitely come here again , but monte carlo is at the end of the strip and it 's so far ! but really good and worth a try if you 're staying near that area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "location : inside monte carlo resort ; setting : causal and traditional cafe setting ; food : above average for cafe food ; strongly recommend the healthy start ; however , the new york strip was a bad bet as it was very chewy , and the fork could barely make a dent ; the major problem was the wait time . there was n't a long line and had many empty tables , but you still had to wait for 10 - 20 min . also we had to wait much longer for food than normal ( about 30 minutes ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , short and sweet ... bbq bacon burger had no bbq it was so plain . ordered baked chicken and it was so over cooked and dry . hate to say the best thing on the plate was the boxed mashed potatoes . tried to order a caramel apple martini and got a washington apple . oh well , let me finish my drink and go gamble a little . i 'm still hungry though ! urgh ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the family and i were wondering around the strip and found ourselves inside the monte carlo ( a first for us ) . starving we went into the cafe for a bite to eat . the bacon wrapped meatloaf kept jumping out at me on the menu so i ordered it . the mashed potatoes were bland , meatloaf was greasy with a concoction of frozen peas and carrots just haphazardly tossed on top . my wife 's nachos were pretty good though and my daughters devoured their macaroni and cheese . price-wise it was n't bad but i was disappointed by the bacon-wrapped meatloaf .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "three words : carrot cake pancakes . i am a huge carrot cake fan , and i have never even heard of carrot cake pancakes . when i saw them on the menu i had to get them , and they were amazing . there was this cream cheese glaze on them . mmmmmmmmmm . my wife had an omelet which she said was really good too . i think this place is pretty damn good for what it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stayed at the aria and tried to find breakfast there after 11 am ... we could n't find one . since my wife wanted to play roulette at new york , new york , we looked around at the monte carlo and found the cafe where they have some items for breakfast all day . my wife had the blt and i had waffles and fried chicken . this was the first time i tried it and was disappointed at the fried chicken because i was expecting to have the bone in . it was chicken nuggets in the shape of wings . other than that , the belgian waffle was crisp and i still was able to enjoy the meal . now i have a standard to compare other fried chicken and waffles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time . we waited 10 min and no one would even come over to us to take our drink order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is all about jan. we stopped here for dinner before seeing blue man , enticed by the $ 20 three course meal option . our server jan was attentive , nice , funny , and super fast - great service to begin with but even more impressive because she was the only one working while we were there , so she was buzzing around a number of tables . our food came promptly and was excellent - fresh crab cakes , perfectly cooked steak with creamy mashed potatoes , and decent chocolate cake that no one had room for . the food was certainly better than typical casino fare , though it alone would n't get this rating to 5 stars . jan was so awesome that anything less than 5 stars would be unfair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it here ! we came close to closing time and had the place to ourselves . the portions were huge and my sandwich ( club ) was delicious and not dry . my husband had a bacon-avocado cheeseburger and was happy . we had a $ 50 food credit , so we were also able to take dessert to go , which was nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 1.99 for breakfast between the hours of 12am-5am..my first thought was : i can have two ! ! i ordered the ultimate hangover cure which included 2 eggs any style , bacon , and toast . i also ordered pancakes , sausage , and hash browns ... totally forgot the name ( but check out the pictures ) . we got there at 4am after leaving vanity at hard rock and it was definitely the best way to end the night . i knew after eating this meal that i would not feel the effects of my alcohol intake during a full night of dancing and drinking . the food was good . i definitely cleaned both my plates . the service and waiters were helpful . and there was no wait to sit , get our food , or wait too long for the check . i honestly ca n't complain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a creative name and the restaurant is n't good either . i ordered the steak and eggs for 6 $ and did n't finish it . this is a good place to head to if your staying at the monte carlo and is hungry at 4am in the morning , however i would n't recommend going somewhere else though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went on a saturday for lunch . no wait . natasha ordered the pancakes . you get 3 huge pancakes . sides not necessary . i ordered the benedict . it was ok . decent prices for a hotel restaurent . no extra charge for oj in tf 's iced tea . now about the service : the place was 1 2 empty and the service was still slow , slow slow . and the server kept forgetting to refill my iced tea . she was apologetic , however .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here late night , thought we could get slightly better than fast food meal . huge mistake . was n't too crowded at 11 pm on a saturday , but they literally only had one person working for the entire restaurant . pretty excited to see they had a happy hour menu . got 3 neapolitan shakes and 2 pizzas . it was like 25 % capacity , yet it took over an hour to get our food . milk shakes came out , would think neapolitan meant layered , instead it just chocolate , vanilla , and strawberry blended . i guess it was nice of them to save my stomach the trouble of mixing things up . when pizzas came out was expecting much but boy was i surprised . tortilla with cheese and pepperoni is not a pizza ! could have made the same thing in 3 mins , not sure why it took an hour . definitely coming back if i ever want crappy food served really slowly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "specials specials specials ... now i get it..go to costco buy the philly cheesecake and microwave on re-heat ... .and for the jalape\u00f1o french fries ? ? soggy and just bleh ... guess when your drunk this will do ... . wanted to try the 2for $ 30 deal but refused ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "philly cheesesteak sandwich is good . waitress was ok . i 'm almost never in the monte carlo but we decided to check this place out as we were passing by on foot on the strip . i 'd go back if i were passing by on foot on the strip starving , yet again . otherwise , i 'd probably pass it up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we decided to eat here before the blue man group show , and after having a great buffet experience at the same hotel next door to the cafe . the dining room is large at this cafe ; however , only one section appeared to be open and the servers seemed to be far too busy and have far too many tables to provide good service . the service was rushed , and non-existent at times . the managers appeared to be helping with routine tasks such as beverage refills , taking checks , and clearing some tables . we had ordered a 2 people for $ 30.00 meal . to put it simply , the food was just ok . i had fish and chips , which appeared good by visual inspection , but lacked any kind of flavor whatsoever . the other person in my party ordered a pasta dish which could best be described as just ok . although the service and food may change in the future , we would probably choose another dining option before returning again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eggs were yummy with hash browns . waffles were average.. great and speedy service too ! ! ! very friendly waitresses . satisfied !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a 2 for 1 entree deal at this place and ate here after seeing frank caliendo at the monte carlo and as charles barkley would say , this place is terrbull ! ! i got the sauteed sea bass and it basically tasted like something you 'd get in the frozen food isle . my buddy got the shrimp scampi and it was like the packaged lipton noodles tossed with a couple of shrimp . the only reason i 'm not giving this place 1 star is because the service was friendly and i got a salad with guacamole that was fresh and good but the entrees are pretty weak . i 'm glad i didnt pay full price for this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here was ok but nothing special . in my opinion everything is way overpriced but that seems to be the case with everything in vegas . we had breakfast here one morning and paid a little more than we did for breakfast at the buffet . i would recommend skipping this place and going next door to the buffet unless you feel that you are above dishing out your own food . the breakfast choices are n't all that great here and there is nothing spectacular about the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at 2am , after a night out , what more can you ask for , but a 4.99 steak and egg dinner breakfast lunch ? ? they give you steak , hash , eggs , and toast , all that for less than the number of fingers on one hand . perhaps we got lucky and the server was actually very nice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful service ! ! ! ! not just our waitress , other tables around were equally as frustrated with their waiters . the food was just ok . i got a wrap and the avocado was old . i do have to say the hash browns were very good ! the prices were awful ! complete rip-off ! save your money and go somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent food at a fairly reasonable pricess ( for vegas ) . server was friendly and helpful", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went her for breakfast and ordered the bannana split waffles and they where pretty good , i would order them again . my wife ordered egg benedict and the sauce was to mustardy . the hash brings where to greasy and not cripsy at all . the oj was the nastiest ever . the waffles where pretty good though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slow service , it 's not efficient , food not amazing . ai n't nobody got time for that ! need to clean there chairs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ate here two mornings in a row because it was the only restaurant in the hotel that served breakfast late in the morning ( go figure , its vegas , everyone gets up late ) . the workers were generally cordial , service was very slow and the prices were way too high for food that was average at best . a glass of orange juice is $ 5.25 . now for a little story ... the second morning my glass of orange juice was warm , so i asked for another glass that was cold . the waitress told me she was n't supposed to bring me another juice but offered me ice so i could make it cold ( and watered down ) . i explained that my oj was cold the morning before , so why could n't i have it the same way today . she relented and brought me another one , but my goodness , i should n't have to fight for cold oj when i 'm paying almost as much as a cocktail for it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "four stars just for their 12am - 6am steak and egg special ! ! ! good amount of steak , lots of hashbrown , two eggs cooked to order , toast , with 4 different kinds of jam ... .all for just $ 6 ! ! ! yay . and yea , good service , nice environment , convenient . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would put 0 stars if i could ... worst meal we have had during our stay . breakfast took 45 minutes to arrive . they took 30 min to refill coffee . ordered biscuits and gravy with side of eggs . all came on top of each other took one bite and sent it back . very disappointing after an amazing weekend of enjoying amazing meals around the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thought i would find a nice place to eat for lunch while passing through ... needless to say , i was n't thrilled . the prices were quite high , at least for what i was expecting . i ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich . it did n't take them long to deliver it , but it came out incredibly soggy . gross . but the fries ? they were the highlight of the meal . absolutely delicious . i", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . plenty of seating but small enough it gets overlooked by the buffet crowd . breakfast is excellent . the standard partyed out meal is perfect too . i usually do the turkey club and a shake . the biggest problem and we even spoke to the manager . hotel owners , let them hire more help ! ! ! waitreses , table busers ! you 've got a great place . your employees kick ass with what they got but cut them some slack . talk about slave work . mote people would sit quicker , more would eat , more would come back . customers , just know it 'll be a good hour of dining .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here deciding we probably did n't have room to venture for their buffet and figured our dollar would go farther here . basically , we got what we expected with diner food , although the service was pretty friendly which surprised us after the reviews here . we came here for breakfast , the last before we left vegas , and got what we were looking for at a good price for a non-chain meal on the strip . we ordered the whole monte ( a breakfast with a bit of everything ) and the build your own omelet . the omelet was the star of the show with broccoli and mushrooms , offering something a little unique , while the whole monte was standard . we left filled and the service was quick and friendly ( although they do try a bit too hard to push the m life card here ) . overall , if you are expecting food that is a little better than ihop and denny 's , the place is serviceable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say about this place ? let 's say , this is where old people come to die because their service is soooo slow . i see nothing but old people eating here , and the place was n't even full . i ordered an entree salad and the server asked me if i wanted it to arrive with my friend 's entrees , i replied yes . 1 hour later , the food arrived . my salad came and it was freezer cold . my only guess is these idiots made my salad first , realized they made a mistake , so instead of tossing it , they placed my salad in the fridge freezer to keep it cold . when i complained , one of the other waiters gave me a hard time ( i could n't find my waitress ) . i had to be firm and told them to remake it . anyway , the food was still disgusting , just like my friend 's food . shut this place down , monte carlo . you can do better than this !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in here to grab something quick on the way to hoover dam . not first choice but were meeting people so needed to make it quick . service was fine . had the breakfast burrito with chirizo which was fantastic ! i would give5 stars . the other half was even good later cold after sitting in my room ! bf had steak and eggs . said it was adequete . i tasted and agreed . a little pricey but all of vegas seems to be that way . i would go back again but only for the burrito based on the rest of the reviews . hashbrowns were good too . like denny 's but i like a denny 's hashbrown . that is the only thing i like at denny 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is more like a second rate denny 's than something in a major strip hotel . the decor was just average but the food was n't even that good . go to the aria cafe for a much better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was a last minute choice for my friend and i . the food was good and the waiter was friendly if a little odd lol . i had poached eggs which were cooked perfectly and i am very picky about my eggs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are in need of a meal & it 's after midnight but before 5am , this is an alright place to go . the cheapest stuff at that hour are breakfast items & it 's to be expected ... order anything beyond the breakfast specials , literally , and you will pay through the nose . re-fills for coffee & soda are n't free here but not sure if it was because of the breakfast specials going on or if they are just that damn expensive . if i go back again & try dinner or lunch , i may revise judgment but as it stands this was barely a notch above denny 's for late night eats ... unfortunately they were understaffed when we were there , so it took a millennium for our order to be taken & given to us too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is n't as bad as everyone else thinks it is . my friend and i came here right after we checked into the monte carlo and just wanted a nice and relaxing place to have lunch . the environment is nice and cozy and they have a decent selection of breakfast lunch items , at decent prices . my friend and i both ordered a sandwich , which were smaller portions but still tasted good . if you 're really hungry , this might not be the best place to go since their portions are relatively smaller . it definitely does n't meet the same standards as the grand lux cafe in the venetian , but if you 're a resident at the monte carlo and just want a nice and chill place to hangout and fill up your stomach , this is n't a bad place to go = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they 're our seem to be limited to breakfast time its a nice quiet environment compared to every place else in las vegas i would eat here again the service was really good and i think the food was good too", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed at the monte carlo for our 1 year anniversary and decided to eat at here because i have been here before and liked it . my wife got the blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon . we both like them , fluffy and loaded with fresh blueberries in and on top . i got the bagel and lox . they put a twist on it , becuase it was deconstructed on the plate but looked appetizing . i slice of a bagel chip came with it standing up , served with a whole toasted bagel too , and tomato jam . the jam was awesome , great flavor . our waitress was really nice and checked in on us several times . neither of us could finish our food , portions are a good size .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we saw the $ 6 happy hour food specials and decided to venture in . sat down and about 10 minutes later , no one had even come over to greet us , let alone take our orders ... we left and went somewhere better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is really a 2 1 2 , but i 'm rounding up to a three for the convenience . on my last visit , i went once for lunch and once for breakfast and the food was just average . i had the crabcake sliders and fries for lunch . the crabcakes were bland and the fries were your everyday run of the mills french fries . for breakfast , i had the corned beef hash with potato and scrambled eggs . the corned beef hash was less greasy than other places , which is good , but again , your standard run of the mill food . if i were staying at another hotel , i would n't make an effort to come over and eat here , but if i am staying at this hotel , it 's good enough for me ( than to brave that extreme desert weather in both the middle of summer and the middle of winter )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like an ihop or denny 's inside monte carlo , but not as good . not expensive , but we should of went to the food court that was around the corner , better price and probably more appetizing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our server was awesome . she felt like a friend almost instantly . she answered every question i had without hesitation and then asked if i would be willing to trust her . she said the best breakfast item they have is not on the breakfast section of the menu . she said the salmon with a salad was the best at breakfast . after trying it i was hooked . i 've had smoked salmon on my bagels but never thought of a nice hot plate of figs would go go for a breakfast meal . i 've now ordered it every time i 'm here for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've purchased their downpipe for my 2013 civic si . however , downpipe does n't fit properly it is hitting a bottom of my car causing very loud rattling vibration , horrible sound . i did some research , and i found that all 4 doors civic si 9th gen have the same issue . jeremy from full race , with the biggest attitude ( worst customer service ever experienced ) was trying to tell me to buy a new mount for the engine and that that would solve the problem . i tried to explain that other downpipe brands , like ultimate racing , do n't have the issue and that their merchandise is faulty . very disappointed ! ! ! i 'm selling the downpipe and buying different brand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service does n't match quality of product . i bought a turbo kit exhaust etc from full-race through jeremy thompson . jeremy was great but he told me 3-4 weeks for the kit to be built and shipped . it took 7 weeks . called back several months later to ask a tech question and order some parts and asked to speak with jeremy , and i was told he was `` let go . '' from then on i could n't find anybody that was knowledgable , i would always get `` uh-uh '' answers . i was hung up on twice . they answer the phone with `` what ? '' as if i was a bother . so i do n't know whom i 'm speaking with and i do n't know which department i 've reached . as well as sent emails with no replies . i would highly recommend their products . but unfortunately , you have to go through them to get the products . bring back jeremy ... 5-stars for products . 1-star for customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bought a turbo from them and paid for the v-band mod . recieved the turbo without it being modded . called to notify them about it , was told to ship it back and `` we will send it out same day we get it so you can see it as soon as a week from now . '' took them 2 weeks from when they recieved it and several emails to get it shipped back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we decided to get lunch take out from here and i was pleasantly surprised by this place . i ordered the chicken katsu chicken teriyaki with rice combo and my boyfriend got the chicken katsu and beef teriyaki with rice combo plate . each plate came with a choice of macaroni or green salad . we both wanted the salad . i liked that they did not skimp on the rice , that part was definitely a plus for us . the chicken teriyaki and beef teriyaki were very tasty but the chicken katsu was a little dry . i do n't think i 'll be ordering that again . and they used fresh crisp lettuce for the salad ! will definitely be returning !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is pretty damn good.the only down side about comming here was i ended up droping my god damn phone in the toilet ... ..and had to get a new one : ( . but other then that you know lol chow mein noodles-not sure if they had a sauce on them or not but they were very tasty i would for sure order these again , and for a side order they give you enough for 1-2 people teriyaki chicken bowl- it came with steamed rice but you could pick brown rice if you so choose , or veggies . the chicken was moist and flavorful and it was freshly made . glad i came here on the whim that i did , well for the most part lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best teriyaki in vegas period . teriyaki boy sucks and the only reason i go to samurai sams is just because their egg rolls are grilled . been going to this location for about two years and never had a bad meal . i go four days out of the week because it 's healthy and it taste great . my favorite is the spicy chicken and noodles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to this side of town so this location is convenient for me . the food is great however the a few of the employees should not be in customer service . the first time i came , the girl at the register had the biggest attitude like i was inconveniencing her while she took my order , snatched my money out of my hand and was texting on her phone . i went earlier today again and of course was n't surprised . the cook was coughing 6 times over the chicken and not once did he cover his mouth . then an employee came in on her day off and was just hanging around in the back with of course no hair net , talking to other employees , distracting them while it was a busy time of day . i would be highly disappointed if i was the owner of this franchise . like i said , the food does n't disappoint but the employees need evaluating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! introduced this place to my family & now their hooked too . after i work out i love grabbing a healthy chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies for dinner : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i 've tried some of the other `` teriyaki '' mom and pop places in town ... .and by far ... tmad is the best ! get the most portions for your money do n't waste your money on those other places ! you actually get alot of chicken versus massive mound of rice.great salad dressing , always fresh and full of flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alright so my bf eats here literally everyday for lunch on his lunch breaks and would n't stop talking about it so i decided to go with him one night . food is pretty dam great i can see why he would come here so much . we got the spicy chicken plate which is what he always orders mmm very delicious and very very spicy which i likey ! my lil man got the kids teriyaki chicken bowl which i stole a few bites from also delicious . they have generous portions good quality food and its fast i do n't blame my bf for being so obsessed with this place its pretty darn good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is right around the corner from our home so when we had a craving for some teriyaki chicken , we decided to try it out . we placed an order and it was ready for pickup when i arrived . i had the spicy teriyaki chicken with white rice and steamed veggies ; i loved it ! ! ! ( i asked for some teriyaki sauce on the side and poured it on top cuz i 'm a teriyaki fan ) my boyfriend had teriyaki chicken , stir-fry veggies & fried rice ; he was n't a fan of the fried rice ( this is where they lost the star ) but everything else was delicious . definitely would recommend this place ! ! portions are huge , the price is reasonable and the customer service was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spicy chicken is one of my favorite meals of all time . love this place . you can get the veggie assortment or sometimes we just get broccoli only . the teriyaki sauce is awesome and they give you fast friendly service and hit made to order food . ca n't beat this yummy healthy place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this little joint yesterday and had a pretty good meal . the meat is griled the right way with a little char on the meat . the spicy chicken had a good level of spice on it , plus you could add more spice with the sauce on the table . i was surprised that the bowls did n't come with any veggies . my fault for not reading the menu . but i was impressed by the selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love this place , been coming here for years and the quality is spot on every time . if your getting take-out call ahead and they will have in ready for you in minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , friendly , tasty , & cheap ! ! ! quick & easy fix for my japanese food cravings . the katsu & beef teriyaki are my favorites . i suggest opting for the `` all white meat '' option i love the teriyaki sauce ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food & service is always fast & courteous . my husband can eat here everyday if i let him . his favorite is the spicy chicken . i like the regular teriyaki chicken with mac salad . our food is always hot & fresh & most importantly correct ! we never eat in we just take it to go . i never went in there restroom so ca n't say anything about it . place is kinda on the small side but at least they have a few tables & chairs outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had n't been here in years , and right now i 'm loving it . service is great , food is great ! right now i just ca n't get enough of this goodness . i got the salmon bowl a couple of times , although i like the salmon , it just dos n't go good with the bowl . i really like the crispy chicken , and you get alot of the crispy chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "t-mad is awesome ! every time i come here , i always leave satisfied . the food is always fresh and very tasty . you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu but some standouts are the teriyaki chicken , beef , and the spicy chicken . for a healthy option , i substitute stir fry veggies . the only reason it 's not 5 stars is because of the up charges for substitutions . pretty much every substitution costs at least a buck . by itself it pretty cheap but ads up with options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is real friendly and the spicy chicken is yummmehhhh . nomnom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pulled up at 9:25 and the dude turned the sign off . it 's july 9th and i see that this place closes at 9:30pm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband introduced me to this place , the food is good , however i am a little disappointed with the service , the cashier was rude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was excellent and my tofu bowl was on point . i 'm glad this place offers vegan options . i 'll be coming back for more tofu : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place has changed since i last went here . great improvement.awesome staff ! ! the beef teriyaki was great and their orange chicken was heavenly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stop . i like this place . i do n't want to hear that this place is some generic watered down japanese food restaurant or something . i do n't think this place was made to be authentic . it 's catering to a broader audience or to first timers who want to get their feet wet with some asian food , or people who just want that quick asian food fix without the full menu experience i 've had the chicken , beef , pork , and katsu plates . their house dressing for their salad is unique like a sweet vinegerette . their gyoza and shrimp tempura is just like what you 'll find in any japanese restaurant . the food is flavorful and made from scratch and made to order . sizable portions that are satisfyijng to your belly . service is quick and courteous . it 's great fast food without the grease and the short order cook with a spatula banging on the bell yelling `` order up ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spicy chicken and teriyaki beef bowls are the staple to get here . fresh and made to order meals well worth the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love that i can be in my last machine at the gym , call in my order and it is always waiting for me when i walk across the parking lot . my order has never been wrong ( and i 'm on a diet and my boyfriend is a body builder - so you know our order are opposite and complicated ) everyone who works here is friendly and when i ahve a coupon that let me substitute bottled water for soda - which i really appreciate !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to teriyaki madness a few times now and i really enjoy the food- i have stuck with the same order now each time- i enjoy the spicy chicken teriyaki bowl with white rice and veggies . i have always had a great experience with the cashiers and the service has been friendly in my opinion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for years ! we have been getting text specials for years also . today was the 1st time they did not honor their specials ! per manager jose , he did not know about the special so he wo n't honor it ! i said we have never had a problem before , when i asked him which store is offering the special he said he does n't know , so i am supposed to drive to every teriyaki madness to find out who texted me ! this is the only teriyaki madness we go to and they have the `` text for specials '' sign up !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the boyfriend and i love this place when we dont feel like cooking or eating out at a restraunt . its quick easy and really tasty . the price is right , the portions are great , and it still tastes delicious on day two ! personally i love the spicy beef and my only complaint is that i always think it could use a little more sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their spicy chicken and noodles . quick and convenient . nice sized meals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my honey went to try this place and i got chicken teriyaki with vegetables and white rice and she got the katsu chicken and white rice and everything was really fresh and good . would eat there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this terriyaki joint ! scrumpdiliumptious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they use cheap meat . ends up being chewy and not edible . not worth the money they charge .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a huge fan of teriyaki madness for years ! i always order the spicy chicken bowl and add vegetables with white rice . it 's not exactly the most healthy choice from their long list of healthy choices , but it 's not like a cheeseburger or anything . and plus , i 'm asian so the whole brown rice thing just does n't do it for me . the chicken is grilled to perfection with a sweet spicy sauce . they give you teriyaki sauce you can pour over your bowl , but you do n't even need it so if you 're on a healthy kick , skip the extra sauce . the food is still so delicious . the bowl is huge and should probably be eaten in 2 sittings , but again , coming from an asian family , eating one meal in 2 sittings is just unheard of . by the time i finish my bowl , i am so stuffed and satisfied . i 've never ever left teriyaki madness unsatisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the other reviews are correct about this particular location . the staff are very unwelcoming and the food is not as good as the other locations . to be specific , the large guy who is usually at the register seems to hate being there and takes it out on the customers . he is constantly touching himself and then handling the food . the only reason i go back is because it is a far drive to another one and my gym is across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean , fresh , delicious , excellent customer service . we will be back . farther from our home but well worth the drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place if you 're looking for a fast place to satisfy a teriyaki craving . usually only takes about 5 minutes to get your order , so it 's great for a bite when you 're short on time . i really like the crisp salad that comes with orders of the plates . sometimes the spicy chicken can be really spicy , but i enjoy watching my friend try to eat it while accumulating tears in his eyes : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food tasted ok , not bad and not amazing . the setvice is great . the only reason i give them 1 star rating is because they forgot to add my side dish to the orders i made , so we are basically eating just the meat and the rice : ) so check your orders when you pick them up when you order to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location does not sell fresh food . i went at 11:00 am and got the orange chicken bowl . the chicken was extremely soggy and inedible . this food was disgusting and a huge waste of $ 8 . i will never go again . i also waited over 10 mints for these leftovers . panda express across the street would of been much better quality . i love teriyaki madness over on stephanie street , the chicken is fresh and crunchy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to eat . the staff is friendly and welcoming and the cooks always make my orders the right way . this restaurant has never disappointed me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to place for a quick take out fix . the food and service is always consistent . the staff is friendly . great terri beef and chicken . i recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "discovered this a few weeks ago and it is so so so good . the teriyaki bowls are huge and reasonably priced . one of my new favs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming to this location since it was first opened . i have seen this place branch out with the many franchises . happy to see places like this grow where you can expect great food all the time . i usually order spicy chicken , or teriyaki chicken plate . i tend to order their brown rice and steamed veggies instead of the salad . sometimes i will order the noodles as a side order . their portions are generous so mine usually can last two meals . the place is clean and simple . the workers there are always polite . this is another go to place that i know the food will not disappoint . been to multiple locations and not one has disappointed me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had ordered a bowl of pork . the meat was cooked to perfection , and filled half the plate . the other half was carbohydrates ( rice ) . i will be nice to get a greater proportion of meat than rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is really good but takes a little bit of time for it to come out . i had the spicy chicken bowl with rice and veggies . good but still want it more spicy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i frequent this location and this review is based on customer service experience , good food , unhappy service . i have stated always visit and like the food , my disappointment is that asking to order the bowl with what comes with teriyaki chicken , i 've asked for no sauce and to be grilled chicken as per my kids age 5 and 3 do not eat it . not a complicated request , i think ? to be told my manager says this is the last time we will do that . sorry to say we will no longer be ordering or visiting this business again . lost a frequent customer , please think about being in a service business , minor customer request should be accommodated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really delicious fast food at decent prices . also , i do n't feel as guilt eating here as i do going to a drive thru . : p their teriyaki sauce is the best ! the staff are always really nice , as well . ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently pleasing food and friendly service ! and their sauce is wonderful ! i usually get a monthly coupon in the local mailers and use that to dine in or take out . this is definitely one of my favorite local spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's delicious . that 's really about it . like most teriyaki madness locations it 's located conveniently close to a gym . low carb option is awesome . they 'll put the teriyaki sauce on the side and give you salad instead of rice noodles . everything is fresh and not too greasy as opposed to what i recieved from teriyaki boy . price is reasonable with the exception of the substitution charges . it seems like everything has a charge such as noodles instead of rice . i think they even charge for brown rice over white rice . i do n't believe it 's on the menu , but spicy beef is where it 's at . i know the spicy chicken is on the menu , i 'm not sure about the spicy beef .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in to place a to go order , was put in the same wait line as a call in order . waited over 14 min for food , the food was ready to go and sat on the counter as the staff forgot to call out my order . then the order was wrong ! ! ! ! crab rangoon was flat , soggy and empty . they remade the order so i had to wait another 10 min to get my food , no i will just take a full refund and keep your food . staff offered a free soda , no thanks ! ! ! ! will just take the extra drive and go to the other location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just finished a workout at 24 hour fitness right across from teriyaki madness , so i decided to stop in to grab a quick lunch before work . the cashier looked miserable and did n't seem like he wanted to help me . i ignored that and decided to order a chicken teriyaki bowl . there was nothing wrong with it , but there was nothing great about it either . also , i think $ 8+ for that bowl is not worth it . i 've had better for cheaper , aka samurai sam 's . i 'll stick to my usual spot instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried it for the first time . beef teriyaki bowl was ok. rice was saturated in sauce and beef was pretty fatty , but thankfully it was cut really thin so it was n't that bad . ok for quick meat rice bowls on the go , i would say .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ladies at the front are always great . my order is correct , they 're quick , and friendly . and the food is always great . i frequent here often and never have had an issue", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! the spicy chicken is great , has a nice kick to it , but not overpowering . after eating a whole meal of it , you will have a nice warm burn in your mouth . all is great , but what is funny is id have to say , some of the worst katsu chicken i have ever had in my life , just avoid that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! the food is very flavorful and healthy . i 've had both the bowls with the rice and low-carb ( no rice , all veggies ) . i think i 'm going to stick with the low-carb bowls going forward unless i have a strong craving for carbs . very reasonable prices too . if you 're looking for something that tastes great , very filling and healthy ( trying to get away from the usual fast food ) this is the place to go . it 's now my official go to for picking up something eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are not very welcoming and the food is pretty much average in comparison to the other locations . considering the unwelcoming feel from the employees it 's easy to see how the food is just average . you definitely get your moneys worth , regardless . so far i 've tried the spicy chicken , which was ... .ok ... and tried the chicken katsu which was actually pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever i am craving teriyaki and want to go some place fast , teriyaki madness always is the first place that comes to mind . compared to some of the other teriyaki places it is a little pricey . but all others lack when it comes to taste and variety . a simple bowl already comes with great flavor . when you add the sauce they have , the taste is magnified . my only wish is that they would get more locations around town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't eat here ! the chicken breast was some horrible processed like texture , super rubbery but white all the way through . i had my roommate try it to confirm and he spit his out in a napkin . do yourself a favor a find a samurai sams . manager on duty on 5 26 17 at 3:00pm needs to be replaced", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the spicy chicken was good , what you expect to get when you decide to eat from teriyaki madness . the macaroni salad however , was not , and i was quite disappointed . the coolness of the macaroni salad against the spicy of the chicken is my favorite part of the meal . based on my most recent meal , this tm location does n't know how to maintain a recipe . i spoke with a mgr . named jose who told me they had n't changed the recipe but they did change the mayonnaise they use . to me it tasted like less mayo had been used and more celery had been added ... whatever it was , it was n't pleasing to my palate . after calling the location to inquire about a changed recipe , i understand why customers come here to vent . small business owners , franchise owners operators , please train your employees how to answer the phone !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "freaking bomb ass place ! love their trademark teriyaki sauce ! ! their bowls are kind of pricey , but they do give you a great amount of food . their plates are nice too . their teriyaki chicken is the best for me because the beef one is n't as juicy , but nonetheless , still good the only thing that bothers me is that the staff can sometimes be so `` eh '' . they sometimes look like they do n't want to be there . most of the time , staff service is great , but i go here frequently and they need to change that flat attitude towards customers . it is just too obvious that some of them are really bored and ca n't think of anything to pass the time quicker.. overall , the food makes up for their lack of enthusiasm lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a plate with spicy chicken and teryaki beef.. it was great but i miss the teriyaki pork so they only got a 4 star because i 'm still waiting for them to bring it back before they strt getting 5 stars again . hint hint", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here because we had a coupon for buy one get one free with two drinks . this is probably one of the better places i have had teriyaki , but still is n't as good as the places we used to frequent in the seattle area . i 'd go back there again , but probably with another coupon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i repeat what someone else said : i am not impressed . i had the chicken teriyaki , which came with a sad little iceberg lettuce salad and some glycerined pseudo-italian-like dressing in a tiny plastic cup . i was underwhelmed by the flavor of the chicken . the taste improved after i added what i assume is more teriyaki sauce ( from another plastic cup ) but still , so little flavor ! i wo n't be back . an acquaintance of mine loves this place , though- says it 's won the best of las vegas award more than once . honestly , it seems any place can win that award .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place but i feel like every time i go in they mess up my order . really feel like they 're going downhill . too bad : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "teriyaki madness is delicious . they pack a lot of protein in their meat and the sauce is amazing . would recommend to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to eat . i order the same thing every time , multiple times a week . i literally always order the same thing . plain grilled chicken no sauce , and even though they do n't remember me they usually get it right . chicken is awesome . service is relatively fast . you ca n't hate on this place . they have never given me diarrhea . the screw up rate is next to zero . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here all the time . in fact , i come here so often , the guy who takes my order every time almost remembers my name ( he tries every time , it 's funny ) . i usually get the same thing , orange chicken bowl with only veggies . the bowls are decent portions , and i usually keep the bowls because they are super sturdy and work great as a salad prep container . i have never had to wait long to get my food at this location , even in the middle of the lunch rush . if you are looking for something healthy and good customer service , this is the place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come here quite often and i had my run in with the most awful service in the world , all ranging from taking my order then forgetting to place it , to just flat out being ignored . i always leave a tip so i am sure that is not the issue , they just manage to find the most nasty people to run the counter . some days it 's not as bad and the food is always ok . always a good cheap fix for your chicken teriyaki cravings .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! but it is n't my favorite teriyaki spot . i ordered the spicy chicken and it was seasoned perfectly but they tend to not give you a lot of teriyaki sauce on your meat . well this place is known to be healthy so i guess that 's fine and anyways they have a bottle of their own teriyaki sauce out on every table and you 're more than welcome to pack some up with you if it were a to-go order . i did n't get anything special i just got the plate with their mac salad . but you have tons of options to customize your own plate , like substituting brown rice instead of white , but of course there is an extra charge . the staff is n't really talkative or gives you any suggestions ( it was my first time ) so i ca n't really say anything about their customer service . but overall good place , healthy and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service every time we come here . cashiers seems like they do n't even want to be there to help the customers . almost feel like we are intruding in their time . they never get any of our orders right . other locations are ok but this one is the worst ! i hope the franchise owner sees this review and make changes . we are paying for our food so it 's not like we 're getting it for free . if these employees do n't like to serve customers , then they should not work here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best chicken bowls in town ! love the spicy chicken as it is always hot and fresh . we also take home the bowls and use them to take lunch to work ... free tupperware ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i stopped here for the first time after driving by here for ages and while the food was good ( that 's the only reason it 's a 2 star review ) , the staff at this place needs to be talked to about their behavior . we politely told the girl at the counter that it was our first time here and she never once made any suggestions on the menu , then when we chose what to order , she read off the options for each item faster than anyone could comprehend , let alone someone here for their first time . then while we were waiting for our order , we proceeded to hear one of the kitchen workers swear right in earshot of all the customers and when i gave her a dirty look , rather than apologize , all she says is `` oops . '' food was decent and the place was clean , but i 'll try another location before dealing with the employees at this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is good , but pricey ... ... $ 55 for 4 people ! staff is hit or miss , there are days we 've been & they 've been great & other days oy vey ! take your chances if you dare ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the girl that works cashier i think her name is sophia is extremely nice and is always friendly everyone else just gives dirty looks like the manager etc", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i gave the mt . spring saloon 5 stars because it 's a real biker 's bar . that means it 's not a place for most visitors . the drinks are strong and inexpensive . girls panties and bras are tacked onto the ceiling and the traditional one dollar bill is tacked everywhere . our bartender was very friendly and helpful . told us about `` my vegas '' web site and how to get free credits for all the vegas hotels . good food and sometimes live music in a laid back , anything goes kind of place makes this a relaxing stop when riding or hiking around the red rock canyon area . be careful when leaving at night , if you go fast up the hill , which everyone does , the down side is pitch black and the road curves and it 's hard to stay on the road without street lights . locals call the road `` widow maker '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never knew this was here . on our way back from mammoth , we got stuck because an accident rendered 160 closed for hours , so we hung out here . the beers are so cheap and the people are super friendly . my fiance said it 's a biker bar and in the summer they do bbq and pig roasts . i ca n't wait to go back and check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars i would ! ! ! ! our constitutional rights were violated by the little owner . we were told after we paid our tab that we could not be there if we were open carrying . you call yourself a biker bar and you host a bike night but then offend 30+ bikers ? ? ? ? most of those bikers defended or still defend your right to own a business ! ! another group that was there was told 'if you are carrying open or concealed , get the f $ ck off my property . ' never again will we suggest or frequent this poor excuse for an establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "desert oasis about 45 minutes from las vegas , this little throwback to the outlaw times is an interesting place to stop and have cold beer after a nice drive or hike in red rock canyon national preserve . do n't let the tough looking biker presence intimidate you , just mind your own business and you 'll be ok . many of them are bike loving german tourists anyway ! if you feel like having a burger or something off the grill , take your drink and walk to the back side , order your food and enjoy a relaxing few moments away from the busy city life .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice hang out spot . not dirty or divey , good clean fun , cold beer , nice country tunes . lots of parking . alert : there is little advance warning that you are approaching . by the time you spot the sign , it will be quick braking and a hard right , if coming from vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a fun ride up there from vegas with a lot of bikes parked in the front . walking up , there was a band singing gn'r sweet child o ' mine . everyone was hanging out enjoying the scene , the song , the people and the weather . there 's a kitchen towards the back , cash only . but not to worry bc there 's an atm machine . a real cool place to see and be ... in the bar , dollar bills all over the walls and ceiling with people 's inscriptions on them . bathroom was a bit ... vintage . the eats are grubby . burgers , brats , ribs and sandwiches all made to your order . will have to roll up there again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we pulled off 160 after driving by the sign . curious to see what kind of `` saloon '' this was . great atmosphere . food is actually delicious . people were very nice . maybe it was just a perfect day , but this surprise stop was the best part amongst lots of places we visited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this place is in the middle of nowhere and i ca n't find a stupid address for it now , i do love it . it 's a cool bar . i was there on my bike and there were tons of other bikers there that day . i love the atmosphere of the place . there were dollar bills everywhere in the place . folks had signed them and stuck them anywhere that had space . love the vibe here . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not as biker friendly as they claim . stay away if you 're a biker . they 've burned the local community enough times now . my suggestion would be to try bonnie springs for good food and good atmosphere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love bars that are a bit out of the way . the kind of places you really have to hunt down to find . you 'll find this little out of the way place on top of the `` hump to pahrump '' in the little community of mountain springs . because it sits at an elevation of about 5500 feet it 's always a bit cooler than down in the valley . so it 's a nice place to go to escape the heat and get out of the valley for awhile . they have a couple of pool tables and a juke box . weekend it 's usually packed with bikers . often they 'll have a live band . if your looking for a out of the way place to have a drink this is it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say ? it 's a fun ride through red rock to get here , it always has cooler temps then the valley and it 's totally legit . good prices . good people . horseshoes and a killer shack in the back always cookin up some great grub . escape the city and chill here all day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "biggest shithole i 've ever been.. everything is dirty..restrooms are dirty doors ca n't be locked.. i was during the day and it was to dark inside..all windows are closed and covered", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome and very unlike vegas or anything surrounding . on just one visit , i met a couple from goodsprings that jeeped it over on dirt roads , a few bikers and some germans on harleys . they honor the gaming drinking agreement , and the place is n't gross . it is tightly nestled in a small alcove just over the top of `` the hump . '' you will not accidentally stumble upon this place , and even if you are looking for it , you may just pass it up . it 's a non descript biker bar that regularly sees snow when the valley sees rain . it is definitely a regular 's bar , with the occasional tourist . the food is what you would expect from a bbq truck out back , and while it is n't anything to freak out about , it 's not bad , either . it really is the only game in town when it comes to facilities open to the public in mountain springs . not such a bad place to get lost . and a great drive back to vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry but i totally love this place ! when it 's 100 and stoopid in the valley i go up here to chill out ... literally ! it 's always about 30 degrees cooler on the mountain-top , but a place to relax and have a brew while watching the not-so-heavy sunset in the middle of summer ? big bonus ! the food is ok , but the people are just out of control ! ! ! i wrote a rule in `` the book '' proud of # 45 woot woot ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg.. i can not say enough good things about the food ! ! ! i had the tri tip sandwich.. the meat was so flavorful and i swear it melted in your mouth . the atmosphere was incredible and the people were so friendly . the cook owner , leadfather , is the sweetest man on earth . seriously.. you need to go check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time here over the weekend . great biker bar with plenty of beer and great bloodies . we also had a couple cheeseburgers . the wait for food was about 30 mins . i was n't to happy about he wait . but when the food came i quickly changed my mind and thought it was worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new here to las vegas . heard about this place at the harley davidson red rock . decided to drive through blue diamond and of to this place . beer is cold , is about 20 degrees cooler than las vegas . people were nice and friendly . i 'll definitely stay coming here more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here numerous times but have never sat the bar and have a drink ... this time i had a blast . met the bartender issac who gave us excellent service right off the bat ! also i come to find out they have keno , o boy not good ... while having drinks there we got to learn about how the tree of dollar bills became to be which i found pretty cool . will i be back again ? i for sure will . need to come back on a friday or saturday night when they have karaoke and live music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "laid back and a great biker bar . one of my new all time favorite places to ride to . place is very welcoming of all different groups , and they have a giant beer pong setup !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at the bar last friday night . it was bike night . i was in the company of 30 or so other bikers that i know . the owner came and started to give some of the guys crap about open carrying there guns . said he would n't serve them . wtf ? ? ? you are supposed to be a biker bar ! ! we all left and vowed to never return . i have been to that bar a bunch of times before . but i will never go there again . oh and on a side note . the owner was even asking people if they concealed carried ? ? ? that 's none of his business . i would recommend not going to mountain springs saloon if you are a pro 2nd amendment person ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . $ 2 tap during happy hour . great ! i mean really great brisket sandwich with gooey cheese and saut\u00e9ed onions . chili was awesome as well . good vibes for passing by or maybe spending the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had to stop here . fun little bar . ventilation in front bar is n't so go . hamburger and french fries were delicious . the lady that took our order cooked , was so nice . we enjoyed ourselves .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best `` random '' cheeseburger and fries ever eaten on the road ! ! ! ... and also the place ... very very cool ! ! ! real american biker burger place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great biker bar ... .awesome staff ... ..best bloody mary in the world ... ..no premix . music on sunday . must go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bunch of us stopped here after doing a photo shoot in the desert . this place is a cool spot to stop and have a quick drink . tiny bar area with not a huge selection , but it 's cozy and down to earth . just a really genuine spot . the walls and ceiling are littered with dolla ' dolla ' bills along with a few bras . i 'm sure there 's a good reason for that , but i did n't get the chance to find it out . the clientele is pretty much bikers and possibly mountain folk . that could usually go either way , but the people were generally friendly , one happened to be much friendlier than others . apparently there are pig roasts every once in a while too . and if you ever had an urge to rent and run a gift shop , you have that option here . tons of games to play including foosball , pool and horseshoes just to name a few . they also have a pretty good jukebox . definitely worth checking out if you 're ever in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a fun bar , in a cool location . whether i am up there on my '46 fl or '74 xl or in a car i always stop here on my way to death valley or i just want to get out of the heat . the bar caters to two-wheeled patrons , ( way to many baggers ) , but at times you will find some nice old bikes there . the food is great and the beer is cold ca n't ask for a better setting after a long day ride drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! very laid back ! been coming here for years ! great weather , not so hot ! the staff is so nice ! awesome bands , & reasonable prices ! pig roast is awesome , i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by after day trip to death valley . had a great smoked pulled pork sandwich with beans side . nice people working there and everyone there was friendly . definitely worth the stop . we 'll be back . dog friendly also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our favorite post-hike bar where roger makes the best from-scratch bloody mary and serves the coldest bottled beer . always look forward to stopping by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bar in the middle of.nowhere . very cool atmosphere . friendly bartender . do n't know about drink prices . all i had was water and some of their free popcorn . but i did buy a tshirt so they would n't think i was the cheapest bastard in the world haha . will definitely check this place out again . places like these are what make being a biker so much fun . they have pool tables too but i did n't see how many .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love riding the bike to go here ! ! ! we love seeing all the bikes that are always there ( new and classic ) . its always way cooler , of course and a nice little getaway for a few hours . they have good food in the back , heard some good bands there , too . drinks are great , cold and reasonable . another favorite bike stop for us ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get away from the heat on a bike . 2 weeks ago a group of us called to make sure we could get lunch . we arrived to find the grill closed . the bartender saisd we should have asked her when we called . today a group of 15 rode up after making sure the grill was open . the food sucks . dried out burger w cheese for $ 8 it took 45 minutes to get it . will definitley stop somewhere to eat first before returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you dont have to ride a harley to love this place . great place to go for a cold one after visiting red rock canyon and spring mountains . fun mix of locals , tourists , and clubs when warmer . pig roasts are epic ? and always room for more tops on the ceiling ... lots cooler up there too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the real deal place to meet new people and enjoy a fun spirited atmosphere without any drama . them owner augie & son chase are really two of the nicest people you ever want to meet . the drive was worth the end result for customer service and friendly atmosphere is rear now a days ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place in all of southern nevada . welcoming staff , fun environment . the perfect place to get away from the city and technology and enjoy nature and the simple things ... like a good drink !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mountain springs saloon is everything that a country bar should be -- dollars attached to the walls , incredible burgers and cold beer . it is easy to pass , coming from vegas it is just past the summit from pahrump . on valentines day afternoon there was a sizable crowd with full pool tables . one of my friends really got caught up in the atmosphere ... and you 'll have to look at the pictures to see the tip she left on the deer antlers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place especially starting in march every second friday is bike night and the food is made special and free to everybody who shows up . always a band and fun fun fun . sit on the big porch , inside at the bar or picnic tables outside . just a great fun getaway place and 10 degrees cooler than vegas . people are super friendly and you always meet new people . fantastic music on the juke box when the band is n't playing and dancing around the bar . drinks are super reasonable too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really fun biker bar , lots of outside seating which is great as it is usually 10 degrees cooler than vegas ... drive up , have a drink and relax ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having lunch on the mountain . 10 degrees cooler up here . horseshoes , shuffleboard.. it 's beautiful up here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , nice friendly people . does anyone know if the sweet husky who was abandoned there a few weeks ago got rescued ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased a nearly 200 dollar item and was told within 6 months by the manufacturer that it was counterfeit . could not get a reply for almost a year , when i finally spoke to someone ( lee ) i told him the facts and he seemed not to care , virtually accused me of plotting a year and a half scheme to deceive them ( although i had n't asked for any money , just gave them the facts ! ) and when i questioned the moral aspect of not taking any responsibility he told me he had taken plenty of ethics classes . i guess you ca n't learn ethics in a class . as i can not in good conscience re-sell the item , my only recourse is to try and save someone else from a similar experience with this unscrupulous company . it seemed like a nice old-fashioned family run company , i was sad to see that there was no `` old-fashioned '' concern , manners , or integrity . i will also report to the better business bureau .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have shopped at abbey ann 's for 20 years . i love mid-century modern decor and furniture - and this is the `` go to '' place for these treasures . now that `` mad men '' has incited near frenzy over 1960s modernistic momentoes one can barely purchase a starburst clock on ebay for under $ 100.00 . not so at abbey ann 's ! a stroll through the aisles takes you back to a simpler time ( including the prices ) . everything is negotiable and i have found several rare items here that i covet . sometimes i stop at abbey ann 's to cheer up - to be surrounded by items that people have touched and used and loved . if you love nostalgia and are looking for a hard-to-find item from yesteryear that captures your heart this is your store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ramiros is a very convenient place to go grab some food late because its open 24 hours . for all you people upset about it taking so long to get your food , here 's a tip- use the drive through ! they prioritize the drive through guests and you will get your food in less than 5 minutes . also , i only ever eat the breakfast burritos- i agree that some of the meat might be a little strange so stick with the egg and ham burrito . oh and definitely get lots of the green sauce , its awesome ! hope this helps for the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now i remember why i stopped coming here . it takes forever to get your food . i realize it 's a small kitchen with one guy back there but for 3 orders ( 2 ahead of me ) it should n't take 25 mins . foods decent but i 'll head to frederico 's on cave creek any day over this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know why they have bad ratings . best mexican in this area . mini carne asada tacos are yummy . good prices and i always get my food fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what those other reviews are about ... this place was awesome . sure the building is a dump , and the service is n't great , but the food is absolutely delicious . authentic mexican food and it 's cheap . great salsa too . i recommend the carne asada tacos- 5 for $ 5 . great deal and delicious . have n't tried anything else but these were so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've tried several dishes at ramiro 's . favorites are : cheese enchiladas , carne asada fries , chiles rellenos , chorizo plate . lived them all ! the place usually has several spanish speaking couples there each time i go . do n't let the decor-or lack of decor- scare you away . it is clean and delish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been here at least a dozen times before writing a review . we 've always had fast service and the food is good . the homemade salsas are also amazing ! would recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just finished eating here and loved it . i 've been looking for decent mexican food since i moved to arizona and this is by far the best i 've eaten . most of the previous reviews say they 're super slow but it was no slower than anywhere else where everything is made fresh upon ordering . 6 other people came in while we were eating and i do n't think anyone had to wait more then 5-10 minutes for their food . delicious . we will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best park i have been to in the champaign-urbana area . very natural . you will hear bird chirping , flying in the blue sky and landing on trees . various sculptures throughout the park , all tastefully placed . there are bathrooms , and not the disgusting type you typically encounter at parks . picnic tables , various benches through the park . it even marks how long you have walked distance wise . there are maps of the park . they have doggie bags for you to clean up after your pets . baby friendly , stroller friendly , pets friendly , kids friendly , runner friendly , biker friendly . a huge castle playground for kids . a gazebo area for birthday parties and family gatherings with a charcoal grill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playground area , two picnic areas for get together , large field to fly kites , art sculptures and a trail that is over two miles long , sums up this park . also , lots of people walk their dogs , jog , skate , bicycle , and exercise here . they have a garden area where you can have your own plot and there is a flower garden nearby . there are two parking areas and plenty of paths you can take . most of the trail is surrounded by prairie grass and other natural wildlife . this is a must if yoke to take walks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , it 's so beautiful ! they have nice long trails which are awesome for running and dog-walking . there 's also a nice playground for kids and lots of sculptures and a field to fly kites or play frisbee . it 's just really lovely and i definitely suggest checking it out on a nice day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my cycling club meets here all the time for weekly rides . it 's a great place to meet up because it 's got huge parking lots on race and on windsor . some features of the park include sculptures , native grasses , garden plots , and beautiful walking paths . my only complaint is all the construction on windsor . it can make it difficult to navigate here safely via bike .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beauty of this place is that there is always something new to admire . every season brings new plants , colors , and wildlife . i remember playing in their exciting play structure as a kid , and now i walk the trail and admire nature as an adult . the trail is quite long , to keep things interesting , but not long enough where you would find yourself struggling to finish . there 's also beautiful statues and bridges sprinkled around the trail . this park is a true gem to the c-u area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interesting art and winding paths through the prairie await you at meadowbrook park . there 's also a bird watching pavilion and kid 's playground ( if you 're adult-sized , beware of bumping your head as you wriggle through that fort ) . on bucolic evenings , plenty of people come out to walk , jog , rollerblade , kite , etc . there are pavilions for civilized picnics ( vs laying out a blanket on the lawn , but you can do that too as there are ample fields ) , an herb sensory garden , organic gardens ( space which can be rented ) , and benches along the way . it 's a lovely and well-kept park with two parking lots ( north & west ) if you 're driving in . the only not-so-great part about meadowbrook is the surrounding construction on the roads and the assisted living home next door . it can be tricky navigating the constricted traffic and construction to get into or out of the park .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite park in the champaign urbana area ! wonderful playground , picnic area , and a walking running skating path that winds through the park . the sculptures are on a rotation , and so usually something new and beautiful . it 's a great place to excercise , stroll through a lovely prairie setting , and play with children . for a fun day out , take a kite and a picnic . lots of open space for both .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favorite park in urbana . safe and enclosed play area for little ones without leaving the older kiddos feeling stuck . playground is made of wood and they have monkey bars , stairs , slides , sandbox , swings , and obstacle course like things to do . they have picnic benches , gigantic grassy area , one of the best walking biking trails ... pet friendly ... just love this park .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meadowbrook is such a beautiful and relaxing park ! there is a free yoga on saturday mornings at 9 am . the park district provides yoga mats , but come early before they run out ! what a relaxing way to start the weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very nice trail . it has a couple of places with washrooms and water . it 's just under 2 miles around the outside perimeter . there is n't much shade but it 's a really nice nature trail . i 'm glad that i found this park .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a horrible experience with them . not professional as they claimed on their website . caused me much head ache and loss of time to deal with their crap . they did not care about service or their clients only what they gained from our pay checks . please , if you really have to use them , do intensive research or you will be sorry like me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my house has been without air for three days now . the guy who is going to fix it said that he will have to order the part which is going to take longer . i have a 7 month old baby who now has a ton of heat rashes not to mention i 'm worried about sids . i called the property president , mark walters today and he said and i quote `` open a window `` or better yet `` buy a wall unit '' i 've worked in leasing and real estate a great deal of my life and would have never treated anyone that way . not to mention he did n't care a bit about my daughter . my husband and i are now opening a lawsuit and contacting the local news . people should know that this low budget real estate company is not who you want to lease or buy with .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible company . beware of these crooks ! ! ! extremely unprofessional and incompetent . this is a glorified cash cow , make no mistake about it . high turnover staff . houses are not maitained . tennants are charged for basic repairs . the owner is rude and crass and offensive . he has no idea what is going on with these properties . absolutely no people or customer service skills . hot tempered and takes things out on tenants then bullies them to get out if they do n't like it . sad . hate i ever got involved with them . take your hard earned money elsewhere . and take heed to all the other real reviews on here ( not the fake `` best company in the world '' entries placed on here by the idiots at the company ) . you will regret dealing with these scamers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a good friend referred us to mw properties . mwp now manages some of our rental properties . to date our experience has been terrific . mark is extremely responsive to us , and to maintenance issues as well . when a tenant reports mwp of a repair request we receive an email informing us of the issue and asking how we wish to handle it . his construction team lead by javier is top notch . they are focused and effective . as an example , we contracted with mwp to do a pretty extensive renovation of one of our houses . i stopped by most days . it was a rare day when there was n't at least 5 people working . mwp identified a tenant before the renovation was completed . the tenant moved in the day after the building dept issued its certificate of occupancy . to those looking for a property management company , we would recommend mw properties without hesitation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's all been said already and true . bad . padding . overcharging . bullying .disorganized . i live in california had the same shady experience . he tried to use bullying as a tactic to get me to stay . he overcharged me for `` repairs '' and then wanted more . tried to say he was giving me a discount . and then sent an email saying i was the first owner to leave his company because everyone was so happy with his service . classic charmer with lies and bullying . id stay away ! ! i use providence management and they are fabulous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mw properties has been my property mgmt for about 2 years now . i get rent money ach to me quick , usually within first two week of month . their mgmt and lease up fees are very reasonable . they have their own in house maintenance that helps to keep repair cost down . i really appreciate their hard work and dedication . wish i had more properties for them to manage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a dirty martini here and it went a little something like this : me : i 'd like a dirty martini , please ? bartender : how dirty do you want it ? me : filthy . bartender : jenna jameson , filthy ? me : yes . please . he made sure that my olive was stuffed , and brimming with the softest blue cheese on this side of the cuyahoga river . it was probably the best dirty martini i have ever had . ( and no , i do n't say that to all of the bartenders . ) i can only imagine what it would have been like if i asked for it ke $ ha dirty ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very sad to see that the first few reviews were not so hot , because i had an excellent experience at the viaduct lounge ! i made a reservation for a saturday evening for 12 for a bachelorette party . we all arrived at different times , were all chatty and taking a long time to get our orders in , yet our server was fantastic ! she was very patient with us and made our experience that much better ! being a big group of ladies who are foodies , we decided to make sure there was at least one of each entree at our table when ordering dinner ! each one was tastier than the next ! from the pork chop and the cioppini to the short ribs and the sole ! yummm ! we had a few big boards to start and then finished with one of each of the desserts , which were also delicious ! a huge thank you to viaduct lounge for helping us start out my best friends special evening with a fun and delicious meal ! good luck to you guys ! i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hope they do well . i never go to a new restaurant until they 've been open a month . we went to viaduct on night 3 . 'nuff said . no bread yet . so how do i suck up the delicious gnocchi sauce ? scallop app is good . prosciutto shrimp and big board ( meat and cheese ) just ok. get the 2009 bouchard chablis ( chardonnay ) . very good . $ 47 service seriously lacking . hostess was great . bartender ericka was great . all dishes are small for the price . cioppini was tasty , bit they ran out of sole . so it consisted of one shrimp , 3 mussels and some baby calamari . proceed with caution . they should get better with time . they have 2 other successful restaurants . also , very dangerous step to dining area in the corner . they need to fix this ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had n't been here since the soft opening with free appetizers . that event was n't a really good basis for a review , but i more than made up for that on this past visit . my husband and i met another couple and enjoyed most everything about the place . we took full advantage of the happy hour food offerings . in fact , we literally got one of everything . the offerings were a bargain , and it gave a pretty good idea of the creativity and competence of the kitchen , and it was really impressive . we particularly enjoyed the non-deep fried calamari ( a rare find in cleveland ) , raw oysters , mussels , and flatbread . the only minor disappointment were the sweet potato fries , which were a bit undercooked and not especially crispy -- surprising since their accompanying fried eggplant were great . of course , the view and setting are very nice . we 'll be back to try an entree-based dinner ... if we can manage to avoid the temptation of the excellent happy hour specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible cocktails . just awful . mediocre food at best . for a relatively new place it feels tired . would never go back . no real chef , just some cooks who obviously do n't care much . shame on them , if only for the awful beet salad . lazy as could be ... sweet server though ... she needs to start applying elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved my experience at viaduct lounge ! we went there for drinks and appetizers , and had a nice table by the window . the bacon wrapped figs were delicious , and the cocktail shrimp had such delicious , plump , fresh shrimp i could n't even believe it ! they had excellent cocktails . i definitely want to come back for dinner . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the view is wonderful - unfortunately it ends there . we stopped in for some small plates and drinks after a concert . we ordered 4 appetizers small plates to split between the 6 of us , and also some oysters . i do n't know if it was the time of year or what , but the oysters were awful . the other appetizers were very under-seasoned and bland . the service was good , although she did n't seem to even care about the complaints about the oysters , even though 4 of the 6 remained at the end . did n't even have orange slices to make a proper old fashioned . the gnudi appetizer was the best - we would rate it a 7 out of 10 . the rest were 3 out of 10 or under . unfortunate , we loved the location and the views , and we wanted to find a new local hangout for dinner , drinks , etc .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "recently had a celebratory dinner here for a friend and although the location is scenic ( via inside tables ) , the food was mediocre and left me wanting more . we sat on the patio which does not have a nice view unless you enjoy staring at a parking lot . the menu sounds good in theory but the execution falls incredibly short . service was prompt and courteous . i found the drinks to be the best part of the meal , the berry lemonade martini is tasty and refreshing . i ordered several small plates cause hey , variety is the spice of life , all of which were just eh . and when all else fails , theres always dessert , right ? wrong ! ! they were all out of dessert except cheesecake so that left me super bummed . hopefully these are just some growing pains and everything will get ironed out but at this point i can think of many other places with great food and great outdoor space that i would rather go to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they get one star since zero is not an option . we went in for dinner . the food was . was bland and dried out . the waitress was friendly . but the hostess was very rude . we decided to go elsewhere for dinner . we got up and left mid meal . it 's a shame too considering i live next door i see them every night . i love walking up and past seeing the hostess at her stand looking bored out of her mind . no customers and i know why .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i could not believe how much i loved this place ! the view is so pretty , and the location feels like you are in your own secret hideaway . the food was sooooooooooo good . so good . i do n't just say that . i had the gnudi ( a ricotta gnocchi with a cream based sauce ) . get it . dare i say i have a new favorite place ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "missed customer appreciation night even though i walk to this place and frequent twice weekly . went tonight and bar was full but 3 seats open every other person . wanted to sit at bar for two and bartender shuffled us off to raw bar . did n't , t tell us when two seats opened ... ..had to keep watching . would have been nice if he asked ppl to slide one to accommodate us but no such luck . one and out instead of night on town . home to towers where i can see them out my window .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll be brief . the restaurant was n't that busy for a saturday night , but that did n't stop our waiter from being exceptionally distracted . it took a long time to even put a drink order in , and an even longer time to have the drinks delivered . the same went for our appetizers . i will say that the wine , cheese plate , and oysters tasted very good . when our waiter finally got around to taking our entr\u00e9e order , the food came out in a fair time . the problem was that the waiter took our silverware and did not replace it for several minutes while the food got cold . my order of a rabbit pasta with greens was so salty i could n't eat it . the waiter replaced the order with a scallop plate , that was also extremely salty . i gave up at this point . when the check came , it was incorrect and had to be sent back as well . i do n't mind paying $ 100 for a meal , but not for food and service like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! great atmosphere , it feels very warm and inviting in the dining area . everything we tasted was so delicious ! we had the tuna appetizer , quail , salmon flatbread ... tried tasting couple wines . our server was very knowledgeable and made great recommendations on food and wine . my favorite part was probably the desserts . the donuts and the chocolate torte was awesome ! will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the summer menu is great ! ! we were sitting outside and had amazing time ! ! the mussles and the fried oyster is just delicious ! ! great ! ! will come back again : ) keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an amazing time we loved the food i had the salmon and it was fantastic my husband had the pasta with the rabbit and morale and he said it was the best he has had . it 's so exciting to have something like this z in our community nice job victor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty pricey , but great for special occasions . also good to grab some wine and sit on their fun , albeit small , couch area . so much outdoor seating in the summer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here with my boyfriend for valentine 's day . we had the sampler with wine pairings , and overall it was a good fine dining experience . the wait staff was very courteous , and even moved us to a different table when ours was a bit wobbly . however , they are serious when they mean `` samplers '' , in which i finished the sampler and was still hungry . also it was super expensive ! the food was great nonetheless and the presentation was meticulous . we ordered the steak , which was huge and that filled me up . i may try v picasso on a different , non-holiday date when the prices are n't astronomical and the portions are larger .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had an excellent dinner here last night . very concerned that the place was almost empty . appetizers were a wedge salad and crostini both of which were excellent . mains were scallops with fried green tomatoes and a seafood stew . both were very good but the seafood stew had some rubbery octopus in it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter and i ate here during finals week as a break from all the studying . it was our first time and we chose it based on the menu , location and atmosphere . our server was very welcoming and helpful . we decided to `` graze '' on a cheese plate and two appetizers . the cheese plate was served with a tapenade , grainy mustard and two jellies along with plenty of wonderful focaccia . then we went on to beef tartare with toast points and parmesan crisps and the acorn squash and goat cheese salad . we thought the food was amazing , delicious , fresh and high quality . our only complaints were about the wines as we tasted four different ones . two by the glass and two `` on tap '' . unfortunately the red wine on tap was chilled which dulled the taste . the chardonnay on tap was better but tasted weak . so overall , it was a good experience and we would go back but this time will take them up on the offer to sample a few wines before deciding on one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was an amazing restaurant -- definitely the best we 've had in champaign urbana . my wife and i went there for our 5th wedding anniversary and it did n't disappoint . our waitress alexa really made the evening with some amazing suggestions , including my wife getting scallops , which were phenomenal . the oysters were also delicious . it is an expensive restaurant , so we wo n't be heading there on a random tuesday , but it will definitely be our top pick for future special occasions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brunch : excellent , maybe the best in town dinner : good i would absolutely return for brunch . i ordered the fried green tomato breakfast sandwich and it was delicious and a huge portion . i went with a large party of 20 and everyone enjoyed their food . went for dinner on valentine 's day this year for the first time and it was good . we got a few appetizers , the charcuterie board which is always a safe bet and the lox which was not anything special . i ordered the scallops for dinner and i liked it . more upscale so the dinner portions were smaller and it was expensive . a nice date spot with a great interior , but i am more likely to come back for brunch than dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in champaign for a job assignment and had a day off so i wanted to drive around and find some good eats . came upon this place v picasso which had a sign next to it that says `` we grow our own '' which pretty much means farm to table . that always attracts me so i gave it a try . i had the grilled duck breast with veggies on it . the dish was very delicious but my only mistake was that i should have ask for the duck skin on the breast to be crispy for the duck fat is what makes the dish but nonetheless i loved it and it was very satisfying . had a glass of malbec wine to go with it and to finish off , i had an espresso and the halva shortbread for dessert . many might find that the food is on the pricey side but i do n't care . i 'll pay to eat good and healthy especially when it 's farm to table . the service was great as the waiter was very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a fantastic sunday brunch with friends . great mimosas , bloody mary 's , eggs benedict , steak and eggs and biscuits and gravy ! server `` moody '' was definitely not moody ! very pleasant experience ! kudos to management ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my birthday with a group of 10 and we all loved it . i had eggplant parm . and it was so flavorful i was talking about how good it was all night . they did n't have a kids menu but were willing to create a small pasta dish for my 3 year old . they did n't have milk for him either , but had a very good lemonade that he liked . others in our party had a fillet , pork belly , salmon , and fried chicken and all reported that the food was excellent . the service and presentation were very good also . we enjoyed our night . food tasted very fresh . atmosphere was nice too ! we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dinner for 7 was a disappointment . one of the pork chop dinners was served raw . the osso buco was dry and over cooked , although it tasted good . the scallops we very good and our waitress was also very good . just not worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "warm red wine in wrong glass ... smallish pour ... guess this flys in champaign , near chicago they 'd be closed . did n't try the food after the wine experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wonderful staff that goes the extra mile to accommodate vegan diners . beautiful outdoor dining area . great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this location . often times a wait , but i 'll never go back to lab corp if i do n't have to as they are a rip off -- how they get away with a $ 25 venipuncture is crazy . go to squest , leta rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is a complete joke . this is not my 1st bad experience . it was my 3rd and i only go once a year . this year i had a 7:30 appt booked online 2 weeks in advance . they call the 7:45 back at 7:55.. i said what about the 730 ? they said `` what ? '' then for a half hour they look for my paperwork that i handed them ar 7:20 when i arrived ... what ? there are 7 am walk ins still waiting and it is now 8:20 and i 'm still not back . but on a happy note they found my paperwork in a green folder stuck back behind the computer . what ? never again ! lab corp across the parking lot will get all my business from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible as always ! they are so understaffed and disorganized ! while they are friendly , it does n't make up for the fact that i have waited 30 minutes after arriving for a scheduled appointment . so frustrating ! it happens every time i come . my bad for continuing to come here ... it would be worth the drive to their scottsdale location", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like seeing steve adler pa he is funny and knowledgable . the place has been turning into a factory over the last few years packed lobby and everyone seems to be unhappy and running behind . they also treat you like you are a tweaker when it comes to prescribing medication . i have a life long injury and require prescription medication to function at 100 percent . i would not go here if my primary doctor could just prescribe meds long term . they are expensive too . bring a magazine if it is your first visit they have nothing but chairs . also plan on 1.5 to 2 hours for you total visit . the first 30 mins will be your filling out clip boards crap . the second 30 will be waiting to get in . 5 mins will be your dr time or more than likely pa visit . then you go back and wait 30 mins for you prescription papers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place sucks do not go there unless you are a cow in a heard they do not care about anyone i 've been going here for years just did n't know any better it 's just a needle factory that 's it stick you in the back and take your money i 've had major surgery and the last twelve visits i have n't even been asked how i was this place is just a joke i 'm done with these people ... if you have more time and more money to waste on nothing be my guest go to tpc but your better off just to do nothing at all about your problem", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go to this pain clinic . patients are treated like cattle . doctors do not care and treat all pain management patients as junkies . it is very unfortunate that medical professionals have so little compassion for patients , especially those with pain . as another person mentioned corporate greed has taken over compassion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "listen to all the people saying to avoid this place . all they want to do now is stick everyone with a needle ! ! cutting back scripts & depending on who you see they can be very rude ! ! ! a few years ago they were ok but have gone way way down from that time ... avoid just avoid this place anyway if you can ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "constantly new staff , long waits and doctors quiting . constantly pushing back procedures when other things are more important because that is their money maker", "score": "1"}
{"review": "go somewhere else . you will wait 45-60 minutes to see someone . the dr will spend about 30 seconds with you with his hand on the door tying to leave . they will insist on treating your issue bilaterally , even if you only have problems on one side . it feels like a push for your money , not a place to receive open and honest dialogue or treatment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here several times over the last 2 years . each time there is a huge line of people and a good 1-1.5 hour wait . i would have to say their treatments worked 50 % of the time . shame . phone system sucks , but they sure like to perscribe a ton of medication ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are a scam , this place treats its patients like garbage , stay clear from this company . office people are very rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately this practice has gone down the tubes . more interested in prescribing drugs & unnecessary ( costly ) treatments than caring about patient .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to the pain center for several treatments for the last 6 months for multiple issues . based on some of the reviews , they must have changed their ways . i am always escorted back at the time of my appointment for the `` vitals '' gathering . i have waited no more than 30 minutes before the doctor saw me ... and that was only once . the front desk staff has always treated me kindly , even when i was a little snotty because i just plain hurt . everyone in the place is very friendly . meds are called in or faxed promptly to my pharmacy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "complete ripoff they do noting for pain by administer heavy drugs and the keep billing you for life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disappointed , not sorely , but disappointed . my dom was extremely excited about the sessions she planned at the pain center . my level of excitement was exactly as my dom allowed it to be . they do take walkins after verifying our health insurance which was very odd . the entrance was full of inexperienced `` experimenters . '' probably just read 50 shades of grey and desired a washed down vanilla experience . this is not a place for the true fet scene . after accepting my $ 50 copay we were promptly escorted out by security after a few minutes of begging my dom use me as a toilet . we were denied a refund on our copay and revoked from any future visits . for your health !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich kann nicht sagen wie gut sie sind oder nicht . leider habe ich heute meine kleine erst 4monate alte bulldogge einliefern lassen . es war ein notfall , sie war im schock , war wie im trance und bewegte & reagierte nicht : ( sie wurde ger\u00f6nt und alles , es sah nicht gut aus . 2 3 ihrer lunge war mit einer fl\u00fc\u00dfigkeit , welche wei\u00df keiner . sie ist n\u00e4mlich nach ein paar stunden in der klinik verstorben : ( bin aus allen wolken gefallen , vorallem weil mir das keiner erkl\u00e4ren konnte warum . gestern war alles super , sie hat gefressen , gespielt , getobt und am morgen auf einmal erbrechen und dieser zustand ! ! wie kann das sein , dass sich die lunge so schnell f\u00fcllt & zum tod f\u00fchrt ? vor allem was war in der lunge ? , diese untersuchung haben sie sich gespart : ( ich vermiss meine kleine prinzessin . ruhe in frieden mein baby , ich liebe dich ! ! : -", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ich war auch schon dort , viel geld gekostet und gebracht hat es nichts , das tier ist gestorben.laut der \u00e4rztin war es gesund , was nicht stimmte . 2 tage sp\u00e4ter musste ich es einschl\u00e4fern lassen , 2 tage leidensweg schlimm . ich gehe nicht mehr hin.ich vertraue nur meinem tierarzt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in dieser tierklinik scheint das geldverdienen an erster stelle zu stehen . anstatt einen offensichtlich kranken wellensittich einzuschl\u00e4fern , werden teuere untersuchungen gemacht und spezialfutter verkauft , das reichen w\u00fcrde , einen ganzen wellensittichschwarm zu ern\u00e4hren . das - laut tierklinik gesunde - tier ist wenige stunden gestorben . die gr\u00f6\u00dfte frechheit war , dass zu der ohnehin schon unversch\u00e4mt hohen rechnung zwei monate sp\u00e4ter auch noch eine zus\u00e4tzliche rechnung per post kam , in der zus\u00e4tzlich laborkosten abgerechnet wurden . ich wei\u00df schon , wo ich mit keinem tier mehr hingehen werde !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wollte heut einen notfall dort anmelden , aber es h\u00e4lt ja keiner f\u00fcr n\u00f6tig mal ans telefon zu gehen . laut ab ist aber immer jemand verf\u00fcgbar , war mir zu heikel , hab den notdienst im nachbarkreis erreicht .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zugegebenerma\u00dfen ist die tierklinik auf den ersten blick sehr teuer , daf\u00fcr aber mit allerhand modernen ger\u00e4ten ausgestattet . unser kater hatte eine verstopfung , die innerhalb von zwei tagen gel\u00f6st wurde . wir erhielten stets professionelle beratung , man wollte uns auch keine produkte aufschw\u00e4tzen . die tier\u00e4rztin hat uns sogar mehrmals angerufen , w\u00e4hrend seines klinikaufenthalts , um uns auf den laufenden zu halten und wir wurden stets \u00fcber alle kosten im voraus informiert . seit der behandlung l\u00e4uft unser kater wieder froh durchs leben und unseren garten : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did not have working mods for tasting , not many juices able to sample and no book with juices ingredients . luckily i knew what juice i wanted when i walked in but looked to sample others . over priced smok coils . every location i been to sells 5 packs for $ 20 . this location charges $ 9 for 1 coil outrageous . only will return for 1 juice i enjoy . this is my first horrible rating for a vape store", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service , go to magic vape down the road for a much more pleasant experience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have nothing but positive reviews for evapeology for many reasons , but mainly because they stand behind their products . i actually managed to break the battery tip from my battery and charles replaced it without a second guess . i always get hooked up with something when i 'm there . not sure where all the bad reviews are coming from..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "baseline and greenfield location sucks ! ! ! i guess i did n't have enough tattoos or drop the f-bomb every 60 seconds to fit in and get any customer service . full of tweekers just hanging out ... . really lame . i might have bought a bottle of over priced `` premium '' juice but the first six testers i tried did n't work . six in a row ! i was in the store less than 10 minutes and its 10 min of my life i wish i had back . unless you are very patient and spend your free time coaching high school drop outs in the art of good salesmanship , do n't waste your time", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has to be , by far , the best ice cream i 've had in a really long time . it is so fresh and you can taste that they use only the highest quality ingredients . lots of flavors to choose from ! i personally liked the `` coffee & cookies '' which is coffee ice cream with oreos mixed in . simply amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this place for the first time today . my daughter , an asu grad , was quite pleased to learn the wildcat crunch was for mesquite hs and not uofa . great workers , very friendly , very funny . they also serve ice cream , which was quite tasty . the waffle cone was delicious too . i ordered the honey vanilla ( definitely heavy on the honey ) and the wildcat crunch ( twix , caramel , and vanilla ) in a waffle cone . my daughter ordered samoa crunch ( with chunks of samoa cookies ) and rockier road also in a waffle cone . we give it a 10 out of 10 and are looking forward to trying the other flavors . also , it was exceptionally reasonably priced for the quality of the product . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful ice cream . the flavors are amazing . small batches mean they 're always changing the menu . and did i mention the flavors are amazing ? nice atmosphere , some patio space out front , booths inside . they have board games for the kids . the owners are super friendly . will be going back regularly for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for great homemade ice cream that 's family friendly come check out mcmahon 's . the owners jim and theresa are incredible stop in and say hi ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so yummy ! great variety of flavors to choose from . we will definitely be coming back . they are real friendly and have family board games at the tables to play .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome grand opening ! ice cream was top shelf and the mcmahon 's were fantastic hosts . they got a wheel you can spin after like ten visits and you can win ice cream for a year ! recommend all the mesquite high family check it out . try the az honey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in yesterday after reading rave reviews on living chandler facebook group and on yelp . it was without a doubt the best ice cream we 've ever had . staff was friendly , we met the owner but he did n't really stop and talk , he seemed busy ( which is okay - that 's a good thing ! ) we 'll probably be back today ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ice cream . you could say it is literally written into my genetic code from what i consumed daily while in the womb ( long story ) . i 'm very particular about my ice cream and although i do like yogurt i always prefer the original . mcmahon 's is delicious . i tried the pistachio , which was creamy and nutty with good texture but i ultimately decided on coffee with oreo . wow ! what a combo . the chocolate and sweet cream of the oreo gives the ice cream an interesting appeal with varying bites of pure coffee flavor and others with the oreo . i absolutely loved it . will be back and it will be hard to not get the same flavor again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got two scoops of the oreo ice cream . really creamy and fresh tasting ! the best part was large chunks of cookie throughout ! great customer service also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best all around ice cream place ! not only is the ice cream great but the customer service is phenomenal . love supporting local businesses , especially when they are as good as mcmahon 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome flavors . tasty home made and really nice people . my daughter liked watching the ice cream being made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "already visited three times . love the flavors and texture of their ice cream . very friendly . punch card available . they have ices and sorbet too for non dairy customers . also good high chair ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! my husband and i sampled the birthday cake and wildcat ice-cream , super creamy and delicious ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , super-creamy , small-batch ice cream made on site by servers who are very friendly and professional . what i nice place , too ! paid for mine with apple pay , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and daughter just brought me here for a mothers day treat ! the staff was super nice . the ice cream was so delicious and we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite ice cream place ! they are always friendly and inviting . i 'm currently obsessed with the banana & nilla wafer flavor , but they have so many delicious options , you 're sure to find something you love . taste test to your hearts desire ! they also fill the containers to almost overflowing , which , for an ice cream addict like me , is much appreciated . they also have a reward punch card and who does n't love free ice cream ? give them a try , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it 's homemade ice cream at its best . i absolutely love that they have games at the tables for you to play . my boyfriend and i love coming here after dinner for awesome ice cream and to laugh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! tried several flavors and settled with mint chip . the best mint chip i 've ever had . hubby had lemon sorbet and it was incredible . i love that each batch is handmade with real ingredients . i highly recommend mcmahon 's and we will be driving from queen creek from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's not to love about mcmahon 's ice cream ? delicious , homemade , small - batch ice cream ( they make it right there inn front of you ! ) served with a smile at a family-owned business . plus , games for the kids to play . we all loved the flavor combinations ( although it makes decision making hard ) . from the raspberry sorbet to the pistachio almond , it was all delicious . we 'll be back again and again . i recommend you give it a try too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very creative and delicious ice cream flavors . some of the best i 've had locally .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best ice cream i 've ever had ! the flavors are true and you can tell they use quality ingredients . you must try ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great local business ! i took my husband there for his birthday and we met the owner , jim mcmahon , who was working behind the counter along side of the staff , who were all friendly . the ice cream is made fresh in small batches and the variety of flavors is amazing . they even have 7 or 8 non-dairy flavors . i had the rockier road ( packed with almonds , marshmallows and chocolate chips ) and my husband had the banana cream with nilla wafers and a scoop of the salted caramel crunch which had chocolate covered pretzels in it . absolutely delicious ! and they have a frequent customer card so that you can earn freebies . just a great place ! we will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so yummy ! you can tell it 's fresh , homemade ice cream . favorite is the chocolate pb swirl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stumbled upon this family-owned ice cream shop and have been raving about it ever since ! we 'll be back again and again . i brought my ice cream-obsessed grandmother and she said it was the best ice cream she 's ever had ! the price is right and favorites include banana creme and nilla wafer and the cashew crunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the owner jim was awesome great customer service very patient with serving me with samples of the flavors ... i cant say enough about the ice cream and the customer service ... thanks jim your the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly the best ice cream , the pecan carmel cheesecake is amazing . totally worth the $ $", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the kiddos for some ice cream after dance class and this spot is great ! ice cream was delicious and all of the tables had games to play or crafts to do . the kids loved it ! it 's great to support a local family owned business , especially when the ice cream is this yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! glad we found this place ! it 's a little hidden behind cvs , but well worth the trip here . delicious homemade ice cream ! will probably become my go to spot from now on . two thumbs up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool to walk among the slab yard - as was recommended from the store front on vine - however the remnant yard was not a deal as it was the same price as the stuff not picked over and most was already `` tagged '' . could have done without the salesman telling me what a great deal they were lol . if you have an unlimited budget they do have the most gorgeous product .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad we choose firenza for our kitchen counter replacement . from the first contact they have been nothing but terrific . mike helped us select our stone and came to measure . he was patient and answered all of our questions . he provided excellent advice on edges and stone . we had the counter installed yesterday . the installers were on time and professional . they finished on time with little left to clean up . the plumber we used through firenza was also on time , professional and kindly answered all our questions . the only thing i would have done differently is cover my items in the bottom cabinets that were exposed . the old counter was a bit messy to remove and left some dust behind . but nothing terrible . we are so pleased with the granite counter and love the way they cut it . i can not say enough about this experience and beautiful product ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . they treat their workers with respect . provide all the tooling and education to have the most skilled craftsmen in the business . owners are very involved in the company and they care about every customer or person that walks thru there as if they where the most important ever . quick turnaround on installs . usually a one week turnaround after template . provide a huge selection or granite , quartz , marble and quartzite countertops", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in 2014 firenza stone did our kitchen and bathroom . i put out a review about how badly we were treated by mike the owner and his rude wife . we ran into mike at a local restaurant . i went up to him to him to see if he remembered my husband and myself . he did . he began swearing at me and my husband and called us vulgar names . we spent a lot of money in his store and again i am so sick that we gave him our business . and again he said he did n't give a f -- -- how much we spent on his product . horrible small man ! ! ! ! kathrine kasunic mentor oh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we first met the director of kye - amy robinson - approximately 3 years ago when we were interviewing different childcare facilities while my wife was still pregnant . at that time , amy was working as the director of another childcare provider where she worked for approximately 25 years ! we immediately fell in love with amy and her childcare philosophy . two and a half years later , we still love amy and all that she 's done for development of our son . he 's happy , healthy , and very well-adjusted . he loves going to `` school '' every morning , and as far as we can tell , all the childcare providers are happy and the other children and their parents are as well . we recently followed amy to her newest venture - kye , as did many of the families from the prior childcare provider , and would recommend this childcare facility to anyone who is looking for the happiest , safest , friendliest childcare facility in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loving caregivers who forge lifelong friendships with children and their families , now housed in a modern and purpose-built preschool . we have had children in amy 's care for 2.5 years . i would urge anyone in need of childcare ( infant to pre-k ) to look here first . this is a non-profit , play-based , family-like environment where everyone knows your child 's name and needs . we love the village .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not bad , but it also does n't stand out among all of the great restaurant options in pittsburgh . we started with the queso dip with homemade chips , and split the 1 2 rack of ribs with chicken and a `` side '' of the mac n cheese . both the queso and the mac n cheese are too spicy for most people , which was a bummer . the ribs are ok , but are a bit dry , probably due to the lack of fat and cooking process . the bbq sauces ( come in mild , medium and hot ) are all very good , memphis-style sauces . the portions are huge ( expect to be filled up by the side portion of mac n cheese ) . good beer selection . will be back for drinks , but maybe not the food . however , we are from memphis , so our standards are high for this sort of food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible service , took over 20 minutes to get one beer ! also the waitress had no idea what a negroni was even though it was on their menu . wo n't be returning anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come for the tacos , and then also , stay for more tacos . this reformed pizza place has a ton of new bbq options , but honestly , i have n't tried any of them because i keep ordering 15 tacos every . single . time . plenty of beers to keep you feeling fine , and the wait staff is great . fired up goodness ? fired up ohmygodtacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does n't measure up to other neighboring bbq like yinzburgh and union pig and chicken which are much better choices if you 're in the mood . should have never changed concepts from pizza to bbq ! such a bummer ! in my opinion , great place for a cold beer but nothing interesting at all about the menu .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved it ! great variety of beer on tap , including full pours on beers that at other bars you might only receive a 10 or 12 oz pour for the same price ( or more ) ! tacos and queso were delicious . we each chose to mix and match multiple chicken , steak and shrimp tacos ( they even have tofu ) . we will definitely be coming back and bringing more friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before going , i went to the website and checked the menu . sandwiches , ribs , chicken , a real restaurant that serve bbq products . this saturday 1 14 night , on the menu you have pizzas , tacos . no beef , no ribs , no chicken , no corn , no bbq ! ! ! i ask the waitress , she says , no we do no more ribs , but why on the site the menu have all food you do not propose now ? she do n't know ! do n't go there to eat bbq . site lie !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place may be using hotlicks recipes , but hotlicks it 's not . the ribs tasted like they were steaming for several days before being served . and the atmosphere is college bar , smelling strongly of beer and slightly of pee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bbq pork taco . bomb.com yo . hav n't been disappointed with anything i got yet . catfish and chicken are a weird combo but it works . just make sure you be careful of the bones . caught me off guard cause i was worfing it down like garfield .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza may be back , and now we have tacos not bbq , but the old bites and brews still has the same issues as before . we went last night for dinner , browsed the menu , and after being underwhelmed left to go across the street to harris grill . what bothers me the most is the company did such a great job with the switch back to the elbow room from 1947 , yet is failing so hard with bites and brews b & b .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i were wandering around shadyside when we came across this great looking restaurant . the looks of the restaurant was much better than the prices and food . we bought 2 tacos , a burger , and artichoke dip . the tacos were 4 $ a piece , and were very small , but they were good . the burger was great and reasonably priced . the artichoke dip was just okay , and overpriced . on top of that , our server was rude . she did not greet us , and she barely came by our table to ask if we 're ready to order or if our meal was okay . at the time went to eat , the restaurant was dead , so she had plenty of time to stop by and talk to us . instead she talked more with her coworkers . we were not impressed with this restaurants overpriced food and bad service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "goods : great happy hour with 1 2 off drafts . $ 5 burger is tasty for the price . cheap tacos on tuesday 's bads : service is sub-par . dingy atmosphere . overall , not a terrible place if you 're looking for a cheap happy hour spot for a cheap , decent craft brew", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time i 've tried the new menu , shared nachos as an app and tacos for the meal , both were excellent . pulled pork tacos in particular were delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza may be gone , name has changed , but still a great spot for excellent casual food and a fantastic beer selection . the new tacos may very easily be as good as the pizza was , and certainly something more unique in shadyside", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a bit worried going there after reviews , but went any way . sometimes you need an adventure . well , it was better than expected but not great . as a vegetarian the options were truely limited . green beans , lo mein , potatoes and salad . it did however offer tons of meat options for people who enjoy such items . we arrived right after openung and everything looked fresh . service was ok. at $ 10.99 you cant complain about price . i gave it a two star rating more for overall lack of appeal and worn diningroom . my green beans were fresh and tasty . lo mein was buffet quality . probably wont go out of my way to go back , but not as bad as some have said here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "two hungry girls saw this on the road and wanted to try something different . the lunch menus is only 7 . 99 ! ! we immediately pulled over . for the amount of food you get this is an unbeatable deal and soft drinks are only 1 . 79 with free refills ! the food : we did n't see lot of seafood out during lunch and only tried the shrimp which was next to the ice cream . but their was a lot of chinese food that you would find at a regular take out place . the siu mai i tried was still a little pink and the orange chicken had a funny after taste . however , the mongolian bbq and steamed fish , chow mein were good . overall , stay away from the old stuff or anything artificially pink like the fried rice and you 'll be ok . if you have a large group and hungry kids on a budget this is worth it for the deal . the place could use some more love cleaning and decor wise but it 's a wallet-friendly restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the little lady and i were on a buffet kick for a hot second , and this was one of our stops . while they did have a large array of food to choose from , i did feel a little skeeved out . for starters , almost every plate i grabbed was still dirty , with dried chunks of the previous diners selection still hanging on . second , a lot of the items looked as though they had been sitting for a good long while ... and lastly , i was bummed that every time i went to get some soup the bowls were totally out . some of the food had good flavor , and it was n't all bad ... but when i 'm paying for food i want the good stuff . as for the service , the dude was prompt to clear our dirty plates and fill our drinks . probably wo n't return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pass . not good and not clean . poor quality , need i say more ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is not terrible ; not great either . i really like the much-maligned tamales . if not burned , the wings and breaded chicken are good . veggies and mushrooms generally tasty . i almost iike the garlic green beans , but they have this strange waxy aftertaste . ca n't quite describe it . crab puffs , reasonable for a buffet . avoid varying-quality ribs and fatty house special chicken . stuffed crab shells and egg patties yummy . pot stickers and tacos not terrible . avoid hot and sour soup unless you like hot and sour soup generally . think that 's most of what i tried .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was impressed how how nice the place look when i first walked in . very clean with warm lighting and different seating section . there is also a fish pond at the entrance . since it just barely open , everything look new and clean . i was looking forward to sushi but it was a disappointment . the rice was not soft and the sushi does n't seem very fresh . there seafood is not much , just crawfishes and deep fried soft shelf crabs . do n't expect any big steam crab legs since the price is $ 9.99 dinner . they also having mongolian bbq but i did n't try it . there was n't really much other exciting selections that stand out . overall the food was just okay if you want to fill your stomach", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful time the food was hot and good and there was a large variety of seafood and chinese food . the price was good also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every single time that i come to this place i order raspberry tea and start eating lime a deamon i really love the food from this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a very mixed group here with lots of tastes . all the usual chinese buffet items were in this vast palace , plus mongolian bbq and steak chop grill , a sushi table , taco bar and lots of desserts . i ca n't remeber if spagetti was on one table , but i 'm thinking it was . i did n't roam the steam tables much , loaded up a mongolian bbq plate , returning to dine , later than anyone , with our group . people in general were happy , one or two got a more hot chiles than expected . some went back for thirds . it was very good , and may be the only chinese food place we could take my mother-in-law and she could find food she 'd eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its the super buffet - lots of options , but some items were left a bit too long under the burners . can be very crowed with lots of unruly children crawling all over the place as the one did that decided to share my booth with me , wtf take control of your kids please ! service was a bit slow , but its open late if you have a craving and everything else is closed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "parking lot is somewhat small and seems poorly laid out based on the way people had parked . just seemed like too many cars were incapable of maneuvering between the painted lines . restaurant looks fairly large and buffet tables are visible upon entering . there is a meeting room in the back which we used for a club meeting . did n't seem as if they were even prepared for our group to be there . rugs were in a pile in the corner of the room and the floor was stick gross . my shoes were stuck and made noise each time i lifted a foot . annoyingly gross . tables were basic conference type tables with napkin holder and soy sauce bottles strategically placed . i think they could do a little more to make this a very useful meeting area and potentially create a better draw . start by mopping the floors would be a good place to start . i did not eat . food smelled alright but i 'm not very fond of buffet chinese and i just feel sushi does n't belong on any buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food and service is horrible . they say us down and got us our drinks but did n't check up on us until like 1 hour later . the broccoli beef and chicken were under seasoned and tasted nasty . the sushi rice was hard and obviously not fresh . the only decent thing were the chicken wings . if you 're looking for a cheap place to fill you up like fast food joints , this is your place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was ok for a buffet . we had to wait for a table in which we thought if we were waiting then it was going to be awesome . the food was mediocre & selection was alright . standard beef broccoli , sweet & sour chicken , & rangoon . but nothing out of the ordinary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we tried this restaurant twice . the first time was so bad we wanted to give them a chance to earn our business . the service was lousy . the staff very rude and when asked to refill an item it took over 15 mins . the food also was mediocre at best it was often cold or just room temperature . the item we requested refilled came out cold .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went here because my phone said that the home town buffet was located at this address but found out it was taken over by the maderine buffet instead , we decided to try it anyway . for the price it was , it was not worth a dime . the food was ill prepared , the staff was pretty much non-existing and rude for example , when asking for a refill the server replied `` do n't you want to wait until you get home for a drink ? '' when it came to dessert that seemed to be the only thing that seemed edible besides the fact that the jell-o felt like it was made from rubber and we stayed away from the ice cream because for some reason they kept oysters next to it and there was an oyster shell in one of the buckets of ice cream . the atmosphere was just uncontrolled screaming children and when i got home i felt like i needed a bottle of petobismal . i would highly not recommend this place at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is disgusting . dont waste your time or money . i tried several items , convinced i could find something , anything good . let me leave you with this - even the pudding was disgusting . like a watered down version of something from a can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3 12 2015 yeah , what happened ? food quality went down , cleanliness went down , service went down ... ..yuck . too bad , i used to love this place . i give this place 5 stars for a few reasons ... i always arrive around 11:30 am when the food is just put out and it is always well presented , hot and good quality . the service is always good as far as getting drinks refilled quickly and friendly staff . the selection is huge , if you ca n't find something you like you are not really looking . i love the nibble table , all those little desserts and a wide variety of fruit . if you are vegetarian there is a good selection to choose from so me and my friends can all have things we like . i wo n't rate the sushi for i do not eat it , never have , ca n't say . overall it 's clean , very well priced and has lots of good food to choose from , everything i like in a buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was happy to see a mongolian buffet after hibachi closed . sorry to report , but this was a major disappointment . everything tasted stale . hope i do n't get sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ive been here before with ny family and i had n't been there in awhile so i told my boyfriend and we went to eat . the food was average kind of tastless and bland . also , the orange chicken was n't very good . it seemed dirty . the waiters would just stand around not even clean . the only good thing i could say about this place is that they have an incredible variety of ice cream not just simple chocolate and vanilla .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to say i did not expect much but from the time you enter the restaurant there was no enthusiasm from the hostess nor the wait staff . we were lead to our table and there was so much trash and napkins on the floor i had second thoughts . the food was not special and there were so many steam tables that were either empty or they looked like someone was digging through the food in search of jewelry they had a lot of food to choose from but i had only found one or two things that i really liked . i love chinese food but i think this cured my search for a good oriental buffet . i will not be back to this place again . i really wanted to like it but no thank you..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went a month ago like i said little to dark a little pricey love mongolian grill would like to see some sweet and sour pork i can never find here in az . little better price for seniors maybe a free drink included . other wise a nice place to eat and good services .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just revisited this place on satuday . i recommend that you take a tiny sample of everything interesting to try before loading up your plate . for instance , the fried chicken wings have some weird curry spice or something . on saturday they had raw oysters on the half shell . i was the only one partaking in these lovely critters , as i remembered to bring lemon wedges , captain 's wafers and seafood cocktail sauce . i didnt die . i recommend highly the hot and sour soup , the sauteed string beans , and those open pork dumpling things near the soup . i ate five plates full of the things i liked , including dessert cakes covered with ice cream covered with whipped cream . saturday 's price was about $ 14 , service was decent , the people well-behaved . if anyone finds a buffet with perfect tempura vegetables , i 'd be in heaven . only seen them on the east coast ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! this place was by far the filthiest place i 've ever been to . the waiters and waitresses were so friendly but that was about the only good thing . bland food and food that tastes like tap water . the rest room reeked . terrible , eat at home , you 'll be better off !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow this place is amazing yesterday i wanted for lunch and i love it the bbq was delicious so many choices they all friendly . also my kids were happy because they have real ice cream and so much fruit and desert only for 7.99 and i had 15 % discount . i recommend this place is awesome. ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this location a few weeks go , it was a great place to eat for the first time . i went with my family for my sisters 8th grade promotion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "saturday at 2 : 30 pm - pre costco visit surprisingly attractive inside - but food was bland and lukewarm at best - i kept flashing back to restaurant impossible rants about food temps . although plate removal and refills were prompt - was disapointed in everything else ! i wo n't be back sorry . save your money and eat at home !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quiet polite staff . not dirty but not clean . smells of a funky fish tank . everything had a mild fishy taste from the rice to the ( what i think was ) teriyaki chicken with brocoli . this is not a stop for a good buffet . there is another buffet like this one in south phx near 40th and baseline . so similar you 'd think they are the same company . major difference is the one on baseline is like a palace in comparison . this seems like a team effort problem rather than company model . but this is just an opinion . reasonable price if the food had been better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just missed the lunch buffet so opted for the dinner buffet . we found the food to be good especially if you make it a point to eat the freshly made food . i tried the bbq area similar to a mongolian grill . you pick your goodies and someone will cook it for you . the food is piping hot and you 're know it is fresh . if in doubt , do n't eat it . the sushi was very regular ; all veggie no fish . i skipped that stop . there are better buffets but if in the area , this is passable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place , i 've been going there for a long time . the best part has to be the mongolian bbq steak grill . also excellent employees", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is horrible . only had half a plate and i was dissatisfied with what i chose . we have tried a lot of different places and this by far is the worst . the noodles are greasy and tastless . the sweet and sour sauce tasted like sugar and water with red dye . wish we read the reviews first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hidden gem of a swim and racquet club off sharon amity . beautiful hard and clay courts and friendly hosts for tennis . swimming pool was already closed , but it 's a good size . bathrooms need a little updating , but they do the job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ah to be a friend with benefits ... get your mind out of the gutter ! what i mean is that some friends , who are members here , invited us to the pool when the weather was oh-so-much-more-delightful . it seems like charlotte lacks nice public swimming pools , at least close to center city . therefore , i was excited to check out charlotte swim & racquet club . the pool area is all the things you 'd want in a swimming opportunity - large , clean and plenty of amenities . three cheers for the concession bar ; not only is it shaded , but it 's filled with options ! even though i was there during a holiday weekend , the staff was helpful and even a bit cheery . this was a huge feat considering how many excited children were running about . i did n't spend too much time checking out the courts , but from what i saw they looked very nicely kept . here 's hoping i get another invite to da club come summer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i have been members of this pool for about 4 years now and it 's great . of the clubs , this one is affordable and clean . swim lessons and tennis lessons are offered and the option of participating in csrc 's swim team is there too . i have done tennis here for almost 4 years now and the instructor is terrific and lessons are super cheap for the quality . awesome club to join if you want a nice atmosphere with kind people without paying tons of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here over 4th of july holiday , so i 'll try not to review the thousands of kids there playing games ! ha . definitely a family place . nice pool area ( deep end and shallow ) as well as concessions and 7-8 tennis courts , which looked it great shape . there were kids games and adult activities going on all day and it was very busy . demographic is definitely family w kids . my wife and i went there with another couple who are members and they use it for relaxation on non-busy days , which i can see the benefit . you 're allowed to bring in coolers , etc . if you 've got a little extra to spend and do n't mind the days with tons of kids , this is a fun quiet place in the cotswold neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love our neighborhood pool . the snack bar is great the facilities are really nice . the families and staff are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right , i know many professionals that bag on sallys , but to be honest they are owned by the same parent company that owns the `` professional only '' supply houses.. good selection of nail products , eyelashes , brushes , combs , and hot tools like irons . the staff was helpful . the store is clean , and neat . i am a fan , i 'll be back..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm never coming back to this location . i would rather drive further for better customer service . normally the people here are ok , however yesterday 's visit was horrible . i usually go in to buy the usual stuff . when i approached the counter ready to pay for my items , i asked the woman if they carried any eyebrow kits . without even bothering to look she gave me a quick `` no '' . when i left , i turned around to take a quick look at the racks and sure enough , the eyebrow kits were there . i told her , `` actually , you do carry them and they 're right there '' . she then responded with , `` ok '' , not even leaving the counter area . she treated me like a jerk . so , be aware of the indian woman who works there . she 's really rude . and if you are heavily tattooed , she treats you worse .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this sally 's forever , and am always satisfied . the ladies that work in there truly know their stuff , and keep you posted on all the sales .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sally 's is just one of those stores i go to because their are n't really any other beauty supply stores in my area . every time i go in here i am ignored no one really says much to me , but then again i do n't really want them to because most of the time they do n't know what they are talking about . they do n't have any product knowledge other than the knowledge of try to make you buy a sally 's card . i never get good customer service in here . no one greets me when i walk in , no one asks me if i need help , and most of the time it 's no one at the register . i have to hunt the person down in the store and tell them i 'm ready to make my purchase .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had some basic questions about mani pedi products and all of my questions were answered by shauna and george . they were both professional and friendly . i had just had a bad experience at another sally 's location and so i already had a high expectation when coming here . i live right across the street from one sally 's but they will never get another cemt from me . i did appreciate shauna and george , i got a sally 's card and i look forward to coming back in whem i need help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "real ghetto never again that indian lady 's , and she did n't even help rude and very ignorant + she certainly does n't no nothing i tried asking her simple questions and not even focused or anything i 'm giving a star just because u have to so i can post this", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in there to get a color stripper for my hair . going from black , back to blonde , and the product i tried 2 days earlier did nothing ( color oops ) . i spoke to `` jesse '' , the store manager and he was beyond helpful ! he looked at my hair , took a short history on what i had done to it thus far , and showed me a product that would do the trick . he even suggested a rinse for me to use afterwards to help in the process . he even took the booklet out of the package and walked me through the process . i asked if i could call him if i had any problems , and he was more than happy for me to do so . he was kind , knowledgeable and personable . the prices for my product selection were far under what i had anticipated to spend . jesse was awesome ! i would highly recommend this store if you 're like me , hair ignorant . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love sally 's ; i buy the hairtrition line of haircare products because the moisturizing line actually works ! it makes my hair super shiny and soft . they also carry my favorite nail polish line ; china glaze . if you sign up for a sally card they 're only $ 4.50 or so , as opposed to nearly $ 6 . the savings add up if you 're a nail polish junkie like i am ! this location is often clean and quiet , with decent parking . sometimes the lot can fill up and be a little more of a challenge to park in , but it 's not the store 's fault . the employees here have been helpful and pleasant . this is not a promotional store ; the crackle line of polishes was never shipped here , so do n't come here expecting to find a limited run unless it 's on sale from another store ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sally 's is a good place for non-professionals to get some near-professional and sometime professional grade styling , perming , coloring , and general hair care products . their prices are usually fair and their selection ok , only i would caution taking the advice of anyone working there . you do n't have to have a cosmetology license to do so , and if you do and you 're working at sally 's , i wonder about your competency . although they may mean well , and sometimes they may know what they 're talking about , i would defer to a professional stylist for their advice before going on a home hair mission . i 've seen more than one head ruined by bad sally 's advice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my kids insisted on trying the bacon wrapped deep dish pizza which surprisingly enough is not bad . also , apparently everything is now part of the hot and ready so you can just stop in and pick up a pizza to go . while i still prefer other pizza places , this is a good option for a cheap and quick meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking for something quick & cheap for lunch today . i saw a sign for little caeser 's & stopped inside . i got a large hot & ready pepperoni pizza with an order of crazy bread & dipping sauce for only $ 8 . the pizza was n't bad , i 've definitely had worse . the crazy bread was awesome . i 'd come here again for lunch if i was in a hurry & did n't want to spend much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "scummy area that smacks of bad news , but the staff has remarkable work ethic and the pizza is predictably good . i dig the crazy bread best . i would like to try the deep dish sometime . the gal working the register exchanged some small talk about hair dye and was really personable . the pizza and breadsticks did n't take long , and was the usual greasy + tasty combo i expect at little caesar 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they always have a pepperoni hot & ready ! sometimes they are burnt though , so make sure you check out your pizza before you leave !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer service from the little girl who worked when i went in this afternoon around 4:15 . she did n't make eye contact with me and she was rushing me and interrupted me while i was order to finish what i was saying . customer service should always count , even in a small joint .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best $ 8 deep dish pizza i have had in a while . food is hot and ready just as advertised and makes for a quick easy meal when your on the go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 5 for a large pepperoni . that 's cheaper than some frozen pizza . for the price , it 's not bad . sometimes i 'll call ahead and order a custom pizza . they always come out better . i guess because it will be right from the oven instead of the warmer . always check your pizza . one time they forgot to cut mine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hot and ready is a lie ! i was told up front that a supreme pizza would take 8-10 minutes . i said `` fine '' . 10 minutes later , i was told it would be another 5-8 minutes . i promptly cancelled my order and took my business elsewhere . the staff appeared to be uncoordinated and incompetent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "strange , as a kid for i remember that i did not like the pizza they have . so for the last , say 15 years i avoided them . well , for what ever reason i decide to get a pizza from them . and i was surprised . the pizza was good . i did not have their deep dish as , in general i do n't like thick crust , but what i did have was wonderfully good . and i will be eating more here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "( restaurant , not bar dancing ) maybe the only place in toronto for west african fare -- senegalese , though i 'm not schooled enough to know the difference . food was good , but not amazing . menu choices were limited . good selection of unusual fruit drinks . decor is nice , but the big tv is distracting . place was pretty empty on a thursday evening . relaxed service typical of african restaurant . a bit pricey , but not unreasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here 's how i justify my four-star rating : the sound system is good , better than many places in the kensington market area , what with the common problem of clubs limiting the low-end because neighbors live cheek-to-jowl . add to this the fact that the cover at this club is usually moderately low and nearby clubs often cost twice as much for the same beer and comparable musical selection . friendly staff and the intimate size of the space make this an enjoyable place to see a show with a group of friends . it 's around average space-wise . personally speaking , the rare-groove soul and funk selections regularly on offer make this place a stand-out . btw : i had no idea they had west african food , this can only be a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my experience at this location was awesome . the staff was a huge help and made me feel welcomed . the employee tatiana was such a kind and energetic worker ! it was my first time at brueggers and she took the time to help me pick and choose a sandwich that i would eventually come to love and enjoy . i will be sure to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bagels are good , service is slow as molasses . do n't come here if you are hungry , because you will get hangry quick . good bagels but not worth the pain a suffering you will experience waiting in line .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "safest place in cornelius you know the old joke about the donut shop being the safest place because that is where the police and fire always hand out ? in the case of cornelius , that is bruegger 's bagels . that said , it is a popular place and they do a great job or honoring those who serve their community so no problem with that . wish more places would do the same . in anycase , about once a month , i 'll stop by on the way to work in the morning and pick up a couple dozen bagles or mixed vareities and multiple cream cheese toppings . the employee 's love them and to be honest , so do i . they are always fresh and plentiful and the staff courteous and helpful . looking to reward employee 's or even yourself , not a bad stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service at this bruegger 's bagels is horrible , the last two times i was there my `` toasted '' cream cheese bagel was cold ! the customer service was the worse i ever experience at a food place . the co-workers were having personal conversations while preparing my food and were being highly unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a bad bagel but would like to see more options . everything seemed pretty fresh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is really good , service is good . couple of tables could have used some wiping down when i got there , would have received a 5 if they had been .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is disgustingly dirty . not just from customers but dirty ! area around cash register has dust that has been there for a long time . area to prepare coffee is nasty and needs a deep clean . guy working register is not a happy camper , acts like you are a bother to him . not coming back here . my advice is to skip this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got a bagel and peanut butter , the bagel was cold and chewy as a chewing gum . music too loud too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh , bruegger 's , you had me at `` hello , please try our cheese and jalape\u00f1o bagel with extra cream cheese . '' it 's portable nachos . this close to davidson you have to watch out for the frat-daddies in perfectly frayed baseball hats , rainbow sandals , ray-ban wayfarers , ralph lauren `` big pony '' polos , madras shorts , nautical-themed belts , and sunglass-tans . just kidding , i love your pickup truck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to brueggers for years and they have the worst customer service i have ever experienced . they are slow , unprofessional , and the place is dirty . tiles are falling off the wall and broken . here 's my suggestion , close down and let another bagel place open up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing has changed here . looks like management never did anything to effect change at our neighborhood bagel joint . employees arguing in front of customers and coffee condiment area is filthy ! we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have the worst customer service i 've ever experienced . the food was meh , usually slow unless you speak to them like they 're 5 . the facility is old and run down , and should probably just be closed and replaced by a more reputable bagel shop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a sundried tomato bagel and received something with rosemary instead . got too far down the road before i even noticed . manager was not the most friendly person on the planet but okay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well , this is a really nice bagel shop , as close as you can get if you are n't picking up bagels from the west side highway bagel factory in manhattan.but for some reason when i tried to get to the caribou coffee website for mooresville nc i got this web site . just be aware that carabou coffee is n't next door to bruegger 's , has n't been for years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is not a new york bagel shop . it is not a miami beach bagel shop . i have too little experience with bagel chains to compare this one with the others . but , lacking access to new york bagels or miami bagels , these are not bad . more important , i want to say , the shop always appears clean and the servers ( come to think of it i am not sure i have ever seen the same person there twice ) are always friendly and efficient . so , kudos to bruegger 's bagel bakery in cornelius .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "husband and i went to grab salmon lox bagels for breakfast . ordered , sat and ate . finished half and hub was ready to eat his other half then he noticed long piece of hair strand tangled in the cream cheese . he was chill , i told him to please take it back . the employee was good and asked if we wanted a new one or money back . hub likes the place so he took a replacement bagel lox . it was alright.. mines was fine lol .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the employees are very kind and sweet and efficient . the food is good.i have recently relocated here and i finally found a breakfast bagel place ! ! ! yay ! however ... ..you guys need to get on board with the rest of the stores and offer the perka app discounts or at least a regular customer card for frequent buyers . i wish i would have know six months ago so i would n't have to eat bojangle biscuits ! ! also i had ordered the egg and cheese sesame bagel twice and the toaster kept burning the bagel . the employee told me that it was a very old toaster and needs to be replaced . he had to push my bagel to the back in order for it not to burn . also perhaps a local mailbox flier would let more people know you are here and that your breakfast bagels are awesome . who knows ... .these few things could really boost your business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after shopping at the fresh market , i make a pit stop here to get a cup of coffee and use their free wi-fi while waiting for my friend to give me a ride . bought their sleeve of 6 bagels and it was good . like the cheese bagel and everything bagel there . nothing compares to bagels made in new york city . bruegger 's bagels is a nice eatery . they have a good selection of items to choose from .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just look at the string of 1 star or lower ratings of recent postings . i agree with all if them . this used to be my favorite coffee shop in town . our many international visitors used to love to go to brueggers when here in cornelius . now it is truly an embarrassment . i do not know hoe brueggers corporate could allow this to happen . hoping they can close-refurbish-retool the staff- and be a place worth visiting again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a good location given the large number of trips i tend to make each week to fresh market . when i go to fm on a wednesday , it 's a good day to stop at bruegger 's as well as they have a number of specials . the one i mainly take advantage of is the baker 's dozen for $ 6.99 . other than the good location for me personally , this place is generally well run with good , quick service . bruegger 's is n't a `` real '' nyc bagel but , considering the airfare i save by eating a bagel in lkn , they are good enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was named perfectly - it has merchandise from so many books movies shows including doctor who , star wars , harry potter , pusheen , star wars , etc . i came purely for the pusheen merchandise , since those are usually more difficult to find . this store is located on the 2nd floor , and i think this place is only accessible by a flight of stairs - so no escalators or elevators unfortunately . inside though , the space is n't that large , but there 's plenty to choose from , including jewelry , clothing , plushies , cups , bags , postcards , cuff links , stickers , note pads , etc . they receive new stock fairly frequently and usually have about 3-4 of each item in stock . the prices for pusheen merchandise was a bit steeper than i had expected , but since they are one of the few stores with pusheen merchandise , there are n't really other options easy accessible . the cashier was super helpful and friendly - offering to search for stock and give advice feedback on some items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great selection of `` geeky '' and `` otaku '' merchandise . you 'll find fandoms such as harry potter , doctor who , marvel , pokemon , sailor moon , dragon ball , attack on titan , star wars , and many , many more . you 'll find jewelry , keychains , purses bags , apparel , etc . that all cater to the geeks among us . the prices for most items are very reasonable , some are even cheaper than at bigger stores like hmv . i 'll definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store . theres so much merch that corresponds to whatever you love . books , video games , comics , etc ... it 's so perfect . if you love harry potter , doctor who , star wars , and the list goes on , you have to stop here and buy something . i was unable to leave without getting an adorable r2d2 necklace . if i had more money , i would 've bought so much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la boutique a du charme", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite place to nerd out thank god something like this exist in montreal ! i was tired to pay for shipping ! there is new stock all the time and they keep the display full of wonder ! if i could give more star i would", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kathy miller has a keen eye for fashion for everyone . she has been so helpful over the years . badu is my go to store for beautiful clothing and fun gifts for the home . it is as good as it gets and you do n't have to drive to fashion square and get frustrated with the cookie-cutter clothing and despair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my all time favorite place to shop for clothes and gifts . the owner has a great eye for what is current and a good value . we 're so lucky to have kathy in our neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous shop ! kathy has a great eye for fashion , accessories and home goods . you are guaranteed to find something you like for yourself or a friend . for me , it 's the only place to shop in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware . this service centre is as bad as a sleazy car mechanic . when the battery on my tissot quadrato died , i thought there was no better place to go than the canadian tissot repair centre . after a tech diagnosed the watch it was determined that the movement needed a full service and that `` the battery was changed and the watch still was not working . '' a lie , a scam . this would have been a $ 300 job had i not brought the watch to oyster time for a second opinion where i learned that a battery replacement was all i needed to get the watch going again . do not bring your watch here , ever . find a watchmaker in town that you know and trust and stick with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on previous visits to this location , i was pleased by the customer service , as they took a quick look at one of my swiss watches and provided some valuable information . more recently , there appears to be a move by swatch group and its related companies to consolidate their business and jack the prices by making parts and repair services simply unavailable except by paying nosebleed prices . they appear be adopting a monopolistic approach , in the same vein as certain us drug companies . i recently asked this service location to provide a quote on fixing a watch that had stopped and they came back with a price of nearly a thousand dollars ! the watch is only worth $ 500 to $ 600 ! does this make any sense ? since that time i took the watch to private watchsmith who fixed it for me in 5 minutes , at a fraction of the price quoted by these pirates . somebody please report these bandits to the federal competition bureau . they need it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! you are greeted by a receptionist who is very courteous and knowledgeable on the protocols on watch repairs . the watches i have taken in are both rado and ck . the technicians are amazing and skilled at what they do . when you walk in you can see right through a window at how hard and diligent the technicians are working . its much better than sitting in a place looking at bare walls for 20 minutes . they come out quickly to great you , assess your watch and tell you exactly how long it will take to fix it . swatch group really knows quality and how to care for there customers . from the secretary to the lab technicians on site , this place is first class in service . the only drawback is that they will only deal with watches that swatch group distributes , even if you just need a battery change for another brand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only official place in canada to get your omega repaired . it 's pretty much an office drop-off area open 9-4 tuesday through friday . they require a few days to work on the watch , and they let you know when you can pick it up on the spot . they do a great job with the repairs involving everything from mechanical to strap and aesthetic issues . -- -- -- - i 'm sure that includes other major swiss watch brands as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never received so many compliments on my hair since janet started cutting my hair ! she gives incredible cuts and works magical color in there too . i highly recommended lust beautworks . there is no shortage of inspiration at this new shop ( formerly glamdring beauty ) . love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first visit . janet was friendly , attentive , and willing to talk about hair as well as the crazy life things you talk about with stylists while they are doing their thing . a little more than i am used to paying , but worth it knowing that i wo n't walk out looking any less than awesome . i will be back to try some of the other aesthetician services lust beautyworks offers . i could really use some more beauty . yes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after talking to a few lady friends about adding some funky color to my hair , i was steered in the direction of lust . i had my first appointment with janet yesterday , and she is a treasure . not only was the color ( and cut ) absolutely perfect , but it is the first time ever that i did n't have to go home and wash out globs and globs of product that many beauticians feel is necessary to use in your style . so long as janet lust lives in madison , she will be my stylist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen janet for several years now . i 've always wanted hair that made a statement without having to spend a lot of time on it . when i first met janet , like with most stylists i 've visited , i was initially worried she 'd have very different expectations for me . over time , janet has certainly encouraged me to branch out a little bit , but the bottom line is that i always leave with a beautiful color and cut . i 'm often amazed at what janet can do with my super fine hair , and how easily i can style it while still feeling great . janet listens and genuinely cares about her clients , and that definitely comes through in her work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to hilary here for years because she 's the best . from giving me a super cute short cut , to helping me grow it out for years without getting bored she has always been super helpful and nice . i 've done a number of different colors and bleachings and my hair always feels healthy and cute when i leave . seriously go to her . she da bomb .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same thing happened to me as happened to yelper margaret above . i googled for hair cuts , and went to glamdring - same phone number as lust . so not sure what they need to do about that . anyway , same deal , had to call and verify address and then went down the road to the blount st. location . they offer you a pbr , coffee or tea . very cool place , and they seem to really know what they are doing hairwise . i highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cut above the rest ! before janet works her urban hair magic , she puts you into another world , , , far far away ! her shampoos and hair treatments make you forget about everything ! i have had many hairstylists in my life , but janet exceeds them all . besides giving an amazing cut and color , she truly cares about the condition of your hair and making it work with your needs and lifestyle . she waxes and shapes brows like no one else ! ! ! omg ! i also appreciate that she keeps her and her staff educated on new trends and products . i also really love all the artwork in and outside of the shop ! you ca n't miss those gorgeous red poppies ! janet you rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like modern styled furniture without the modern styled prices eurway is your best bet . its directly across the street from ikea in the emerald design center . the service is very friendly and most items are in stock . great modern style and decent quality . this sounds like a commercial , uhg !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we shopped around for living room furniture for months before a friend told me about eurway . everywhere i went i only found ugly-ass , boring sofas and uninspired living room sets , until that is , until eurway . we furnished our living room with a sleek and modern set ( which the animals are not allowed to go near ) and am happy to say that we paid that off last month ( 0 % interest financing ) and went back for more this weekend . a new bedroom set will be delivered beginning of october , yay . did i mention they also had a 20 % off sale . yay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this service . i had the flu and did n't feel up to going grocery shopping . i decided to give von 's delivery service a try and was so happy i did . i went on von 's web site , selected the products i wanted , paid with my credit card and set up a delivery time for the next day . the groceries arrived on time , delivered by a very friendly man who was nice enough to separate the eggs and frozen foods for me . it was so easy . i did n't have to find parking , wait in a check out line and load and unload my car of heavy grocery bags . i know i will be using this service a lot more in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great service and i have used it several times so i do n't have to lug my baby to the grocery store . there are many options to get free shipping on orders over $ 150 . i have never paid for delivery and i have gotten a 1 or 2 hour delivery window on all my orders . the pricing seems a bit higher than the advertised specials , but it is fair pricing overall . selection on non-vons brand items seems limited , and no deli meat counter options , but you can get about 95 percent of what you can get at a grocery store through the delivery service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a terrible experience with vons grocery delivery and would not recommend them . i ordered twice from them . the first time they left off about 9.00 worth of food . i decided since i got free delivery it was n't worth fighting over . realized we needed more food and ordered again . this time they left off nine things . still charged my card for them , but i did not receive them . i called customer service and the lady i talked to was beyond rude . she told me that they would not be redelivering because the items totaled around 23.00 and it is a 25.00 to get them redelivered . i asked to speak to her manager and she refused to allow me to speak to anyone else . she then would not make the order right . she told me that i would get a call back in an hour and that they `` might be able to do something . '' horrible experience twice . would never recommend this and will never use them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice grocery store with a lot of stuff , from what i saw the little bit more expensive than the other competitors but they do have variety of things that the other do n't have . very nice and clean overall", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used vons delivery service ( from store # 1970 , i believe ) to send some surprise groceries to my fiance 's bachelor party . there were some traffic issues on our end and eli , the von 's driver , went above and beyond to make the surprise happen . he ended up going back to the hotel after his shift of deliveries to make sure the guys got the groceries that night instead of the next day . eli is the best ! ! i also talked with customer service a few times in trying to figure it all out , and everyone i spoke with was extremely cordial , thoughtful , and genuinely helpful . thank you , vons delivery team and especially to eli ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is clean , ok service , with ok food . nothing fancy . be careful with the menu , can be a bit misleading e.g . suya is $ 3.99 per stick ( ridiculous ! ! ! ) , but only written in fine print , so you can miss it . i personally did not like the vegetable soup , but my sister did .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "saw a review for the restaurant in the review journal and wanted to try it . went at 4:30pm when the hours on the door said they should be open but they were n't . waited for a bit and was told they would n't be open again until 630p . wo n't waste my time coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's pretty good i really enjoyed the egusi and the jellof rice was n't bad at all . if you 're craving for naija food on a vegas turn up check it out they even have places to sit if you want to eat there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really good if you have a craving for some authentic nigerian food . i had their rice and stew , jollof , egusi , and vegetable soup . my only complaint is - the pounded yam was n't mixed properly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this place for a inexpensive oil change . had a coupon . after oil change . an employee wanted to go over issues with my car . recommended services totaling $ 680.00 after deciding to go to my mechanic . discovered i needed less than 50 % of these services . the oil change was a good deal . beware of extra work . i doubt if i would return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to be a regular here but it came under new ownership a couple of years ago . the new staff insisted i did n't qualify for the cheap oil change . i relented and paid more . it kept getting more expensive every visit so i stopped going a year ago . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ginette et claude du caf\u00e9 bistro \u00f4 ciel accueillent tous leurs clients avec le sourire . on y mange bien : des sandwichs paninis originaux , des soupes et des salades . ici tout est fait maison et \u00e7a se go\u00fbte dans l'assiette , car tout est d\u00e9licieux . pour se sucrer le bec , rien ne vaut le sucre \u00e0 la cr\u00e8me ou le brownie maison . on y vient pour la qualit\u00e9 des produits , mais surtout pour l'accueil . le bistro \u00f4 ciel , un incontournable et le meilleur plan si vous passez dans le coin de lachine sur l'heure du midi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been for coffe during the day but will go for dinner based on my day experiences . great cappuccino and muffins . i 'm a mom with young kids and i love the play area . the play area gives me hope that i can have a nice meal put with my kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the porch light is my favourite coffee shop in the east end ! they have amazing coffee beans which makes fantastic cappuccinos , a great baked goods menu , and is a fantastic place to drink some wine and share a meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coffee in the east end without a doubt . ambiance is great and i look forward to checking out their new dinner menu asap ! ! this place is exactly what the upper beaches needs -- keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to see the porch light serving dinner now ! great flavours and loved the portions . we will be back ! try this little gem . it 's a great spot the food and deserts we 're great . being freshly open i am confident the wine list will grow , but that 's me a wine snob ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were looking for a new dinner spot on the east end and came across this place . it was a tuesday night and it was mostly a local crowd . great cozy , neighbourhood feel to the place ! between the 4 of us we shared 2 starters and 4 entrees . loved the mussels - perfectly cooked and we made sure we sopped up every last bit of the sauce . pork chops were juicy and mushroom risotto was cooked just right . nothing to fault except that they did n't have a printed wine or cocktail menu yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is pretty good , but the service is slow and the prices are high . it 's not advertised as fair trade or organic , so i 'm not sure what 's driving up the cost . there are plenty of tables to park your buttocks and connect to some free wifi . there is also a play area in the back for young children , which was a pleasant surprise . it 's basically catering to rich beach moms and their young nannies . i 'd like to see them use fair trade organic and offer some decent food , which is not yet the case .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i met a few friends on a saturday night for a lovely meal here . i had the grilled vegetables with mozzarella for the starter , which were plentiful , healthy , nicely presented and also very tasty . for the main i progressed on to the monkfish in a bean broth , which was excellent . the fish was perfectly cooked and the beans were flavourful and not too heavy . the red wine that was recommended was really excellent , and i had a good white wine with my main . i ended the meal with a rich chocolate mousse . it was more of a chocolate pot than a mousse , but it was lovely . it was also very kind that the servers brought us cute mini bottles of amaretto for an excellent finish to the meal . the food is excellent and the servers are extremely friendly and helpful . it is a lovely , family type of restaurant with homely decorations . it 's not cheap but it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here last night with a big group and i think that may be the best way ! everything was served 'italian family style ' with lots of different dishes that you pass up and down the table serving yourself . we had two gluten free diners and i think there was only one or two dishes they could n't eat , so that was a great bonus . starters were plentiful , highlight was the cheese with honey & the octopus and pomegranate salad . pasta came next , then mains ... and when no one thought they could eat anymore , dessert arrived ! ! there was n't much protest and plates were quite quickly cleaned . service is always a bit difficult at a large long table but we were n't often left for wanting anything . apart from it being across town from me , i 'd visit quite often i think !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "locanda de gusti was without a doubt one of the best italian meals i have ever had - and i live in new york city ! we stumbled upon this place while exploring the main street , and had the best time . you can tell as soon as you walk in that everyone loves their job and takes pride in their food . this is the kind of place that will make you something that 's not on the menu , so long as they have the ingredients . we were told we could wait for a table ( at around 8:30pm on a monday ? ) because it was full - and there is no question as to why . the food is unbelievable , and the wine is delicious , too . order the chilled octopus . just trust me - do it . so good . the bread with olive oil might spoil your dinner , but it is well worth it . all seafood options are great choices , and the pastas are fresh and delicious . i ca n't say enough positive things about this place . go and try it for yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9e and i were in edinburgh for 36 hours and eager to find some great neighborhood spots when we were n't seeing the sights . locanda de gusti was exactly what we were looking for ! an amazing local gem . we read the reviews on yelp and trip advisor but boy did they undersell . this quiet spot is a must for the unaware residents of edinburgh or for tourists looking for a delicious meal outside of the tourist zones . i started off with the panzarotti - a delicious serving of two potato croquettes . for entrees , i throughly enjoyed the guanciale with handmade rough-cut pasta . mmmmm . my fiancee ate the orecchiette and raved about it the entire way home . the local flavor of naples definitely shone through all the way to this great spot in edinburgh . the waitstaff , local personas from italy , definitely helped provide an ambiance that felt as though we had been transported back to italy . if you are in edinburgh , i highly recommend you go here . it 's worth the adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous experience all the way ! took group of 9 people and chef brought out his own choices . a huge hit with all ages . chef and staff were incredible ! felt just like being in italy and all food was truly italian at its best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful wonderful wonderful ! ! wow ! insane positive energy and simply delightful food ( huge portions as well ) . it 's like being transported to a small shop in a small town in italy . not kidding ! from the moment you walk in , it is clear everyone there is family , love their jobs , and experience happiness nonstop from happy customers having very good food . do not miss this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was such a nice surprise to find this restaurant in edinburgh . the service and meal were exceptional ! i do recommend making a reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very upset with the police force , they pulled me over without probable cause i got arrested had to go to court charges dropped but still had to deal with bailbonds and the fact that i spent 10 hours in jail on some bs makes me very mad . i would not recommend using there services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clearly you have an excellent training program for your officers . that explains how they are able to detain innocent citizens and have your dog attack an infant . you are pathetic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in to report stolen property . according to henderson police department website , the report had to be done in person verse online , due the item that was stolen . when i inform the woman at the counter why i was there , she stated , `` you do n't know who stole it ? '' seriously , was that a trick question .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "henderson police department sucks ! went there 2 weeks ago to report a lost drivers license and the fat police officer who was on duty that day told me they dont do police reports for a lost license . i needed that as my embassy needs to file the report and yet they refused to give me a report . also when i was gon na make a grievance claim against one of their officers who told me to drive without a license , he was adamant and didnt want to give me the form . dont waste your time complaining with them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so very nice and helpful . explained the process what i could expect and generally made a sucky situation not as bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a minor car accident today and i just want to say how kind the officers where . i 've never been in an accident before so i was scared , crying and really shaken up . the officers where friendly and understanding . they help make a horrible experience as easy and painless as possible . yes , i did get a ( bogus ) ticket , and so did the other driver , but they where nice about it . there where a few different officers on scene , all where extremely warm and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to the henderson pd this morning to ask a question that i was not sure they could answer . they listened attentively , provided the best advice they could , wished me luck on finding what i needed . i found them to be very friendly . courteous , attentive , kind & professional . huge salute to our henderson pd ! ! ! ! thank you ! karen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't normally review corner markets , but i have to here . they have build your own 6 packs of craft beer for 8.99 ! they also have their own growlers of rotating craft beer which you can refill and buy the growler bottle there . great selection of cigars and cigar boxes as well . love the back corner which has some nice to tobacco pipes . every ting is iry ! : ) if you need some good beer go to cactus and the dude behind the corner is awesome ! such a great guy who is super nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands-down , this is my favorite place to fill my growler ! they have great craft beer options that they rotate consistently , and they will even take your requests if you have one . the guys who work here are awesome , and always bring a smile to my face . as of this date , you get $ 2 off when you fill your growler on mondays or tuesdays ! also , as other people have mentioned , you can build your own 6-pack for $ 8.99 and they have a great selection of beers . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best beer selection in town and ray the owner is extremely knowledgeable and always ready with great recommendations . support local businesses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i used to live across the street from this place . there 's a circle k right by us too , but we would always go here . the owner is so friendly and remembers us every time . super awesome beer selection and a build your own 6-pack for super cheap . good prices , friendly staff and super convenient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you would never know it unless someone told you , so i 'm going to . you can get growlers of a lot of good , local beer in here . they have papago 's orange blossom , a lot of the four peaks beers , etc . they are different every week i think so there 's a good variety . cheap , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i moved to az from philly and did n't think there would be a very strong beer scene here . the cactus mart proved me wrong . ray , the owner is very knowledgeable about beer , breweries , styles , etc . he always has something new to recommend based on what he remembers me buying in the past . this place has build your own six packs of great beers for $ 8.99 , a great bomber selection , the best six pack selection in scottsdale ( including total wine bevmo , etc . ) , a stellar cigar selection , and a fantastic vibe . i stop here on my way home from work a couple times a week and would highly recommend it to any craft beer lover .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "live nearby so i come in every other week for beer or snacks . owner is real friendly . cool to be able to fill a growler with decent beer at a convenience store . also an impressive cigar selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is coming from someone with a lebanese background , this is hands down one of my favourite lebanese restaurants ( outside of lebanon lol ) ! a bit pricey but definitely worth it ! staff are super nice , food is super amazing ! i highly recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible - it 's a lebonese restaurant so you can also get traditional lebanese food there - which is also exceptional - but the place is known for the fish . they have a market attached with a huge selection of fresh fish . i had the swordfish and my wife had the machawa - both meals were out of this world ! i would eat there every night if i could - the fatoush was amazing but again every dish was authentic and incredible - as for pricing , it was a real bargin considering the quality of food and service . my wife ( who is lebonese ) said it was amazing and exactly as it should be - authentic and superior - a very special place ! worth the drive if you 're in downtown - and do n't let the neighborhood throw you -this place truly is five stars ! we wo n't be able to stop raving about this place for a long time - incredilble ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing levantine lebanese cuisine , a clear cut above the plethora of shish taouk places in montreal . la sirene specializes in fish , fresh catch is brought in everyday , but their sujok ( sausage ) is quality ... probably the best i 've had outside the middle east . for the meat lover , i 'd recommend the mixed grill . the restaurant is on the expensive side but portions are hearty and the mezza is to die for . for those who would like an authentic levantine meal arak is on hand , definitely a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you would think you have died and gone to lebanese seafood heaven ; excellent selection of some of the yummiest lebanese food , great service and environment for a gathering .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was on a search to find someone who can thread my eyebrows around my area . i was always going to eyebrows r us close to the rainbow and 215 area and that was just too far . so i found mickey on a google search and it was perfect because she 's located inside the beauty center store on charleston and town center next to albertson 's . i called her and asked if i could come in to get my eyebrows threaded and when i got there , she took me in right away to her station and got it done ! mickey is really good and quick . you know you 're going to someone good when they do n't need tweezers to pluck the hairs that they missed ! and she shapes them perfectly ! i 'm not sure if you need an appointment or not but i always just call ahead of time to make sure she 's available . i wo n't go to anyone else to do my threading . eyebrows and upper lip costs $ 13 for both , which is cheaper than the other places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mickey is an awesome threader ! ! ! if you are looking for someone who will listen to what you want and how you would like to get it done then you should see mickey . she does great eyebrows ! she will totally calm you down if it is your first time and you are nervous . love her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mickey is a licensed esthetician with 4+ years of experience doing eyebrow threading . other services include full facial threading , waxing and henna .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a terrible experience here . should 've known it would be bad by the lack of cars in the parking lot . the appetizer came out and was absolutely delicious . then everything went downhill from there . my chicken tenders were soaked in mashed potatoes and gravy . they did n't even try to separate it on the plate . my soup had no flavor and tasted like they watered it down to avoid making more the proper way . on top of that , the waitress was super ditzy . she took another guests plate of food away before he was even done eating . when she asked how everything was , we replied `` ehh it 's alright '' with disgusted looks . she replies with `` okay great ! '' and walked away . the manager hid in the back booth and did n't seem very friendly . next time , i 'll be sure to go to the other dennys right around the corner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "screwed up our order . waitress admitted that it was her fault but did nothing to fix the mistake . very disappointed in the service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant . weare here most every sunday . they have free wi-fi , & our food is always done just right . one big stupid decisions by management ; they 've replaced the paper towels in the bathroom with the thinnest paper towels i 've ever seen come out of a machine . you have to use five or six just to get your hands close to dry . will be using 10 in the winter when you really do n't want damp hands . the only other complaint that i ever have is that of one that i could make of nearly every restaurant . the coffee is too strong ! and bitter ! please offer your customers a more mild coffee . we would really appreciate it and that would actually be cheaper for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to eat my eggs with a steak knife because i did n't have silverware . it worked better than i thought but i mean , it was n't ideal . l o l at this `` restaurant '' .. like now ... i 'm mad well it was terrible service but hey between the dirty tables , forever long drink order , lack of silverware i 'm just happy i actually got food after an hour . nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope never never never never never never never again again again again again again again whyyy was the waitresses titty out ? she walked around frowning at us all ... with her tits out free and proud . just terrible , everything took absolutely forever and we 're still on work time here ... .how hard is it to get silver ware and a couple waters . currently waiting for the check ... who knows when that 'll be . do not come here be waery evil spirits a lurkin . this was reviewed by 6 different people . peace out dennys", "score": "1"}
{"review": "helpful woman at front desk named tereza . she is 5 stars . room was ok no bar soap and needs new rugs . good location for the restaurants along the river . try the indian restaurant across the street ! yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "corblimey , wonderful hotel ! ! ! very close to the seaside , great staff , great service ! even only a 5min-walk away is big asda to do shopping . takes about 20min by bus to the central edinburgh . oceandrive is a splendid area to spend holies ! have been there with me mum this june for a week . luv 'd it ! will be back there next year for a week : - ) my advice : if you wan na spend great holies - go there ! breakfast and wifi included . breakfast is a must have over there : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le charme discret de l'\u00e9dimbourgeoisie l'express by holiday inn waterfront est un bon choix . le confort tr\u00e8s raisonnable \u00e0 ce niveau de gamme et le prix accessible au regard des standards britanniques en font un bon compromis , l'\u00e9loignement du centre-ville \u00e9tant rattrap\u00e9 par la modernit\u00e9 de l'h\u00f4tel et sa qualit\u00e9 . la desserte efficace en bus et la proximit\u00e9 d'une attraction touristique , le yacht royal britannia , rendent cet excentrement tr\u00e8s supportable , et le bilan global de cet h\u00f4tel est globalement positif , un \u00e9tablissement fonctionnel et pas trop cher .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a fine hotel . rooms were clean , staff was friendly and accommodating and helped us to navigate the local area . breakfast was included with our room and there was always someone available to answer a question if needed . however , it was a 30 minute bus ride to the city center , which was inconvenient for travelers like us who have a jam-packed schedule and looking to maximize our time . we were n't keen on having to take a bus every morning to get to the royal mile city center . however , if you 're looking to see the queen 's britannia , that 's walking distance from this hotel , which was nice . overall , the accommodations were inviting and adequate , we just wished we 'd know how far this place was before we approved it in our booking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the holiday inn express is perfectly located for the ocean terminal shopping centre however it 's a \u00a38 taxi into the city centre . there is a bus stop outside and that 's much better value at just \u00a31.20 . the hotel is clean but that 's pretty much all the positives . there is a small bar but nowhere to eat and no restaurant . the lounge is quite stale and without atmosphere . the service is friendly but the facilities are lacking luckily there are lots of bars and restaurants nearby . my room was ok the tv was small but ok for a night or two . the shower was n't very hot and the room was cold and when the heater is on it blows over the bed and is noisy . the hotel is ok but only if on a budget and not for too many nights ,", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let 's be brief- it 's a holiday inn express . if you 've stayed at one , you 've stayed at them all ! what makes this one stand out a little is it 's location in leith . on the waterfront near the ocean shop and cinema complex . next door to a cracking indian restuarant ( britannia spice ) and within walking distance of many others . apart from that do n't expect much more than the standard two pillows a bed and the normal h inn express bizarre bathroom loo door combo !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you get what you expect its a holiday inn express hotel the price is fair the rooms are clean the location is a bit away from the centre of edinburgh , but the busstop is directly in front of the hotel so you can easily reach the old town . the very friendly staff is a definite plus of the hotel . my personal result : okay for a one-night-stay , but if i want to stay in edinburgh for longer i would choose another and less buisness-like hotel !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is literally tucked away in a basement . when you want a good sandwich , made the way you want it and not want to spend 15 $ for it . you need to come here ! the bread is crusty on the outside chewy goodness on the inside . the meats are fresh , and if you feel like having a little pad thai salad or spring rolls on the side , they have that too ! everything here is good , and the prices are amazingly reasonable , you can leave with a ham and brie sandwich , a soup , and salad for 10 $ . please if you work in this area , look for this place and try it out ! you wo n't regret it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c'est bon , frais , pas cher et les employ\u00e9s sont toujours sympa . mention sp\u00e9ciale \u00e0 la salade sashimi & avocats , la salade boeuf , oignons et vermicelles et au sushi roll . pour un lunch rapide c'est la place dans le vieux", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is interesting , and i like it ! basically you can get some general chinese food , wonton soup and an egg roll ... or you can get a nice sandwich , with your choice of lunch meat ranging from turkey to pate to smoked salmon . to accompany your sandwich you can add a salad , and you can even mix two salads . the clafouti just sales a little bit of everything ... even hard boiled eggs ! you can walk out with a sandwich , a medium salad and a drink for less than $ 10 . the food is good , quick and convenient . i think they make their salads daily . highly recommend for those looking for a quick take out lunch around square victoria .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i work right across this tiny little sandwich shop . it 's pretty much my go-to place for lunch . they have freshly-made sandwiches , large selection of salads and a few asian fares like spring rolls , noodles ( it 's owned by a cambodian family i believe ) . no fuss , delicious and cheap ! if you can not find the place , just look for the line of people waiting in line . do n't let that deter you , service is quick and efficient !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "locals love this place because it has fast service , cheap and pretty solid and healthy options . you come here just to pick up food , there is really not a place for sitting . most customers work around the area and come here for lunch during their break . their prices are so cheap that is hard to believe for the area . my favourite : the sushi roll ... sandwiches are fine especially when you pay 3.5 . salad bar is pretty good too . definitely best place for a quick lunch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the is not a complaint about anyone at this office , but liberty mutual in general , i received a letter from my work saying that we now get discounted auto insurance threw liberty . i decided to get a quote from and maybe switch from geico because i was n't happy with the fact that geico increase my rate $ 40 a month just because i moved to a different city in az . please keep in mind that i 'm 47yrs old , and wife is 43 , we have never had any accidents or tickets so i was completely blown away with the rediculous price i was quoted threw them , i currently pay $ 166 with geico , but liberty mutual wants me to 1127.71 a month , come on get real people , no one in there right mind would pay that crap . so i know that liberty do n't care , but i have informed the company i work for apex systems of this so called bs discount , and we see what becomes of it . liberty mutual will never have my business after this quote .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been battling liberty mutual over a $ 73 charge they sent to a collection agency for a renter 's policy on an apartment i had vacated and no longer had a lease on more than 6 months earlier . liberty mutual not only did not process my request to have the insurance cancelled , they automatically renewed the insurance and then billed me for it ! without any warning , they forwarded the `bill ' to a collection agency ! despite sending reams of documents to liberty mutual demonstrating that i had not lived in that state for more than 6 months prior to the insurance they renewed for me with no request on my behalf , they keep asking for more paperwork . liberty mutual 's tactics are both predatory and bad business . i will never , ever buy any sort of policy from them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company is mostly very good . they have decent pricing for insurance on investment properties . in eight years with them for up to nine properties , i have only had one claim , and they handled very quickly , no hesitation . my main complaint with them is that their bills do n't say which property it is for . so if you only have one property , no problem . but if you have several properties , you have to dig up and look up the policy number in all the paperwork and see what property it is for . i have contacted them several times over the years , and they agree it can be improved , but they have n't done it yet . maybe this review will push them to do it , finally . but overall , i 'm happy with them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in 2016 i contacted liberty mutual insurance for a rate quote . they were very quick to offer a great rate for my needs . in 2017 my rates went up almost 30 % across the board . the old bait and switch and i fell for it . please beware of this ! it was not this paticular agent but the company as a whole may be deceitful . if it is too good to be true than it probably is ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst insurance company ever . high prices , bad communication , and just do n't care . stay away ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't ever use liberty mutual insurance . they screwed my over royally and than would not return my calls to resolve the mess they created . i have been trying to contact them for 5 months ! ! no one ever ever calls back . i tried to speak to two different agents , than tried two different superviors and still no call back what ! ! ! i would advise everyone to stay away from this insurance company . i would give them no stars if i was able to", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never had i ever had such a bad experience reporting a claim and going through claim process . for some reason my claim got flagged for fraud and that agent was very rude and asked me to provide alot of private information text messages phone records time cards for work . this is absolutely ridiculous ! never had i ever had to jump through so many hoops ! all i did was rear-end someone and wanted to get my bumper fix ! this is not customer service i would expect from my own insurance company ! you guys assume im a crook and trying to get over on you for a $ 1500 bumper replacement ! omg ! so now you guys want to give me my car back in pieces and cant get anyone to put the car back together . this is absolutely crazy ! i am cancelling my policy with liberty mutual and sharing this experience on review boards so prospective customer will know how they will get treated if and when they need to file a claim !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know why but every time i come here i feel depressed . the people that come here are shady unemployed and smell bad . they have a few computers only and the security guy is always checking up to see what you are doing . not many books and , not many computers . its better to bring your own laptop and enjoy the free wifi . if you have an ipad or laptop and need wifi go to a starbucks instead no joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my mom 's library . i wish they had more moolah in the system for a larger selection of large print at this location but you can order from the downtown when you run out of books to read in the large print . they have quite a few computers & dvds for rental . the staff is super helpful & patient which i do n't remember too much of as a kiddo . so that is really cool . they are closed sunday & monday but they have a drop off 24 7 . i remember living at the downtown library on the weekends when i was kiddo so that was kinda sad to see but lets face it we 're living in diff times & books are all digital now . my mom is gon na go down reading books with actual pages till she ca n't see & then i 'm sure i 'll be doing the reading to her . she loves reading god bless her .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the library is small , so books are really a hit and miss , there . most people are on computers , which is fine . i just really miss the libraries where people go in to read books instead of check their e-mail . oh well . there 's no real quiet areas and seating is limited , so plan on sitting at a table of 4 with another person . also the librarian 's version of showing me around was pointing to the areas . she would n't get up and walk me through there . hours are not always until 7 so if you work 9-5 , plan on going there only 3 days of the week , or the weekend . sunday and monday it 's closed as well . i can understand sunday , but monday ? really ? overall , i 'm happy to pick up a book from there , if they have it , but i would n't see myself staying in there for a study session , which is what i 'd hoped .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a small library with adult seating capacity limited to five four-person tables ( all with embedded plug ins ) , three desks , and about 20 publicly available computers . the computers are generally in high demand and are rentable by the hour with a library card id . the book selection is limited , with much bilingual - serving the local hispanic population . if you ca n't get work done in the house , like myself , this is a good office away from home - just know you 'll be sharing a table with somebody .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not all walgreen 's are alike , some really seem to go out of their way to make you feel noticed and help you more than others . this store does just that , i appreciate that and it 's why i come back time to time . plus they always have my bicycle playing cards at a great price ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always been treated right at this walgreens , but if it was 24 hour , i would like it a lot better . this is still our go to pharmacy mainly because of the decent service and proximity to my house . the pharmacist is helpful , and all of the cashiers are nice too . unfortunately for me and my candy addiction , they have a great selection of candy at good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't expect much from a drugstore . the staff there is pretty nice but the pharmacy manager is just an embarrassing mess . he regularly , and loudly , announces what medication you are picking up for others to hear . he 's also fond of giving you a consult where he talks down to you like you 're an ignorant child . the rest of the pharmacy staff is nice , just avoid the pharmacy manager if you can .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is our neighborhood store and we love it . convenient , affordable , and always helped by friendly staff members . great store brands under the `` nice ! '' label , so there is never a need to break the bank when shopping here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walgreens seems to race to the bottom statewide . the pharmacy does not stock common medications and even when something is available and directly in your line of sight , pharmacy staff will not fulfill it quickly -- citing the need to fulfill prescriptions in order . my family has dropped off prescriptions only to wait for hours and only after we approach the counter or call do they let us know the prescription will be fulfilled the next day . steer clear .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dim su souvent et c'est excellent ce soir nous avons soupers , un samedi soir . service excellent . plats g\u00e9n\u00e9reux et tr\u00e8s bon . general tsao go\u00fbteux . woonton noodles parfait . brocoli xhinois et boeuf wow ! house fried rice top niveau . le half peki duck viends en deux service . surprenant car nous avions mang\u00e9 la peau croustillante avec les cr\u00eapes quand le deuxi\u00e8me service est arriv\u00e9 avec la partie viande du canard ... qui \u00e9tait tendre comme je ne l avais jamais eu avant ... merci kam fung .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst dim sum i have ever had in my life . stay away ! one of my fellow yelpers mentioned that she sat outside the restaurant to cry after the meal because it was so bad ; it was no exaggerated . some of the meat items did not taste like they originated from animals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hmm , i really have mixed feelings about this place . on one hand , the food is exceptional , huge portions , fair pricing , and the environment is really neat . the service is prompt and they refill the teapot fairly often . on the other hand , the chariots rarely pass in front of my table whenever i 'm seated near the entrance , especially the ones with the congee and the chow mein , two of my favorite dim sum dishes . they arrive when i 'm already stuffed with other goodness , and then i order them nonetheless and eat until i have stomachache . please , ask to be seated near the windows or deeper in the dining room , you 'll get more varieties of food in less time . also , if you come in during the weekends , make sure to arrive before 11am , or endure the long , torturous wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the most popular dim sum restaurants in brossard area of montreal . hug seating area but still gets extremely busy during weekends . dim sum prices ranges from 3-5 dollars per plate so it is reasonable but you can get better deals else where ! i found the dim sum dishes hit or miss depending what you choose ! you can not go wrong with the classic selection of shrimp dumpling hai gou and pork dumpling siu mai . my favourite here is the beef tendon and sticky rice . i advise you to come between 10-11 during weekends or you would have to wait for a while to get a seat !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an excellent dining experience.. my boyfriend and i first found this treasure during christmas week of 2015..there was n't much opened..my boyfriend was already a big fan of decent chinese fare.. this restaurant far exceeds that rating . we dined there several more times that week . so to celebrate my birthday we went back and tasted several different dishes ..they served a large pot of delicious tea with our evening meal.. they have a very extensive menu ... in english , french and chinese.. they also have a fine wine list available ..our selections this time was the pork dumplings , a birds nest seafood salad and a pork dish , ,sliced slender and served with a spicy and crunchy onions and peppers..also small dish of rice to complement the pork dish . mmmmm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably one of the best chinese restaurants with traditional chinese foods in montreal area . if you have a celebration and want to have family style chinese and you want a decent meal then this is a good choice besides the kam fung in chinatown and ruby rouge . if you are serious then the papa resto in brossard and heung ma ma is a better choice . we got the family style with six dishes . the chicken was alright but the beef and the eggplant hot pot was quite salty . the lobster was good . the steamed fish was a bit fishy taste so not sure how fresh it is . the vegetables were the best . the rice was taken from two bowls apparently and part of it was really soft like congee . when we asked for it to be changed , the waitress came out with another bowl sitting on too of ours ! ; ( the dessert was the red bean soup which was fine . they allowed us to bring our cake in and that was nice . overall a fun experience with the servers singing with us !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food with so-so service ; unless you are with asians . horrible to say but it is the unfortunate truth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll be more of a early person if i could eat here everyday ! their dim sum taste like no other place and it 's simply amazing . you should go there around 10am on busy days ( on weekend especially ) since there 's always a big line up during lunch time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow quelle belle d\u00e9couvertes . si vous desirez gouter la cuisine chinoise traditionnelle et non le genre americain c est l endroit par excellence . les portions sont g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses et tout est sublimement delicieux .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "l'endroit est id\u00e9al si vous invitez 500 personnes au mariage de votre fille qui marie un chinois . mais \u00e0 part \u00e7a , il n'y a pas grand int\u00e9r\u00eat dans ce vaste , tr\u00e8s vaste restaurant o\u00f9 l'on y sert une cuisine bien ordinaire et quasi industrielle tellement il y a du monde , beaucoup de monde . je passe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty darn good . had me a soup and some dumplings for a late dinner , not to mention some cheap wine . service is a bit frantic here , as this is a very large restaurant with wait staff milling about like the ghosts in pac-man . sometimes it was hard to flag someone down , but perhaps only because it was getting late , and they were more focused on cleaning up than serving food . just -1 star for one thing . i had the wonton soup , and the peanut butter dumplings . the two dishes have the exact same dumplings in them ! a shimp-filled gyoza type . now do n't get me wrong , these were very good dumplings , but having two iterations of pretty much the same thing was a little disappointing ... the waiter could have told me what i was getting into . still , a very good and filling meal , and not too expensive . considering i 'm a chinese food snob , that should speak volumes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great varieties , fresh , not too greasy , i was able to eat almost everything gluten free , what a treat , the ambiance is amazing restaurant was full full full with huge line up , go brossard ! coming from plateau it is a real culture shock : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i visit montreal , my family always ends up here for lunch first . since it always happens on the weekends , there would be a massive wait time to be seated . when we arrived , we quickly went into the restaurant to get a number and i say it took about 30 minutes until we were seated . after we were seated , we looked around for the usual dim-sums : ha-gao , egg tart , congee , noodles and fried crab claw . in less than 3 minutes we mostly had everything we wanted . then , we ate ! the waiters and waitress are all mostly friendly except for a few who had a sour face on ... we got in and out of there quickly because we wanted to spend the rest in montreal but this place is a good dim sum place for anyone and anybody who has never tried dim sum before and want the basics . would come back again ! but at earlier times to get seated quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good dim sum , but pricey even with the favorable us $ to canadian $ exchange rate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is decent compare to others however service is non-existent after the welcome rush .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely the best dimsum in the montreal area and no resto comes close . definitely try out the regular shrimp and pork dumplings , shrimp and beef rice rolls ( cheun fun ) , fried shrimp dumplings , deep fried seaweed seafood rolls . if you are on the adventurous side definitely try out the braised chicken feet , honey comb beef tripe , or braised tendons . this place loses one star due to their service , dim sum ladies have a bad attitude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dim sum assez authentique parmi ceux \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . grande vari\u00e9t\u00e9 de choix avec service amical . sauf que plusieurs de leur serveurs ne parlaient pas fran\u00e7ais . j'ai vraiment aim\u00e9 comment ils ont gard\u00e9 la veille tradition de dim sum c'est \u00e0 dire encore des madame qui font la tour des tables avec les chariot . c'est quelques \u00e0 faire pour vivre une exp\u00e9rience typique . le prix est correct , mais \u00e0 chaque que j'y vais ils rapetissent la grosseur du plat ou la quantit\u00e9 de nourriture .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , delicious food ! i would dare say this was better than our usual experience in chinatown downtown . food was very fresh , tasty , hot . the staff were friendly ( which is a change from other dimsum spots in the area ) . all in all , a very pleasant experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was definitely good food . but the price was really off putting . rather expensive compared to other dim sum places i have been too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dim sum place , the food is awesome . this restaurant is very popular . it can sit a lot of people and it 's always packed on weekends . this in itself says it all . never tried something i did n't like . my favorites are sumai , chicken feet and fried calamari .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome dim sum . always packed . during the week i 've been here worth people from work . it 's worth the drive across the bridge besides , it 's quick and super easy . food is fresh ! this is pretty much the only place i 'll eat squid that 's not fried like calamari , it 's super fresh and tender almost melts in your mouth . been here on sundays too but you have to get here early otherwise there 's a lineup to get in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best in montreal . recently relocated from west coast . this certainly is better than current number 1 rated in china town . only missing some key items traditional items , shantow lo mei fan , fu pa goon etc . i suggest they get a cart to fry some dished directly at table like lo bo gao , yu to gao etc . try it you will like it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was ok- trying to get service for drinks was the longest . extremely warm in restaurant", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.65 rating . was okay , they mainly have carts , very spacious and big . the fried calamari looked good but did n't taste as good bc it had been sitting out too long..yak . that ruined my appetite so do not get it unless it 's fresh . other than that , i did enjoy the other things like the egg tart , shrimp dim sum , and cheong ( shrimp rice wrap ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beware ! 3 dead fish in the aquarium behind our table . very unhygienic . do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was absolutely packed at even 1pm , which is when we got to the restaurant . when we finished around 2pm , there was still a very long line to get in . i was kind of confused at the sight because the food honestly was n't that great . the biggest issue was the food was n't hot enough or their heat was n't turned up high enough because it turned room temperature very quickly . aside from that , the dim sum was pretty standard although i 've been pretty spoiled by gta dim sum i guess . also , they have way too few waiters for the number of tables in the restaurant and there were long waits for everything ( bills , water , attention ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best dim sum place and chinese food restaurant in montreal nearby . generous portions , affordable price , usually friendly staff and the food is great . go for the seaweed fried rolls , the fried squid , the shrimp fried dumplings , the rice with pork spareribs and the general tao if you are there for lunch . for supper try their salt and pepper ( insert your choice of pork , shrimp or seafood ) , ginger beef , fried shrimps and chicken mayonnaise ( ask for mayonnaise on the side ) . meilleur restaurant de dim sum resto chinois a mtl et aux environ . les portions sont hyper g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses , les prix sont ridiculement bas , le personnel est g\u00e9n\u00e9rallement tr\u00e8s courtois ( la plupart parlent en fran\u00e7ais en plus de l'anglais ) . la nourriture est succulente . j'y suis accro depuis ma premi\u00e8re visite et ma famille fait souvent le d\u00e9placement de quebec pour manger \u00e0 cet endroit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , i thought this place was a buffet style , it 's not , and you don`t go there for the decor . its a huge open hall with over 100 round tables and 2 huge golden dragons in the background . you go there for the amount of food that is placed on your table . we had our 2 kids ( 12 and 14 ) and we ordered 2 menu to share for 2 , it was menu a and the peking duck dinner for 2 . i can tell you that we had way too many plates on the table . it comes with dessert , not sure what it was , since they never served it . oh we did get 4 chinese cookies . we took home a huge doggy bag . the food was good and tasty . yap , i 'll go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered take out from this place before and have eaten there many times . a little pricey for chinese food but the flavors are good . you ca n't really find authentic chinese food here in the south shore so we have no choice . the last time we ever went back was when we found a huge rubber band in our won ton soup container after someone mentioned the soup had a weird taste . i 'm not talking about a small rubber band used to hold veggies or what a girl uses to tie her hair . i 'm talking about a big thick red one you would see around lobster claws . how the hell it ended up in our soup and no one saw it , i will never know .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am used to order dim sum dishes through a menu with pictures . i do not speak any chinese dialects and getting what i want was abit difficult . i had to ask the pushing cart ladies to show what they have . prepare to wait awhile for a table . the fare is as expected . good , nothing far from the usual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are regulars here ( because we live in the neighborhood ) for dinner and the food is predictable and decent , but not over the top good . 3 times out of 4 , we have horribly long service . i 've never tried the dim sum though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to this restaurant for the last 4 years . it is the best in montreal for authentic dimsum served every lunch time . cantonese style chinese and their main course dishes are excellent too . the restaurant is also very clean and well maintained compared to most other chinese restos in montreal . only negative is the service is generally slow and waiters can come across as a little rude but that is common in all chinese restaurants . favourite dishes : all steamed dumplings , general tao tofu , vegi chow mein , ho fun noodles with black bean sauce..oh and parking is free and easy . tip : on weekends the line up for dimsum can be up to 1hr . get there by 11am and it is generally 10mins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the waitress forget to order our food to the kitchen , waited for 1:15 for the first out of six plates . returned the chicken sweet and sour , too hard and could n't see the chicken but flours , no bowl , missing napkins and on and on . the waitress did n't bother to see us to apologize , serving desert or giving us the bill . in fact we waited for 15 minutes for the bill before asked them directly from the front cashier . only 1 of the 6 plates were decent . will go to chinatown instead for the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we only had their dim sum which i felt was solid . we have better places in la . i thought the food and service was good . they were quite busy especially for a weekday before noon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there on dec 24,2015 . there was a wait . i order peking duck for 40.00 $ . i order a bottle of wine for 22 $ . the food cake out and i could n't believe all the food we were getting . i love this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very good place for dim sum . i would argue that it is at the time of writing this , the best dim sum in town . clean tasting , fast trolley rotation and good variety . above all , a clean tasting dim sum , which i can not say i experienced so far in montreal . i measure against kowloon grand in hong kong which was almost a spiritual experience with choice teas and huge stir fry varieties to boot . this place gets busy on the weekends so expect a wait of 10-30 minutes . there is a good asian market next door so one stays with number and the other shops . it 's worth the wait . favourite thing here is the steam rice with ribs and the fried seaweed roll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is where i do take out dimsum . it 's not great but it 's the best we 've got around the area . hey not everyone can be like gta with their choices !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good dim sum , all prepared in like baskets carried around on carts . no waiting time for food : ) good variety . the siu mai was large and meaty . service was fair but not exceptional . seems packed on a daily basis from 11-1 for dim sum and 7-8 for soupper . would recommend to friends , at least they seem to be clean and organized . also kim phat is next door so that attracts a lot of asian customers as well . it is situated next to the highway for the 10 est and west so it 's very convenient . i wish they served bubble tea but they do n't : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to eat there . it was later than regular lunch hours so unfortunately the dim sun hours had just ended . we ordered from the regular menu and the food was delicious and the portions very generous . the only thing to not have a 5 stars was the food being a bit salty so next time i would ask the chef to be lighter on the salt . definitely will go back and i recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty much the only place for dim sum in the morning ! a bit pricy but the food is well worth it ! i love their cantonese noodles ! i really like having diner here ! food is amazing and not too pack or too loud ! very enjoyable here ! the only negative thing is during super time some waiters are not friendly and complain in your face if you do n't tip them adequately ! however , i ca n't say all waiters are like that there since i encounter a few that are pleasant and friendly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the place for dinner . took a long time to get our food , the waiters was rude . you better go for the dimsum brunch . less hassles and almost self serve .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "s'asseoir entre amis autour d'une grande table , dans le partage et la joie de se retrouver , quel bonheur ! et ca ne co\u00fbte pas tr\u00e8s cher pour un `` repas familial '' ! $ 288 plus tax\u00e9s plus pourboire pour 11 personnes , c'est $ 35 chacun pour une soupe , un plat de poisson , crevettes , p\u00e9toncles , homard , b\u0153uf , poulet , canard de p\u00e9kin , riz et nouilles et dessert ! accompagn\u00e9 de 7-uo , coke ( lol ! ! ) , eau et the ! un vrai d\u00e9lice pour les sens !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really dislike this restaurant because there 's always long wait and the dishes are overpriced . the flavouring of the dishes gets worse and worse from time to time that i go there : too salty , too oily ... to avoid on weekends because lineups are crazy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have a large selection of dim sam . service is fast and the price is quite reasonable . we really enjoyed it . as good as it gets for dim sam ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bonne bouff ... dans le bruit cocaphonique ... mais cela fait partie de l'esp\u00e9rience ... pour le beunch du dimanche attender vous entre 30 et 45 minutes..mais cela vaut le coup ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the few dim sum places left in brossard . i ate there before and i am always amazed at the service and the attention the waiters have for us . since i have n't had dim sum for ages , this one fit my appetite . when we came in at 1 pm , the place was packed with chinese families . the ladies came over to our table with their trays and they let us know what they have . all the ladies were very kind and they joke with my father . it is one of the perks of speaking cantonese because most of the service people were from the canton areas or hong kong . all the food are delicious . the place is well-kept and it is still a popular place to have decent chinese food . the dim sum started at 10 or 11 am and it ends at 3 pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i happen to know the owner of kam fung , and it must be said , the kwan family had been in the chinese restaurant business since the early 90 's . it 's a family bus through and through , mr. kwan 's daughters have taken over the business and are carrying on the family tradition , i 'm really pleased to see that . unfortunately my last visit was n't particularly up to standards . the service was pleasant and friendly as usual , but the quality of the food was noticeably lower than what i am accustomed to at the chinatown kam fung over the last several years . when kam fung brossard opened , i remember the food quality was excellent and the place was always packed . such was not the case on my last visit for dinner . i hope this was a random one time occurrence , and the standards go back to what they were .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great dim sum ! lots of tables but there 's also a long waiting line on weekends . good variety , service is n't great though . the waiters barely come to your table so we sometimes eat our whole meal without having been able to order something to drink ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first review i 've ever written , and it goes to kam fung . probably one of the fucking worst chinese dim places i 've ever tried in my life . i 've eaten from several chinese dim sum restaurants bur kam fung is on a whole new level of disgusting . horrible service ! ! ! ! waitress 's attitude puts me in a wax . they were fucking rude ! ! ! the chinese lady who brought our check , she was horrible ! ! ! ! she was asking for the tips , yelling to me with horrible english . i tried to talk to manager at the front . all the workers said yu no manager or supervisor . that was bullshit ! ! ! their food was horrible , never have eaten such disgusting dim sum in my life . i wish i could not give a star ! ! ! ! ! save your money . never again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this branch is a hit or miss when it comes to customer service . there are some cases where the employees have been short with me and then there are some occasions where they bend over backwards . overall , they are pleasant enough and get me in and out in a timely manner . they are reasonable with the speed in which they turn people . it is busy for being such a small branch . there is always a line , but the wait is not that long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't get a email response back ca n't get through on the phones ! wtf is up thought this was a post office ... and psh do n't expect to ever get your mail delivered on a regular or timely manner it wont happen and half the time this location doesnt even delicer your mail to you ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously this place is awful ! super long lines with only one person working . that one employee has no sense of urgency and looks like he hates life . they have `` lost '' 3 packages i had sent to my mom , but i 'm sure someone took it . so now i must wait in the mile-long line to pay extra for a tracking number so things wo n't get `` lost . '' i hate the post office .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think the people who work at this facility must have some form of brain damage , because they leave packages at addresses that are no where near where they should be delivered . and try to call them to complain , gets you zip . not an ounce of satisfaction . and we as tax payers pay their outrageously high salaries for incompetence : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "free boxes for priority shippers i do a lot of shipping and mailing at work . i make several visits to the post office in walnut creek every week . after stopping at one post office that was closed for lunch , we made our way here to send a package of our stuff , back home to us . this post office had everything we needed to get our treasures home . well , they did n't have the sticker label for addressing like i usually use , but it 's probably less wasteful to just write on the box anyhow . so that 's exactly what i did . while in line , i helped an elderly woman fill out a certified mailing order with return receipt . these can be confusing if you do n't use them all of the time . she appreciated the help and when i was done it was my turn to pay . the employee took the flat rate charge ( approx . $ 12 ) and our package was home safely in two days . well done , post office !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location for some reason has a high volume of customers for some reason . they are undermanned and do n't have enough people working to move the lines . the last time i was here , a lot of screaming and angry customers going on . i kinda was saying to my self that the dude needed to take a chill pill but in the end , if that was me , i would n't be happy that they ca n't find my package and have no answers . so there is some pain i feel for the dude . other than that , the service is good . just will have to be willing to wait for a ... ... ... .while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2 words ... ..long lines !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . 2 different employees forgot about me and i am very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there to mail a package to canada . a lady was immediately helpful and i ended up sending it priority . her name is mel and she works really hard in a multitasking job . if it was n't for her i would n't have gotten through with it the way it needed to go . i felt there was a safety with priority mail after she told me about it . thank you mel for your knowledge and helpfullness . i am very appreciative !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with the lack of customer service around here , it really comes as no surprise that the postal service is struggling . something as simple as getting a money order turns into some great inconvenience for the lady behind the counter . this one is close to my house , but since it burnt up in the porta potty fire , i guess i 'll have to go out in search of a better location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really liked this post office because parking is simple easy and the service decent to say the least i enjoyed how clean and professional the establishment look and i 'm sure i will be going back soon to deliver some of my mail to the post office .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love half moon sports grill ! the service at this location is amazing and everyone always seems so happy ! : ) my girlfriend lives up the street , so we always go when i go over . we love always sitting outside ! perfect patio ! the food here is amazing . i 'm a big wing fan and i have n't had one i do n't love ! they have a good happy hour and great sunday specials !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my bff katy and we had a blast at the bar . shelby was a phenomenal bartender made us a lovely personal shot and was a great conservationist . definitely deserves a raise . she 's great ! ! ! never been here before and i 'll def be coming back : ) ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for savannah . outstanding service . and try the buffalo chicken dip . it 's fantastic ! good place to watch ufc fights ... no cover . great drinks specials during fights and games . smoking is allowed on the patio where they have about ten tables and three tvs . inside their are tables , high tops and a large bar with every seat in the place having a great view of one of their many big screens ( including two projector screens )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to town and had a recommendation by a friend to come visit this place . the interior is nice and the atmosphere is as well however the service i had was awful . i waited in front to be seated for 5-10 minutes before someone acknowledged me . once i was seated and ordered my food took almost 40 minutes and tasted like everything came out of the microwave . i got the late night happy hour menu and cheap does not mean poor quality ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great happy hour food but came in for dinner today , unfortunately the app and burger were poor . buffalo chicken dip- bland ! burger- no seasoning with guacamole that tasted like `` nothing . '' love the drinks and servers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so this used to be a five star place . a few months ago i wrote a review about the changes in the menu that made me switch it to a one star review . i came back tonight for the first time since to watch the wildcats game and drink a beer . they are now charging a $ 5 cover . are you kidding me ? we are n't in downtown scottsdale . goodbye . never again . such greed . wow", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had mini date night and we decided to come here on a whim . i mean it is close to my house so why not . plus they have reverse happy hour and their boneless wings were on special in which they were half off all month with any drink purchase . score . my friend decided that he wanted to try the eclipse burger challenge in which included 3 half pound angus patties , topped with 4 strips of bacon , cheddar and swiss cheese with crispy onions and a side of fries . if he finished it , he got a t-shirt and his picture placed on the wall . well he finished it with no problem . he does n't eat like that all the time and he said that he was full but not overly stuffed . kudos to him . it looked amazing and i so wanted a bite , but alas he had to finish it all himself . hmm maybe next time i will try . lol ( not ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice different option for lunch , my brother and i enjoyed the burgers recently . they were offered in an assortment of sizes and toppings , but since it was the first time there , i opted for a plain burger on a pretzel bun . the flavor and consistency , while not the best in town , was pretty nice , and actually surprisingly good for 'bar food ' . service was decent , although for the lunch hour it really was n't very busy at all . i think i would like to come here for llunch again , and try something different , although the menu is n't that large , and for a craving for a burger i will choose another place . i guess this is around 3.65 , but i 'll round 'em up . what can i say ? the black and white photos on the walls of sexy chicks with their plumber 's cracks exposed ( 'half moon '' ) may have swayed me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is decent , it was a sunday around 6pm and roaring with both happy and angry football fans . our waitresses were n't the greatest . i had to get up and find someone to place our food order . our waters never got refilled and they never came back to our table after the food was delivered . sub par service , but the food was good . i had the beer battered shrimp and would go back again just for that . i noticed on their menu they have different themed days of the week including karaoke and wine down wednesday 's , etc . which is cool . will have to check them out again . it 's definitely a-okay for a local sports bar spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here is a tip for the bartender . when a person walks into your establishment , stands three feet away from your bar , and this person has not been in your establishment before , say hello . this customer is looking for some guidance and support from the staff with a bar that is 75 percent full . i know the girls sitting at the bar are cuter than me , but i tip better . my eventual waitress , rachel saved the day . good food . good sports bar atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer selection here disappointed me , very laid back bar that can be a great hang out for friends on the weekend . the drinks are fairly priced but the whole theme of the restaurant bar threw me off . it was disappointing that the whole patio was smoking friendly i do not smoke and could barely breathe out there so i was left with the only option to be inside ... .disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is terrible : ( eat at casey jones ! otherwise the tvs okay , plenty of seating , shots well poured : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i prefer going to this place to watch ufc fights because there is no charge or minimum tab . the restrict the place to people 21 and up so you do n't have little kids running around ( a la bww ) ... . i really like how the place is set up , you can choose between sitting at a bar , or watching a sporting event from one seating areas that have couches . if you go here on a fight night , be sure to arrive at least 2 hours early , the place fills up quick . i stood the entire time during ufc 118 . the menu is pretty standard for a sports bar : burgers and deep fried foods . i recommend going on weekends because the burgers are half price . also , the other reviewers are right about the lighting . they keep it pretty dark inside so people might be turned off by that ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a half moon is a half moon ... . there are several locations around town and i have been to this one a few times . great spot to watch a game or a fight ; they have plenty of tv everywhere and great drink specials . there food is pretty decent for a sports bar too . however i have never eaten at this one . the down fall for this location is the patio and how dark they keep it inside . i thought i was in a movie theater at one point . the patio needs some serious tlc . the table and chairs are years over due for a replacement and they chairs are flimsy and rock back and forth , and were n't meant to do so . it 's not too bad , but i would n't go out of my way to visit again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after seeing my negative experience review the manager reached out to me and gave me an all around better experience on my second visit . the good : responsive management who seemed to truly care that i had a bad experience at his restaurant , the wings , decent drinks and a good selection of beers . the bad : after some great apps i was hoping for the entrees to match in quality but unfortunately they did n't - as others have mentioned its your typical bar food with typical bar food quality ; the seating to the right when you walk in is practically an entirely different establishment with how shut off it is ; a little pricey for the quality of the food . takeway ? better than my initial review indicated but it did n't live up to the promise of its very delicious wings and beers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "three stars ; nothing more , arguably less . first and foremost : the name of the restaurant is half moon , but the logo is quite obviously a crescent . i know , knit picky , but come on . second : was excited to come here for the wings . supposedly award winning ? i call bullshit . maybe the award winning pigeon wings . the atmosphere was fine ; typical sports bar . wait staff was fun , and got most of the order right . was some what smokey inside ? not sure how or why . all in all : we do n't come to moon valley often . it served its purpose as a family rendezvous . but i doubt we would ever intentionally return . merp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free ufc . above average bar food . speedy service . ideal layout for starring endlessly at favorite sporting event on tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pricy for the quality of food you get ... definitely do n't come here for the service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to eat and watch the games . super friendly staff and cool crowd !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place where everyone remembers your name . the cooks are all incredibly well trained and the food prices are within reach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing special , do n't go out of your way . ordered fish and chips . two small pieces of fish , over cooked with limp garlic fries . onion rings also over cooked with too much batter . the only thing good about this place is happy hour . prices for food and drinks drop to what they should be all the time . nice and loud . tv 's could be better placed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so the foods not excellent but then again , hold on - its a sports bar and as far as sports bar food goes , its pretty darn good . the kitchen closes only at 12 and the bars open till 2 which gives me ample time to get off work at 10 pm , drive home , get out of scruffy clothes and go grab a drink and kick back . and just when i think i would be the only 'loser ' ( sic ) at the bar the place is rather filled even on a monday night ! they carry shocktop - my new fav beer which makes them more awesome . and the service is friendly ( although this can be a bit slow ) but then i could always look past it . i wasnt going anywhere anyways ! for the smokers who must complain they dont have a place to smoke the fire pit outside serves them well and the marlboro man has enough and more space to make his stand . all in all its a pretty good place to hang out and just chill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone here is so friendly . the service is awesome , food is awesome , everything is awesome ! love that asian guy ! what a charmer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oksy food and service . would n't let our 19 year old daughter come in at 8 pm . said they are a bar yet 2 teenagers were sitting behind us . wo n't be bsck", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is where i go to watch hockey because they have nhl center ice . this bar is arranged well for watching sports in general and the food is quite good . there are even two side rooms with their own private tvs and couches . i had the mushroom and swiss burger last monday and it was to die for : ) the guy next to me ended up buying one after seeing mine because it smelled so good . the service is variable here but usually good . this is definitely the place i go to watch sports near the house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place ... not terribly different from the one on highland , but definately not as upscale . also , no offense , the waitresses at this one are not as hot as the ones on highland.. see photo on highland review . lots of tvs , open spaces.. sometimes there are even good drink deals !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is n't bad here , but the service is soooooo friggin slow its unreal . the wings are good , very tasty . bartenders are cool and helpful . plenty of tv 's to watch the game too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't go to this place , the people are horrible ! fights happen in the outside patio , ca n't enjoy our selfs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my girlfriend here on a friday night for some food and drinks . was moderately busy but not slammed by any means . service was ok . slow but all my drinks came out and food came how i ordered it ( ish ) . neither my server nor the bartender knew what tequilas they had . she could `` only remember don julio '' which was $ 12 a shot . food was meh . i got a burger that was terribly overcooked , even for a bar . my girl got some fish tacos that looked beautiful and she liked a lot . appetizers were pretty bland and not that hot . drinks are what really killed me here . i had a pint of beer , 3 margaritas , a shot and finished my girls drink and left with a slight buzz . for spending $ 60 on booze i was pretty disappointed with my level of intoxication . bottom line : i spent $ 120 last night for a crappy meal , mediocre service and watered down drinks . wo n't be going back even tho i live a quarter mile away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a great place to hang out with friends . good vibes all around . food is awesome & the best long islands iced tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have come here for years and have always had great service and food . it is nice that they change up the menu at least once a year . unfortunately they removed some of my favorite items . i have made half moon my destination for halloween and new years eve . they have great specials not to mention how conveniently close they are to my home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , had the pretzel fondue , wings , sliders & burger , but you better have allot of time because the service is slow to almost stagnant , it was not even that busy ... wo n't be going back for some time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite place to go have some drinks and enjoy some football . the spinich dip is amazing , good prices on drinks and a great staff ca n't beat that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good customer service on a sunday morning . lots of tvs to watch all the games . the buffalo chicken dip was delicious ! happy hour special was a great deal for sunday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good spot to grab a craft brew and enjoy the game ( s ) . the kids menu is small - but very generous . the cali chicken sandwich is very good and loaded with fresh flavorful ingredients the wings are a bit different from typical buffalo - more a unique sweet and sour - very good . our server was ver friendly , bailed the bloody mary and gave us all the dipping sauces a table could want . ice teas were always full . good spot , family friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of this place . i love the flat breads and the ahi sliders . we live in the area and go here often with our 2 kids . we only go on the weekdays because weekends are a tad too busy to bring kids . i do love that kids eat free in the evening - that 's a bonus ! of the 30 times i 'm been here , i think we 've only had one bad experience . a few months ago , we had a large table of 12 and our waiter kind of forgot about us , we had 5 kids with us and needed to get in and out . food arrived and the kids mac and cheese was prepared spicy in error . i asked if they could remake it cuz its for my 2 year old . he looked at me like i was crazy ridiculous . but eventually left the spicy version and came back with normal mac and cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this brings the heart of chicago to phoenix ! jojo is an amazing bartender . i highly recommend half moon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "half moon has great servers and bartenders . i really like their new menu items especially the tacos and grilled romaine heart ! ! ! ! yummy ! i 'm a loyal customer ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i still prefer zipps for the food , but half moon has very good bar food too . burgers and wings are great ( again , zipps are better ) . half moon is way better for watching a game though . way better seating arrangement . go when it is n't busy and you can have one of the side rooms all to yourself , rearrange the furniture however you want and get the remote so you can put on whatever . i should n't be sharing this . nice outdoor seating with a fire pit for all you smokers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ashley . best manager i have ever come in contact with . knows hers surroundings ! i ca n't say enough good about her or this place . go there for sure . you 'll love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to half moon sports grill on a wednesday night when we had nothing to cook at our place . the fish and chips was awesome and the fish was n't too greasy which can sometimes be the case with fish and chips . my wife had the fish tacos and also enjoyed it . our waitress drea was polite and attentive . i would come back again maybe on all you can eat fish friday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drea , the bartender is the best , most attentive bartender i 've ever had . i know this place gets a lot of negative reviews , but between the bartenders shelby and drea , i just do n't understand why . they are such sweet ladies with wonderful hospitality . i have never had a bad experience here and i will never tell someone to not come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , friendly staff with lots of tvs to see the game . food was really good for bar food . we had the pretzels and wings - both of which i was surprised by the quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , nice big tv screens to watch sports ... always a plus for me . it was decent bar food ... i shared some nachos and wings but the highlight was the big pretzel . it was really good especially with hot mustard . a little upset that they were so limited to beers on draft . for a sports grill , that is a big no-no for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had just about everything on the menu . and it has all been so tasty ! i am never let down . the wait staff is always super nice , helpful and educated onthe menu . i would highly recommend eating there . and try it all . you wo n't be let down . and always check out their specials . they always have them and they are always awesome ! ! the owners are great guys and really care about their restaurants and that shows vigorously throughout the food and the people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to come here all the time with friends for the ufc ppv and before it was always packed and the service and drinks were great . now a few months later i came here and the place has completely gone downhill . the food has changed and i ordered a margherita and i got some fruity drink that has a rotten lime in it . new management or something ruined it . never again will i come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my third time trying half moon and it was still underwhelming . great location and numerous tvs would seem the perfect place for watching the game . but ... the food is expensive . and mediocre at best . service was iffy and it was fairly empty after we played golf at the pointe circa 4 p.m saturday .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "solid food and atmosphere . great place to watch a game . the wings are pretty good and the happy hour is also very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more beer ! ! ! that 's right , they got rid of the microbrew they had , bottoms up , and now have fat tire on draft and are getting another beer on draft soon . they also carry blue moon now ( thank god ! ) and a half dozen or so other popular beers they have n't carried in a long time . they also have daily kitchen specials they are doing a little better job of promoting and , so far , they 've been really good . still a great place to go , still lots of fun ... ..now with more beer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't had any food here , but it 's a good spot for a beer on the patio at a good price . there are misters on in the summer . i 've seen karaoke here . i 've also seen the underaged get kicked out from time to time so i know they follow the rules on that one . i will be back !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a big fan of half moon in north phoenix . the food is amazingly good for a sports bar ! my favorite is the greek salad ! they also do special menus on holidays -- this past year we did a low-key valentines date and were pleasantly surprised they offered a `` coursed '' dinner . also , the wait staff is dressed super cute without it being a `` breastaurant '' . it 's kid friendly in the dining area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came from out town for a football game and wanted to watch the big ufc fight at nice , drama-free bar or restaurant . from the point i called here to verify that they were showing the fight i was impressed with their service . the person who answered was extremely friendly and went out of her way to describe the usual fight night crowd and advise us what time we should show up if we wanted a seat . our waitress was just as friendly and took great care of us . the food especially the chicken alfredo was delicious ! mix drinks were not that strong . but we stuck to beer . nice place over all i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is typical neighborhood bar and grill type food . the beer is cold , the service was good enough and the food was eatable . it does get a bit crowded at times and not always with patrons i want to be around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a good time here ! half moon is a local bar that has been around a long time . excited to see some fun new menu items . everything sounded delish . had the bacon blue burger on a pretzel bun with sweet potato fries . so good ! this pretzel bun was legit . awesome happy hour specials and reverse hh specials . cheap drinks and starters . in my arnold voice..i 'll be back ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i have been here several times and have yet to be disappointed . for a sports bar the food is really good ... and the service has always been great . my sister and i like this place because it is about a mile away from her house , and i think we will keep coming here to watch all of our favorite games !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't think of a place id rather be any day of the week after a stressful day of work.gyms close by.then a relaxing drink with many friendly beautiful girls to serve you.i always try to find my favorite bartender or waitress.but i like them all.always respectful and nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , friendly service . fast and speedy on a sunday night football day . will be back again soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the occasion was not planned but the starters menus with the happy hour prices until 7pm was nice ! i did have the usual calamari plate and the buffalo chicken dip to compliment the refreshing local papago orange blossom ! service was outstanding and you know you you are ! thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for game 7 of the nba finals . service was good . food was good . the main issue with this place was the temperature inside - it was too hot - everyone was sweating profusely . cool the place down a few degrees and it will be a more desirable place to go during the arizona summer heat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is great , service is great , i 'm in the eclub and will get a great deal every now and then . i 've only been at the highland location . and i love the pictures on the wall of the women .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for monday night football . great sport for bears fans ! ! they have a ton of tv 's and 3 big screen projectors . great food for a sports bar as well ... half moon is a relax chill sport to hang out afterwards as well . we had great service and drinks were resonable ... . it has a big patio as well , looks like it could use a lil remodel however . otherwise this place is great . you should go check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a big `` ok '' beer selection was ok , bartender was very unaware of her guests and said anything to please them . overall , it was n't the worst experience , but was n't the best ( by far ) either ! wings - ok ( ish ) beer - fine chips salsa guac - huge portion and not the best , but it 's a pretty basic dish .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so went to half moon yesterday to go eat some wings for the wing tuesday , ended up sitting for roughly 30 minutes while watching all the severs go in an out without any acknowledgement . finally we asked for some drinks from another server walking by . i got my water but not my beer waited for about another ten minutes to see if we would be recognized as guests and we were not . i could understand if the place was busy but , as empty as it was the place could have been run by a two girl floor and a bartender . ended up leaving before we were served .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "enjoy going here , great atmosphere ! the food is delicious which is a good thing , because you get what you pay for . love the patio here as well ! the servers are mostly well attentive . they do get pretty busy which is understandable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i have come here several times now , and we really enjoy it . the food is superbly prepated , and the atmosphere is very warm and welcoming . the chef has a great way of blending flavors to produce a savory treat for your palate . super friendly staff as well . highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich , and the sunny side up burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local spot . really good wings . the service is spotty , but not bad . great place to hang .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wings are on fleek . usually pretty stiff crown n gingers . bottomless mimosas during football ? love this place . the football specials are awesome . the chicken tenders are legit and not processed ; they use actual meat . if you get the wings try the the honey chipotle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great and the service is even better . we wanted to watch a game during the ncaa basketball tournament but another game was on with the overall sound . to accommodate us , they put us in a semi-separate room with the sound of our game . the wait staff is is very friendly and attentive . if you want a good place to watch the game , this is your spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard about this place from our hotel . tried it out on a thursday and alissa was great . liked it so much we came back the next day . malea took care of our group during the day ( which grew from 6 to 12 within an hour ) . this is our new old pros hangout for march madness and spring training .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoy coming to half moon for happy hour . the buffalo chicken dip is the best ! great customer service . also have some great deals on living social . we come here often . would recommend half moon to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't see why people complain . it 's nice to be able to go to a bar later at night and have a few good drinks and chat . i been here a few times . service is not the greatest or fastest , but a pretty busy and nice spot to enjoy late night friends gatherings and watch some games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was able to try this food truck when they were at crafthaus brewery on a saturday night . i love the idea of food trucks stopping at the brewery . the guys even brought our food into us when it was ready . they offer about six different burger options including a bison burger , kraken sandwich ( pulled pork ) , and unami burger . unfortunately , the night we tried them they were out of half of the menu items . burgers come with french fries and are priced at $ 10 which seemed reasonable to me for the convenience and portion . my husband wanted the bison burger , but had to go with the thousand island burger when they were out of the bison . he liked his burger , but did n't rave about it . i had the kraken sandwich which is pulled pork with a pineapple glaze and coleslaw . the sandwich was good and i liked the flavors together . both sandwiches were good , but probably not something i would seek out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thank this food truck for helping me realize where the end of my patience lies ... . thee worst food truck experience ever . the service is terrrrrrrible ! shame on you 1hr for two burgers ! ? lots of complaints from everyone . i arrived on a slow day and they were posted up out front of tenaya brewing co . i waited in a very very small line of only 2 people in front of me and even then they were moving super slow . that should have been my signal that this was not going to be a good experience but i was starving so i figured `` meh , whats the worst i could wait ? 30 mins ? well it was double that and they gave my food away to someone else . i am glad they at least owned their mistake and did offer to make me a new order but after 60 minutes of waiting and you gave a away my food ? enough was enough ! i think at some point they should have either told people the expected wait times , or stopped taking any more orders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a shame that this food truck is so ill run . the staff is not trained to handle high volume sales , what would be a dream for most business owners is a confusing nightmare for these folks . a burger is around $ 14 , so you think they would have the ability to hire and train more staff . we never actually received our food ( 1 grilled cheese sandwich & 1 kraken burger ) , after waiting in line for more than 30 minutes to order , then another 40 minutes for the order to be cooked , i asked to cancel my order which was never even started . save yourself the frustration and get in line for a different food truck if you see this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again . this truck was hired by my job for cinco de mayo , to have breakfast for us by 7:30 . they arrived at 7:30 ! then took an hour to prepare some of the worst egg tacos ! ! they did n't have a menu , no choice , just handed out some under cooked tortillas with scrambled eggs and salsa . this looked like the kind of breakfast you make in 5 minutes , and you run out the door with , not anything that took an hour to prep . one co-worker actually tried to eat them , and they tasted horrible . to top it all off , the cook , had the audacity to get in my bosses face because , this was not what was promised or agreed to . i would not recommend this truck to anyone , nor would i ever use them again . horrible food and horrible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see the menu today at work for the kraken cafe food truck . although the prices were high , i figured it must be good and since i did n't bring lunch today i thought might as well try them out . i was their first customer at our buildings location and it took about 20 minutes to get my food order . 1 ) their was only one person running the truck ( others coming were late ) 2 ) i ordered the kraken special ( pulled pork sandwich ) the bun was cold , the meat was cold and no sauce . the driest pulled pork i have ever had . 3 ) the fries were good sorry guys , but 2 thumbs down . your `` special '' should be the best you have and its not", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disorganized and understaffed . they were out of soda and we ended up having to get a refund for our food because we waited over 30 minutes and no one in front of us had gotten there food yet either . the refund took about 10 minutes because no one in the truck knew how to do that either . it would be faster to go sit down at an actual restaurant to eat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the bison burger tonight . simply amazing ! great tasting burger and fries . thank you for being a peanut free truck as well . my alergeries thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one i would give a negative rating to . the food truck is ran very unprofessional . i mean lots of attitude , rude , nooooo type of customer service at all . food was below standards , and a long wait at that . i do not recommend anyone the food truck for catering very disappointing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the fries are heavenly , and the kraken express is the perfect mix of sweet and spicy ! thanks for being at hop nuts tonight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kraken cafe came to my work along with a few other food trucks today . it took an hour and fifteen minutes to get a grilled cheese and fries . totally not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm really disappointed with the experience and quality of the food delivered by kraken food truck at oktoberfest . i thought ordering a burger would have taken too long so i opted for the simple chicken strips & fries . for $ 6 , i waited 30 minutes for 3 pieces of chicken strips and fries ? mind you , there was no one in line when i ordered food . as i did n't mind the wait , the quality of the food was a major disappointment . i could have gone to a bowling alley , paid the same price , and had better quality chicken strips .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried them for the first time last night out at crafthaus brewery . holy fries batman . they were so good . my husband had the wings and i had a bbq burger . the bread for the burger was out of control tasty and the burger itself was delish . my husband liked the wings , but seriously , the fries are where it 's at .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came across the kraken cafe today and let me say it 's the best i 've had in vegas . if you see them out stop and try it out . the quality and over all flavor is great . i will be looking for them out again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you think about a food truck you never would 've thought that the food would have great quality . kraken cafe has a surprising menu from bison too fresh salman croquet burgers the quality of the food will keep you coming back for more ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was awesome . had the bison burger ... delicious ! the . pork fries were so good , a little spicy , but so tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate off the food truck on friday night . i had the chicken and waffles . they were outstanding best i 've had in a long time hard to believe ot came off a , food truck . i ca n't wait to try the actual cafe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried it tonight at a food truck roundup . it was n't very busy , but it did take some time to get my 1000 island burger . price was n't bad . it took a couple of minutes for someone to come to the window to take my order . i found the burger to be very tasty ( their buns were spot on and the patty was very juicy ) . the fries were really good , and it 's been tough for me to find those kinds of fries that are not too thick , crispy on the outside , and cooked well on the inside . i 'd recommend it if you 're ok with a wait . from what i can see on the other reviews , it 's not worth it when it 's busy . their service was n't very good , but i really enjoyed the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try this truck for a minute now today was the first time i tried it food was great i 've tried the bison burger which is a well-cooked burger one of the best that i 've tried the phrase for incredible you wo n't find these at in any regular restaurant you wo n't be disappointed the food is great quality lots of food you wo n't go away hungry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken waffles ... not fast , but excellent . orange syrup for dipping , chicken breading with a little spicy bite . loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the kraken cafe food truck came to tivoli today . i figured i give them a try . for $ 6 starting the menu is not bad . the operation was 2 people and orders made fresh . i wanted to try the chicken and waffles and the worker said she had to much orders . i remind u they were here for 2 hours . so she ran out . i ordered a chicken strip plate and grilled cheese plate . okay but the hype is not all their with this truck . the fries was missing flavor . yes it was tossed with parm cheese and some herbs but no taste . it was also not crispy . the chicken strip was okay . 3 pieces . really lightly battered . no great taste . grilles cheese was was great on a sweet bread type of toast with nice cheese actually melted . also no condiments with the order .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they stopped off at work the other day . i figured i would give it a go . i had the thousand island burger . hell it was good . while walking to the breakroom everyone was upset they missed out . good fries also ! and to boot i could n't finish it , ( believe me i can put it away ) . over all good marks . hope they come by again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still great , awesome menu . burger heaven from a food truck . garlic fries are amazing again . thanks for the unami burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this a one star only based on customer service . i called to ask a few questions regarding the defensive driving class they offer . the lady who answered the phone was absolutely rude . she did n't even let me finish my sentence , had an attitude , and sounded like the most miserable person on earth . she certainly did everything in her power to make me not want to spend my money on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my two star rating still stands even after a response from the owner instructor . i 'm glad he enjoys teaching new students what the speedometer inside the car is for , the difference between the brakes and the gas and what to do when one approaches a stop sign . but not everyone needs this level of hand holding . they need to be more upfront and honest about what they can and ca n't offer so that people who are considering this school can decide if it 's the best place for them . ( i feel the need to clarify the fact that there was never any road test , not through this school , and they did n't help me pass anything . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at first i did n't want to do driver training because i was scared of driving . my driving instructor was friendly and professional . i learned to do backing , steering and control of the brake in the parking lot . wow there is a lot to learn . the safe and correct way to do stops and turns . the busy roads are not as bad now that i know how to check my blind spots and keep a safe following distance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing selection and very reasonable prices . they had a water pipe there for $ 100 that dj 's down the road was selling for $ 175 . the guys that work there are nice too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my first vape pen here . mohammad has been extremely helpful with it . mohammad goes above and beyond to help customers . the staff in general really care about their customers . very reasonable prices and great selection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was expecting to pick up a lil pipe for some dank meddies but with prices like these i was able to get a nice water piece with double percolators . between the prices selection and service i 'm one happy midnight toker . its good to know that there is a local business that treats everyone with respect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not shop here ! i purchased a vaporizer ( electronic cigarette ) and it worked for a couple days and i do n't smoke very much and it stopped working . assuming i could take it back , i walked back into the store with my cigarette and asked him what i could do about it ( because they do n't accept returns . ) he got very aggressive and told me to get the f out . i asked him to see his business license ( which is supposed to be posted in a conspicuous located ) he refused and started to bang on the desk and told me to get the f out . i honestly do n't think this is a legitimate business . they also knowingly sell detective merchandise and at a ridiculous price . next time just go to high maintenance smoke shop , they offer the same things for a better price , without the aggressive attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "guy working counter was really attentive and fun even though his lunch was delivered while we were there . cool selection and great prices . even tossed in glass screens", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , my favorite smoke shop in az . my first vape broke and they let me replace it with a new one . one of the workers i think his name is steven , helped me a ton and made sure i got the best one . the owner told one of the workers to make sure they took care of me and that i left happy , and i for sure did . keep up the good work guys . definitely will be returning to this smoke shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy working there was so nice and so helpful . he helped me with everything i needed and answered all my questions to the best of his ability . this smoke shop is one of the best ones in the east valley i 've been to so far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a late dinner . after finding most places closed for the night , i found wimpy 's open -- just barely ! coming in at just before closing , the staff had no resistance to seating us and serving . they advised us that the kitchen was closing in 15 minutes , so we ordered quickly . they took the time to clarify the order and entertained special requests . i ordered the fish & chips but with a sub garden salad instead . i had been craving this for a while , which usually leads to unreasonable expectations . in this case , expectations were met . no objection , no complaint . that earns a star ! the food came quickly , and with quality . it did not appear like the kitchen rushed at all . we ate and left without any pressure . attitude speaks volumes , even when people try to hide it . i would drive out of my way to eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for some reason this place is not really one of my favourite places to go . however everytime i go i have to admit the food is fresh and tasty . i had a great omelette with a side of greek salad instead of home fries . it 's reasonably priced , i was only charged a $ 1 for a generous side salad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went during dinner hour . service was slow . typical greasy grill franchise food . all wimpys are more less the same . nothing special . nearby mercury diner has far better food and nostalgic decor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service and a real nice lunch served . i 'm always happy to dine here as i do n't visit often , it 's a treat when i do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh , i really wanted to keep liking this place but i feel the quality has really gone downhill since they first opened . no longer as yeasty and chewy as i remember . to add to the annoyance , on my last 3 visits they were out of their everything bagels . really ? and it was hours before closing time , that 's just not acceptable . that and waiting 15 minutes for 3 bagels w cream cheese . i 've noticed the owner dude was n't behind the counter at these visits so maybe he needs to take the reins again . i guess i 'll just wait for my next visit to nyc for a decent bagel experience again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could give this place less than one star i would . after waiting over 40 minutes for a turkey sandwich , the owner handed me my bagel with a very snarky comment and said `` could you get any more items on your sandwich ? '' the people behind me in line asked him where their sandwiches were and he said they were 8th in line and refused to make their bagels next . unbelievably rude , condescending and inappropriate . i will never come back and will make sure everyone i know wo n't come back either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gotham makes decent bagels ( i 'm from new york , so i 'm comparing them to their namesake ) , but the service ( over the past three years that i 've lived down the street ) has gone from very good to awful . if you can wait 15-20 minutes for your bagel or sandwich because everyone behind the counter forgets to work , then this is an okay place to go . also , do n't order an egg sandwich unless you like your eggs very , very runny . undercooked , even .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to the farmers market to walk around in the glorious warm sun and left with pretty much just carbs ... i bought bread , pasta and unfortunately , bagels from gotham . the bagels themselves were n't bad ... nothing to write home about in my opinion..but not awful . it was the service that is really why i would never go back . i waited in line with a friend-she ordered her bagels and then i went to order next and was very loudly accused of cutting in line by a rude man who seemed to think he was in charge . i calmly explained that i was waiting here the entire time and then started to order the bagels but he was extremely short and rude with me the entire time . no time for that-i 'll get my bagels from bagels forever instead !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first business ive ever had to look up the owner to make sure this was n't a complete joke . way overpriced , rude service , i am disappointed i wasted my time . joke 's on me , you got me - never again though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i might have given this place a better review if the owner had n't yelled `` hey ! i 'm trying to run a business here ! '' at me for having the audacity to not hear him call my name the first time in a loud and crowded restaurant . i also might have given this place a better review if 10 minuets later the owner had n't accused my girlfriend of stealing a bottle of water , which she did n't of course . however , i might not have , because the food was n't that special anyway . maybe keep the nyc-style bagels , and lose the nyc-style attitude ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the salmon bagel i got today was ok , but i also got a $ 3 orange juice as well . i was trying to put the straw in and the cup flipped forward and the lid went flying off . i get that they probably do n't want to spend a lot of money of togo cups but the woman working admitted they were horrible cups , helped me clean up the juice and went back to work . i get that i spilt the orange juice , but accidents happen . i also work in the food industry and in that case i would n't hesitate to refill or replace the spilt beverage . i expected nothing less from her . she seemed to not care and i ended up leaving with just my bagel . and frankly i was quite disappointed that she did n't put forward a better effort . overall not that impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "way overpriced . it was very confusing where you were supposed to wait for your order . names were called out so softly , no one came up for their orders . after 30 minutes , i asked someone if i had missed my name being called . very rudely she said no . i asked someone else 10 minutes later and she said my order was next . she handed me the wrong order . after 5 minutes of flagging her back down , she told me oops , my bagel had been sitting in a bag behind the counter for twenty minutes . by that time is was cold . very disappointed in my visit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the consensus within the jewish org i work for is that gotham is the only place to get a new york bagel in these parts . everything is delicious . fun and well thought out menu with great combos of things . i love their lavender cranberry drink . great coffee . pretty crowded at all times , for good reason , so prepare to wait a little for your food . worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a problem with service here , they are always very attentive & quick . maybe they 've read all the angry yelp reviews and upped their game ? atmosphere is fun- you can see the kitchen ( with their ... bagel machine ? i 'm assuming that 's what that large loud thing is . whatever it is , it 's pretty cool ) and there are family photos , photos of ny , and various newspaper features framed up on the wall . their bagels are the best , their smears are great . at most places i do n't order the same thing twice ; but here i stick with the everything bagel with feta-licious smear . it 's that good . good bagel , good smear , needs nothing else . they serve collectivo coffee , and serve it well . warning ! they have a 4.50 ( i think ) minimum on credit card purchases !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here to add to and endorse the reviews of others before me . i think gotham has great bagels - real , authentic ny philly bagels in every way - always fresh and tasty . very good sandwiches , chicken salad , and atmosphere as well . but they lose two big stars for their below standard service . they inexplicably have one slow , indifferent person taking orders , with a handful of other people filling them . what would make more sense and is done at most other delis is that each attendant interact with the customer , take their order , and shepherd it to completion . the wait in line is almost always longer than it needs to be . if the person in front of me has a long , complicated order , it should n't matter . second , the attendants are often rude and or indifferent , and it 's not just a one-off observation . the only reason i could see for the owners to tolerate the current situation is that they just do not care about making money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my life partner thoroughly enjoys the lox and i loved their strawberry cream cheese , unfortunately they discontinued it and we have n't gone back since . their cranberry juice is off the chain , the price eh not so much . please bring back the delicious pink delight !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bagels are good but service is horrible . when you ask them to toast your bagels there 's about a 50 % hit rate . just waited 30 minutes for a bagel and cream cheese .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the bagels here . they are the only place that has tofu `` cream cheese '' , but i 've gotten my order messed up so many times . how hard is it to toast a bagel , when you ask for it ? i did n't think it was that difficult . just because i 'm ordering an all veggie bagel does not mean it should n't be toasted , when i clearly specify for it to be toasted . no point in walking 3 blocks to get a new bagel . disappointing service . food is still good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "flies everywhere ... .gross ... the bagels themselves are n't bad , but not fantastic either and you get enough cream cheese for 2 bagels on the one you order too . while i have n't gotten sick or had terrible service like some of the other people , the whole experience of eating while flies circled my head was enough to make me never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a known fact that the best bagels in the world come from new york city . gotham is straight out of nyc , it 's no wonder they serve the best bagels , hands down , in all of madison . pretty authentic nyc rude service comes with it too . but it 's worth it , because the food is amazing . to people who complain about them having a lack of bagel or cream cheese varieties because they `` run-out '' : that 's because they cook the bagels fresh everyday , no exceptions . they run out because everyone wants them ! ! ! stop whining and get to gotham early .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place near the square to stop in for a quick bagel . have n't tried any other local bagel places in madison yet , but this one is pretty good . my roommate assured me that it 's as authentic nyc as you can get ( outside of nyc , that is ) . i 've had the sesame bagel with salmon and lox , which was outstanding ! i 've also ordered the everything bagel , which to me is very , very salty . i like that they use sea salt , but come on ! i had to pick some of it off , which in turn removed the `` everything '' from the bagel . i 've had this with the salmon cream cheese , which is a nice alternative to the salmon and lox ( and less expensive ) . they seem to have a lot of ingredients for sandwiches and such . will definitely return to try some of their other options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bagels in town . they recently have taken the way of the economy and shrunk a bit but still the best ! awesome cream cheese too . this was the first place to bring authentic pastrami to town as well . oh so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't really care about the price of bagels in nyc or anyone else , as far as madison goes gotham has the absolute best bagels around . hand rolled , plenty of `` toppings . '' forget einstein , support your local bagel company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from the new york area , i 'm very snobby about my bagels . this place is by far the best bagel joint in madison . i would even say it 's the only place i have found outside of the ny area that serves real bagels . when comparing these to other bagels in the midwest , it 's a blowout . other places do n't even compare . when comparing these to the best bagels i 've had back home , these hold their own , which is saying a lot . i would n't say these are among the greatest bagels i 've ever had , but if i had them in nyc , i would classify them as good , which is quite a feat . bagel selection and spread selection is great . breakfast sandwiches are great . lox is great . it 's nice to have a little bit of new york available in madison ( considering the lack of pizza in the area ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best bagels in madison . nothing else i have had in town should even be called a bagel . they have great bagel sandwiches too . this is always our first stop when heading to the farmer 's market on saturday morning . park st. location is great as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here just about every saturday or sunday for the last 7 months and i can honestly say that i have never been disappointed . whether i chose one of the many specials , a bacon egg and cheese or just went with a shmear of cream cheese , everything has been phenomenal . every bagel is as excellent as the last and each time i come here i love this place a little more . everyone says new york bagels are the best but i think this place comes pretty close in comparison . on top of the delicious bagel sandwiches , i love the atmosphere that constantly has people coming through and a really entertaining staff behind the counter . i always end up sitting there and reading for an hour or so and consistently enjoy the ambiance that makes up gotham bagels . i plan to continue coming just as frequently for the rest of my time in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bagels forever and gotham are tied for best bagels in madison imho . i 've only ever had bagels , cream cheese , and coffee here , so i ca n't comment on much else . the bagels are pretty close to a real east coast bagel , but they seem too big to me . the cream cheese is good , they make their own and have a lot of flavors . they really layer it on the bagels , so much so that i usually end up taking off ~90 % of it before eating . the service here sucks ... the guys who work here are slow , rude , and have trouble remembering your order ( which they write down ! ) . the prices are also pretty steep for bagels . definitely worth trying especially if you 're downtown , but you can get bagels that are just as good ( ok yes they 're smaller ) for cheaper at bagels forever !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these are the best nyc style bagels outside of ny ! the brighton beach is my absolute favorite- a super egg everything bagel with caper cream cheese , crunchy cucumbers , red onions and tomatoes , with salmon lox they make especially in store ! they never charge me when i ask for extra lox either . great guys here and great bagels ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gotham seriously serves the best bagels outside of ny . i 'd even say they 're better than some bagel places on long island . these are real bagels , not the nonsense you get at the bagel chains ( einstein , panera , etc. ) . they are hard on the outside and chewy on the inside , exactly what a bagel should be . they do n't come in blueberry , chocolate chip , or sunflower flavors . so , why only 4 stars and not 5 ? well , not only are their bagels authentic ny style , but so are their employee 's dispositions : surly . you wo n't find any smiles here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! you know a place is doing it right when even the new yorkers are loving their bagels ! delicious soups as well . not somewhere i want to be on the weekends though - too many customers with too many questions and demands . ( oy ! ) my recommendations : sesame & salt bagels . a good deal : the egg sandwich on a bagel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wife and i happened upon gotham bagels our first day in madison , and we 've made it a tradition to go every saturday . the bagels are amazing and i 'm assuming `` authentic '' , but who cares , they 're really good . part of the assumed authenticity comes from the brusque and curt way the staff deals with customers ; it 's just like being in new york ! ! ! generally they 're nice enough and , if nothing else , you get a friggin ' amazing bagel out of the interaction . how anyone rates this less than 4-stars is beyond me ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is about a block away from my apartment and is so incredible . first of all most of the employees are incredibly friendly , the place itself is super quaint and cute , but most importantly they have hands down the best bagels . i would , however , think it would be good for them to add a few other bagel choices . specifically some sweet bagels as i am a big fan of ones like blueberry , cinnamon sugar , etc . otherwise it 's a great place to stop by for a bite to eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bagels . by far , the best in madison . i had an issue with a particular order of a dozen bagels . spoke with the owner . he went out of his way to make everything fine . gotham bagels are excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited madison for just 5 days and came here for bagels in three different occasions . best bagels ever ! handrolled , freshly made , delicious . so many options to choose from . and that pastrami ... oh that pastrami !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the lox and cream cheese on a bagel this weekend . the bagel itself was quite good and the service was just fine . now i 've become pretty used to paying 6-7 dollars for a lox sandwich , but was dismayed to find that at gotham the $ 6.75 price tag included just lox , cream cheese and the bagel . who eats that ? to add on my requisite tomatoes , onions and capers i ended up paying 9 dollars . and to add insult to my wallet 's injury , i got home to find spinach on the bagel instead of onions and the spinach was old and gross . i 'll go back for bagels , but get my lox and fixings fix elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love gotham , not just because we are dark knight nerds ... ahem ... fans . yes , sometimes the parking is difficult , and seating is full , and you need to ask for a bathroom key , but totally worth the extra hassle . the bagels are big , crispy on the outside , chewy on the inside , with great , not too much spread . our `` go to '' order is to split a chicken breast bagel sandwich and a sweet type bagel with cream cheese . the chicken is absolutely succulent , cooked perfectly , never dry . we take our out of town guests here for breakfast before walking the farmers market . a hit with them has been the pastrami . we love the details they put into their items such as the rosemary infused cranberry juice - items you just ca n't get anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food here . sometimes the owner can be a bit crabby but usually only if they 're busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gotham bagels are simply the best in madison and closest thing to nyc bagels . they are hand-rolled and topped with artisanal cream cheese that ranges from plain to even gochugang flavored . the cheese is really tangy and fresh . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very confused by people saying that their bagels are too big . they are smaller than the bagels that you get in nyc . there is also no such thing as a bagel that is too big . obviously , without the magic of new york water , you ca n't make a real new york bagel . but for the midwest , they 're pretty damn close . it 's a little pricey , sure , but you get what you pay for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have stopped going here . they were out of lox on a saturday morning , so we went somewhere else , and just never bothered going back . it 's too expensive , and they 're often out of things . and , with the exception of maybe two guys who work here , everybody else has been rude , short , and seemingly annoyed , in my experience . also , i got really sick after i last ate here . and i 'd had a bagel with cream cheese . how could that go wrong ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "here 's the rub . i go here often and love the bagels ! they are the best in town by far . however , the service is excruciatingly slow and inconsistent . i still go there despite this , just not as often as i would normally . i would move this score to a five if they ever remedied this .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious nyc-style bagel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am happy to have finally tried gotham ! as a new yorker , bagels and deli 's are soemthing i still miss . i will say this first- bagels are good.. they are not as good as ny bagels but closer than anything else in the madison area . there sammiches are great tho- and i swear i never , ever thought i would get a yummy chicken cutlet sammich unless i was in the northeast , ( mst people do n't even know what a chicken cutlet is here ! ! ) and gotham proved me wrong ! great sammiches , so worth it ... i wish we could do half stars.. this is a 3.5 for sure ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good food , had lunch there and it was very yummy . kids loved the breakfast bagels egg sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you do n't love gotham you might be a cylon . since being introduced i eat a bagel sandwich 1+ times a week . as a person who `` does n't like sandwiches '' this is a big deal . love the veggie on super egg everything , but they also have a rotating menu of specials that are usually fantastic . eat here and you will never go out for brunch again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only bagels worth a damn in the madison area . nothing else comes close . worth the slightly elevated price as everything is made from scratch , using local ingredients when possible ( and this is just from what i surmise from hearing the chatter of the chef and cooks behind the counter ) . everything here is good , but the super egg everything with one of their flavored spreads ( olive , scallion , or chimichurri ) is the simple kryptonite that keeps me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it had been a couple of years since i visited gotham , and decided to stop in and get a toasted pumpernickel with cream cheese and lox . had n't had one in ages . so here we go , let 's take a look . they gave me a nice spicy pickle on top of the wrapped bagel . nice touch , liked it . plenty of cream cheese , and the bagel itself did n't disappoint . but hold up ... . $ 6 for this bagel , cream cheese and lox ? ? and ... . hello ? ? ? there 's not even any red onion or tomato included . i'da thought that was a given when asking for bagel and lox ? ? ? ? okay , stlightly miffed and disappointed , but still my favorite place here in town for bagels , although there are other options i have yet to try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good solid food . large portions . nice atmosphere and good price point . this is my go-to place on the square .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went back to gotham craving a bagel , forgetting my past disappointments . i was more disappointed than ever . the food is just not good . the ham , trying to be fancy , is so disgustingly salty and does not belong on an egg and cheese sandwich . the sausage is also some weird patty and not a normal sausage patty you 'd have on a breakfast sandwich . gotham says it 's a ny style bagel shop but misses the mark when it tries too hard . the bagels are great but your egg sandwiches are almost inedible ( my friend and i both picked at ours and did n't finish ) . the wait for the food is far too long , it 's overpriced and nobody smiles .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best bagels in madison . service is hit or miss", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place i think because of them being so busy they are lacking in other areas like what comes with a c.a.b i clearly told the girl i want two c.a.b with no tomatoes . not only after going home did i realize there 's no tomatoes there 's also one with no avacado . kind of disappointment because i come from the other side of town . to see the girl just forget to put avacado on one bagel and not the other . call it ocd but stuff like this bothers me", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had to get a quick bite and stopped through for breakfast this morning . had an `` everything '' bagel with their special jalapeno garlic cream cheese , not toasted . it was `` everything '' i could hope for in a bagel . not too soft , not too hard - just right , flavorful , easy to eat . the cream cheese was so fluffy and tasty . i could n't find caloric information anywhere , but i ca n't imagine it 's any good . this was my `` cheat '' breakfast of the week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gotham has become an institution to me the last few years , serving authentic nyc style bagels that are top quality . simply put , the best bagels in the midwest . the bagels and spreads are always fresh and made right at gotham . i 've been cycling through combinations to try everything they offer . i 've come to the conclusion that it does n't matter what you order , as everything is outstanding . i usually get two bagels ; one for breakfast and one for the road - known as the pocket bagel . gotham is also a deli and has some awesome items in the case . the freshly squeezed juice is a perfect revitalizer on post-badger game sunday mornings . also , gotham serves alterra coffee , which is amazing in itself . come early and come often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived in new york for 7 years and ate a lot of bagels , and i have to say this bagel is as good as it gets . gotham rivals , if not beats , any bagel i 've ever had in new york and i ca n't believe i was lucky enough to find this place here in madison when i came to wisconsin . i stock up on bagels as much as i can whenever i visit to bring them back milwaukee . i have visited the park street location a few times and i have spoken with the owner more than once . he has always seemed amiable and eager to talk to me about new york and whatnot . i see people on here complain about the rude service but i have to say , i have n't really experienced that . sometimes the conversation at the register is a bit more terse than maybe people in wisconsin are used to , but i have never found it to be flat out rude . i 'll be back to gotham for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gotham bagels offers a good , quick , cheap lunch or snack in downtown madison . the bagels here are fairly high quality and you can mix and match and make interesting bagel sandwiches with a variety of vegetable spreads and also tofutti-based spreads . i had a `` v '' sandwich on a toasted garlic bagel ( $ 4.28 with tax ) which consisted of arugula , tofutti-scallion spread , tomatoes , avocado , and roasted poblano peppers . it was pretty tasty and quite filling and cheap ; however , the sandwich is totally overloaded and quite messy to handle , which forced me to use at least a few napkins ( better to eat these sandwiches sitting down at a table , not on-the-go or in the car ) . the location in downtown madison is good , though the place closes too early ( 3 p.m. ) . one other suggestion for improvement : add some mockmeat options , such as fakin ' bacon and tofurkey ; gotham 's vegan options are good , but do n't go far enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my son and i come here before we head over to the children 's museum in the morning . i like that they have a lot of different choices of bagel sandwiches or you can get bagels with all sorts of different cream cheeses including a vegan tofu cream cheese which actually tastes really good . i like their lox and cream cheese on a toasted garlic bagel . my son likes the cinnamon raisin bagel . it can get busy here and you can wait in a line for a while but its good if your willing to wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm from nyc and i 've been living here for 4 years and i can assure you that it 's the only place in madison to get quality bagels ! ! the staff is all so friendly and the service is quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude staff . waited for 45 minutes for our order while everyone in our group finished their bagels . got yelled at for asking what happened to our order . turns out they screwed up . who cares if the bagels are halfway decent when you 're treated like that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big fan . new york style bagels done well . great breakfast sandwich options . coffee leaves something to be desired but no complaints otherwise . will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been emotional over bagels before , but i got emotional over these . absolutely beautiful , chewy , golden and amazing . i tried the arugula and salmon which was delicious and their pumpernickel pastrami was to die for . highly recommend ! $ 1 for a plain bagel ? worth going to wisconsin for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite restaurant in town . this is what a bagel should be - hand rolled , boiled , and baked for a hard crust with chewy interior . try the chimichurri cream cheese ! try the g ! try it all ! a little pricy but it 's high quality food right on the square so complaining about that seems misguided . you want a cheap breakfast sammy , go to mcdonald 's or bagels forever ( no shade on either of those establishments ) . lines can be long on the weekend . staff is all about their business , which i appreciate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bagels and a nice spread of sandwiches . really a nice place to visit for breakfast and a great location near the capital building . also a great place to pickup some bagels and take home for breakfast with the family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pumpernickel bagels . outside of nyc , it is so f-ing hard to get a pumpernickel bagel to go with lox . but madison 's gotham bagels got it done . and reasonable pricing too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! ! ! try the specialty sandwiches ! ! very good with fresh squeezed orange juice . gotham is a great alternative to long breakfast waits or pricey brunches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always had great service and excellent , yummy bagels . i love the super everything with salmon cream cheese ... which they also make fresh . be hungry though as they serve monster portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've spent a bunch of time in nyc and tried quite a few bagel shops in manhattan and brooklyn . gotham in madison definitely holds their own . the texture and chewiness are right on . my mouth is watering right now thinking about my last gotham sandwich - spanish harlem on super egg . the contrast and balance of smoky pulled pork , tart pickle , tangy mustard , creamy swiss , and salty capocollo inside the crispy chewy bagel rocked my world . best of all , the tender pulled pork has all the crunchy burnt bits and spice rub you find in authentic southern bbq . mmmm ... . keep up the good work gotham ! ! ! note : this review pertains to the new park street store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people running the register are so extremely rude . service is terribly slow , and you constantly see people behind you getting served before you . my girlfriend got an egg bagel and i ordered a normal bagel and cream cheese . surprisingly , her 's was done before mine was , and i realize after the fact that i saw it sitting there ready to serve for five or ten minutes before anyone put cream cheese on my bagel to complete our order . they were also extremely rude to my friend and when he tried to use his debit card ( on a $ 5 order ) the guy asked him if he had cash instead . who does that ? he eventually accepted the card so obviously it was n't against policy or anything . never again will i go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gotham bagels did finally get back to me , after we wrote a long letter with our complaints . the owner called me back and told me he 'd left me a voice-mail ( which i never got ) , that they 'd fired the terrible employee , and that he 'd give me a gift certificate to try to make up for my bad experience . so . at least they tried to remedy the situation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was told my wait would be an hour , i left and came back an hour later . iv been sitting here for over 45 min and my car was just pulled into the bay ... good thing i left for the first hour because who knows how long i 'll be here now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not really happy with the service today . i was here at 745 in line , 3rd person . my truck still has n't been taken care of yet . but four people behind our already gone . young man told me 30 mins . guess it doesnt pay to come in early . its just to remove a nail , last time i was here 20 mins .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so very disappointed . i 've been a discount tire customer for 15 years and have gone to the same location for all of those years . we recently just moved near this location and i was excited that they were close to my house . i visited them this past saturday for a simple tire rotation . i dropped it off at 1pm and received a call at 3:30 with the news that they had broken 6 of the 12 studs between my two rear wheels . i scrambled to make arrangements to get the vehicle towed to the dealership before the end of the day . today i called discount to get to the bottom of it and was basically told that they wo n't claim responsibility and that they must have been previously damaged or weakened . now i have a $ 450 dollar bill to deal with . once again , i am so very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to discount tire last week for my bf last week . he had taken his car to big o tires first who told him the tire could n't be fixed and that he needed to buy 2 new tires . they are a special size tire . he called discount tire and spoke to johnny who got them ordered and delivered by the afternoon . i brought it there for him and johnny assisted me . great customer service skills and on it ! . i came back after going to eat lunch and he asked if my bf was available to call . johnny advised him he was able to save the tire and plug it . also that he did n't need 2 new tires . johnny saved us some money for sure . we appreciated that he was honest and advised that the tire could be fixed and no need to buy 2 tires . discount has our business for ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to keith and the front desk staff for your high quality of customer service and timely service . i would highly recommend this team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "offered us water which was super nice . it goes a long way . work very well and have great prices . i 've come here a couple times and wo n't go anywhere else . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this store could not have been nicer or more accommodating . having no appointment on a saturday afternoon , we stopped to see if they could help with a slow leak in our tire . within a little over an hour our tire was fixed - at no charge ! ! keith and the rest of the staff were so friendly and helpful . i would definitely return for future tire needs and would highly recommend this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in twice with flat tires in the last month and both times the service was excellent . they 're quick to get me in and out and they 're friendly and helpful . definitely will keep coming back for my tire needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of spending a valuable saturday afternoon waiting for this store to fix their mistake . i bought 4 new tires a week ago and they decided to only install 3 . when i brought this to their attention their response was `` i do n't know how that could happen '' i can think of one !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great first experience . all the staff were courteous and helpful . i asked if they could patch a tire or replace the 2 rears . they patched it and called in 40 mins no charge . i 'll be back in a month to replace all 4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to discount tire for years . i 've usually had great service and i 'm used to them not having my tires in stock . usually they work it out and offer me the comparable tire for the same price or offer to have the tire sent . not today . no offer and could n't take the 25 dollar difference off . pretty disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these guys are on it ! i was out of there in less than 20 minutes on a saturday morning . the entire crew was friendly and super quick . great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and price from bill and andrew for a sit of michelin pilot super sports for my 2013 cts-v .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very courteous and efficient staff , fast and friendly service , very clean and presentable waiting area . also has online reservation service which is most convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has become progressively worst over the years . do n't bother making an appointment because they will not honor it as hey will tell you there is 7 cars ahead of you . what 's he point of the appointment ? this is just the latest . hey constantly try and up sell you and on new wheels as well . will only get my tires through costco from now on . priced them out . same tires and package deal $ 100 difference . and your appointment time is honored . stay away from this location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very busy place but get a lot of work done . the only disappointment was other stores have visa card discount on tires i bought . but this store did not . have used discount tires for years and never a issue", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys always go above & beyond to take care of their customers . hardest working guys in the business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here 6 years ago and have avoided it since then . went back to buy some tires and they were great ! must have been a manager change because everything from top to bottom was much better . the tires i got did n't work well on my vehicle ( my choice , not theirs ) and they exchanged them for me without hassle . i went with their recommendation and am very satisfied.5 stars , a very , very good discount tire store ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were loaded up in our fifth wheel ready to go camping for the holiday weekend and noticed we had a bubbled tire . we called this location last minute and they got us in and out within an hour with the 4 new trailer tires we needed ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing . when i stopped by as a walk-in needing a road hazzard repair , they were already slammed . but , they worked me in anyway . i am very greatful . not only that but , they always seemed calm and in control even though the place was extremely busy , it was over 100 degrees outside and many of the other customers seemed to have attitude problems from the heat . i would like to mention `` brett '' by name . he is a huge asset to the team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great store had problem at other location called brett and he handled it with ease corrected the problem and scheduled my visit . called today and wanted to come in 3 hours early reached frank and he said no problem ! they now will get my business at this location from now on", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys go the extra mile for their customers . had some issues with a tire after getting it balanced , the gm swapped out each tire until they found the one pulling my car to the right . great crew !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service here is very good . i went in for a tire rotation and was there for 45 minutes . that was quick ! ! they also checked my spare.i 'll be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "discount is the nordstrom of the automobile industry . always willing to help , considerate , nice , attentive and customer service oriented . free tire rotation , best prices and work with you to make sure you are happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome guys working there ! they care about ease of service and speed so whether you are checking in , calling on the phone , or getting info about your car and tires they have their full attention on you . good employees that are this professional and dedicated to fixing your problems are hard to find . really appreciated brett , david , and mark getting things situated as best they could for me ! will be a loyal customer to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely delicious , said the girl that has only been once and tried one thing ... but seriously it was really good ! i could n't even wait to take a picture of a full plate ! the people are super friendly and attentive . the things that threw me off : when you come in i had no idea if i was supposed to sit myself and have someone come up to me for an order or if i was supposed to go up to the counter ... i ended up doing both : my confusion was never cleared up because the next two customers sat themselves and someone came to them and the next group went straight to the counter . but all in all its delicious and i will return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to them from a co worker i bought a 2005 ford f-150 crew cab pick up truck . i got a great truck and at a very fair price and kathleen was also so easy to work with thanks again kathleen george s gilbert az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best truck dealership in the valley . thank you zack for finding the perfect truck for my new family . steve and katt were extremely kind and helpful on the car buying process . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience ! i drove 45 minutes to look at a truck just to find out they were closed . i called before coming down and did n't get an answer ( this has happened when i called previously and then they called back ) . i figured they 'd be open on one of the busiest car buying weekends of the year . they wo n't be back until tuesday . the woman said her husband is still probably in the area and she would call him to come back . i sat around for ten or so minutes waiting for her call just for her to tell me too bad and they just wasted a couple hours out of my day . joke is on them . i was ready to buy today . lousy service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "purchased an suv from day and night for an excellent price - and a great deal with kathleen pointing me to a great place for financing . bought as a bit of a fixer upper ( 90 % cosmetic ) and its turned out quite well after the anticipated work was done ( and a few unanticipated things did pop up - but , most of it was within what i had budgeted to fix it up ! ) wish i could post a photo of the truck as it looks great with the the bumper repainted and a bit of quality time with a buffer . only downside was i thought the based on the ad was written that the full air suspension was replaced , but , it turns out only the front was and i did have to replace the rear also ( was n't cheap ... .. ) - ideally i 'd give it a 1 2 star dock but i do n't have that option . i would defiantly buy a car from here again - great folks to deal with and great customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we searched for about 1 year for a used pick up truck . we looked on ; craigslist , local auto dealers and dealers that we passed on the road . everything was ; junk , abused or overpriced . we saw an ad for a truck by day and night on craigslist . the truck looked incredible and the price was right . we called , they were very friendly , offered to meet us the next day . it 's a small family-run dealership . they were honest with the representations they made , the price was excellent & the carfax matched the details of the vehicle . we test drove the vehicle and bought it that day . in the future when looking for cars we will start with day and night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used car buying made easy ! katt and crew are super friendly , honest , and caring . just bought an excellent used car from them for my son and could not be happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove from california to look at a truck when i arrived i was pleasantly surprised the truck was even better than described katt and the crew are top notch professionals i would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gonzales sewing machine is really the best and only place to go in clark county . they 've fixed many of my machines ( both home and industrial ) and i have purchased a couple machines from them . best prices on industrial machines i 've found from any store ( new or used ) and service is really fast . they can come to you for a small fee , but i usually just bring them in , and most of the time , i can get it back later on that day . chris really knows his stuff , and has taken care of sergers , coverstitch , auto backstitch , etc for me . really , you cant beat the service , knowledge , or price . they have a huge variety of machines ( home & industrial ) for sale as well , along with irons , cutters , and lots and lots of parts", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful shop ! our first time coming here . the people are very friendly and helpful and they do quality work . i brought my dads older singer in to get checked out , it was making a terrible squeezing noise while sewing . i had it back in two days and it runs better than it ever has . so smooth , quiet and fast ! the family who owns and runs this shop has been working with sewing machines for a very long time and i would trust them with any of my machines . looking forward to having them work on our antique singer that used to belong to my grandmother . thanks again gonzalez sewing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . they really know their stuff . fixed my 40 year old viking to like new , very reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "@ gol d apparently you do n't know where you take your sewing machine to get repaired because we have never had an ernue working here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hatten saure nieren ukrautschopf nudel bestellt .die krautschopfnudeln waren ganz ok f\u00fcr 5.20eur.die saueren nieren schwimmten im fettund das f\u00fcr 8.50eur.so oft werden wir wohl nicht mehr hingehen schade", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hier gibt es eine riesige auswahl an essen , trinken und guter laune . man ist hier immer bem\u00fcht das es einem gut geht . bei sch\u00f6nem wetter ist draussen immer ein buntes v\u00f6lkchen vorhanden , mit dem man sich bestens unterhalten kann .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "immer wieder treffen wir uns mit familienmitgliedern oder freunden zum essen im tsv steinhaldenfeld . am wochenende ist eine reservierung zu empfehlen . jedoch wurden wir immer sehr freundlich und schnell bedient , auch wenn im nebenzimmer kleinere familienfeiern statt fanden . bisher hats jedem geschmeckt , egal ob ein kleines gericht oder ein gro\u00dfes . die karte l\u00e4sst kaum w\u00fcnsche offen ! ! im sommer sitzt man drau\u00dfen sehr sch\u00f6n . aber auch drinnen finden sich gem\u00fctlich dekorierte pl\u00e4tze , die tische sind immer liebevoll dekoriert . gerne immer wieder ! ! parkpl\u00e4tze sind manchmal etwas rar und die nachbarschaft ist sicher durch parkplatzsuchende etwas genervt . auch mit \u00f6ffentl . verkehrsmitteln kann man das lokal gut erreichen und anschlie\u00dfend noch einen verdauungsspaziergang \u00fcber die felder machen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "am sonntag waren wir im tsv ... wir sa\u00dfen drau\u00dfen auf der gepflegten terrasse . die auswahl der speisen ist wirklich gro\u00df . das personal war sehr nett , aufmerksam und sehr kompetent . das essen hat hervorragend geschmeckt , war liebevoll angerichtet und reichlich portioniert ... ganz sicher werden wir da noch \u00f6fter hingehn . so macht essen gehen freude .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier mu\u00df man viel zeit zum ausw\u00e4hlen mitbringen : um die 200 gerichte stehen auf der karte ! ob jemand vegetarier ist , nur fisch mag oder ohne steak nicht satt wird , egal . wer hier nichts findet , dem ist nicht zu helfen . die portionen sind gut , die preise okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wer die schw\u00e4bische k\u00fcche mag , ist in steinhaldenfeld gut aufgehoben . die preise sind deutlich unter dem stuttgarter niveau , vor allem der g\u00fcnstige mittagstisch \u00fcberzeugt ! das lokal ist abgelegen , aber man kann es dennoch mit der stra\u00dfenbahn gut erreichen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das tsv geh\u00f6rt zum restaurant remstal ( siehe beschreibung ) . da dieses am montag ruhetag hat , gibt es im tsv steinhaldenfeld daf\u00fcr am montag das gro\u00dfe buffet f\u00fcr 8,80 euro pro nase ( 4,40 euro f\u00fcr kinder ) . essen bis der arzt kommt und was das kalt-warme buffet hergibt : suppe , fischplatte , cordon bleu , filetspitzen , geschnetzeltes , salate , dessert , k\u00e4se etc . reservierung pflicht ! ! ! ! die betreiber bieten auch catering partyservice an . dann kommen die k\u00f6stlichkeiten zu ihnen nach hause . auch bei den gerichten a la carte stimmen preis-leistung ! erfreulich zudem der nette service und das gute timing : jeder am tisch bekommt das essen zur gleichen zeit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "am sonntag waren wir ( 4 personen ) zum mittagessen in steinhaldenfeld . da die sonne schien setzten wir uns in den biergarten . sofort kam die bedienung und legte ein tischtuch auf und brachte uns die speisekarten . wir bestellten vier verschiedene gerichte die nach angemessener zeit alle zusammen serviert wurden . alle gerichte waren handwerklich sehr gut gemacht , die portionen gro\u00df bis sehr gro\u00df ! das preisleistungsverh\u00e4ltnis ist sehr gut . die bedienung war aufmerksam und h\u00f6flich ohne l\u00e4stig zu werden . rundherum ein sehr gelungenes sonntagmittagessen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waren mit dem gutscheinbuch hier.bei gutem wetter kann man sch\u00f6n draussen sitzen , bedienung sehr freundlich , essen ok aber nicht herausragend.auswahl auf karte ist riesigmeiner ansicht nach zu viel.peis leistung war absolut in ordnung . wiederholung nicht ausgeschlossen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was introduced to this detail shop when i purchased one of their groupons . i 've been back at least a half dozen times . kendall and his crew do an excellent job . attention to detail is unrivaled and customer service is very good . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought two detailing services on groupons . apparently you get what you pay for ! i was very disappointed . i called after 4 hours and my husbands car had n't been touched ! i dropped off the car at 1100 , it was n't ready until 5:00 . it was sorta clean , bugs were still on the hood , grill and lights . they were suppose to wash and wax the car . i guess they waxed the bugs as well . very disappointing . i was suppose to take my car in to have it done . i will eat the money i paid for the `` detailing '' . i can wash and wax my car myself !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they do a nice job detailing and for the price it cant be beat", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kendall and his team deliver excellent customer service and know how to make a used car look new again . this is my third time having my car detailed by them and i will continue to return . i 'm a nanny and my car gets really dirty and they are able to get out stains and dirt that i have n't been able to remove . kendall also was very kind in squeezing me in last minute . i recommend trying this place out ! they are fair , courteous , professional and deliver a great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , i went here yesterday for my 2pm appointment . luckily , there is a paninis within a 5 minute walk of this place . i went and hung out at paninis until 4 , only to come back and see they had n't even started on my car . i was really annoyed but the owner was apologetic and ensured that they would do my car quick without skimping on the quality . well , my car looks and smells great . i took off one star for the delay but workmanship is 5 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently had my inground pool liner replaced . we worked with tom at alpine in allison park . he was so helpful guiding us through the entire process . we worked with him when our pool was originally installed , 13 years ago . he brings tremendous experience and professionalism to the job . i have already referred several people to him and would n't hesitate to work with him again ! the installers did a fantastic job . they were fast , professional and reliable ! they do great work here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a wonderful experience with matt and tom from alpine pools ! both were very knowledgeable about their products and were able to answer all of our questions . we did our homework and visited a few other stores in the area but we came back to alpine because of the great price and all of the inclusions ! they have a full service department right on site and they are one of the only retailers in the area that can provide this ! i would 100 % recommend them to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel like every time i come to this panda the food is hard , dry and very over cooked . they never have fresh food out and they are never willing to make more food , so if the food that 's left is n't enough for your meal that 's still all you get . the bad part is i love panda but i tried the panda at chandler mall & it was amazing the meat pretty much melts in your mouth it 's way better by far . if you do n't mind the drive go to a different one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a bad place for some quick asian food . the orange chicken and general tso 's chicken are great . i always go for the half and half fried rice and chow mein . the only thing that is weird are the amount of questions you get asked at the end . no joke , it 's 5 questions that i am sure they have to ask , but the answer is always no . after a while , it 's almost comical because they keep adding questions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would n't be writing about this if i did n't notice that 90 % of panda expresses do this : 1 employee ratio per 10 customers = a disaster waiting to happen . please please please employ more people . it is not cool to wait 15 minutes to order , especially when it 's fast food . i feel bad for the 1 employee that is supposed to get make food and ring up 10 customers all at once . by himself . 1 person handling the drive thru alone is just cruel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely great customer service from sheetal ! she was very patient with us , let us taste multiple foods to decide what we wanted , made us fresh food after 8pm instead of saying they were out of it for the day , put all the soy sauce and sweet n sour sauce in our bag without us even asking , was very sweet and friendly and smiling . i wish more businesses had workers and customer service like her . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted a quick and easy dinner for a late night . we 've always had good luck with panda . to start of this bad experience , claudia had the worst attitude and very poor customer service skills ; from the eye rolls and the tone of her voice she should not be allowed to interact with customers . the cashier was friendly . the food was ok . some of the chicken was really dry and some of it was really saucy so it was very inconsistent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their customer service sucks there . every time we decide to go their i hope different people are working there . today the orange chicken was bla . not impressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst panda express i have ever set foot in the employees are rude the food was under cooked and for complaining i was kicked out of the store if i could give zero stars i would", "score": "1"}
{"review": "typical panda . all the food looks so amazing and then you get it home and its just eh . could do worse with a quick meal , but i always leave feeling so dissatisfied with the food . service was quick and friendly , so no complaints at all with staff . but unfortunately service is only part of the picture , and pushing $ 10 for lunch i have higher expectations .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband went to get us dinner and when he got home was missing my sons order , which was a bowl . he was charged for it on the receipt . i used to work fast food , it 's not hard to give people all of their food ! and of course , just like everyone else said , no answer when i tried calling them about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "unfortunately this is the closest panda express to us and it is n't always great like it should be . not being racist , but from getting panda for years i 've noticed the asians are a lot more stingy with giving food than everyone else . that is the case here , and while the food always tastes great , it would be nice to get the amount we deserve when paying so much for it . also half the time at this place i have to wait several minutes for an entree . that means the lines are generally longer and take forever to get to the end . luckily i know not all locations are like this which is why i still gave it 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "people are so quick to post bad stuff , well here 's the good stuff that i 'm so eager to post ! ! ! this is the best panda express i have been to yet ! ! ! great customer service ! ! ! very generous on portion of the food ! ! ! they ran out of certain item we wanted . what 's left of what we want was really small amount , the lady gave it to us to try anyway . very nice lady i think her name is sheetal ... we need more people like her in food service customer service . great place to be eating some good quick chinese food . everything looks really fresh ! ! ! we will return ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is your typical panda express ; the food is predictably good - the same predictable food you will get at any other panda express . nothing to write home to mom about ; but so much healthier than the typical fast-food joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you know what , fancy-pants ? when is the last time that you came to panda express , ate , and left saying to yourself `` oh my god that is not what i was expecting , ugh , i wan na barfcakes all over '' ? no . you have n't . you know why ? because panda is just fine . it is what it is , and you know exactly what you 're getting yourself into . there are much better options for chinese nearby , and some crazily good authentic stuff that i 'm sure readers of my reviews are intimately familiar with . but sometimes , you just want to swing by , grab a bit , and be on your merry way . this is fast food , people . and as far as fast food goes , it 's fuckin ' delicious . so get off your high horses , drink yourself into a good hangover , and go eat a big ol ' meal here . then come at me with your two-star ratings . yeah . that 's what i thought .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always want to like panda express . they 're friendly , nice establishment , conveniently located- but the food always leaves me disappointed", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if it 's a bit of fancy dancy party or evening wear you 're looking for then you could do a lot worse than have a look in here . whistles is probably better known for targeting an older female market , but when i saw the sale signs in the window my general female radar zoned in and i found myself rummaging through the rails . i have to say , the dresses are lovely and i would wear loads of them . i think they 're targeting a bit of a younger audience these days and it seems to be working , i had a quick scout around the store and most of the shoppers looked under 35 . well done whistles ! give it a go , even if you are a bit younger , you might just find a little gem !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish first of all i had a job that i had a uniform allowance ( like an airhostess ) then i 'd be in here every single week buying large amounts of pressed , smart casual clothes . located on the very fitting george street it 's an institution when it comes to upmarket high street even if it does seem to be for the older market a wee bit . the shop front is simple and stylish and the window dressers do a good job with their ever changing outfits . staff are friendly and helpful with no glimpses of snobbery however the prices beg to differ to this attitude . as the attire is good it 's not realistic in a young persons wardrobe but perhaps we all need to do some growing up at some point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great quality clothes , just dont expect not to pay for the quality ! the prices are quite outrageous but the service is friendly and helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no frills ricey indian . meh . great spot for that sweet mango yogurt drink . wishing they were still in tempe ; magic lost since the move up here . # stingy on the meat . if they run out , they 'll give you extra rice . what ? ! # i 'm not an expert on indian , but that rice is soggy for my taste . my indian friends say it must cook for hours to absorb the flavor , but they also say it should not be mushy like that . -- but that mango yogurt drink is a mean , sweet , beautiful thing . go for it . # wishing that when you ask for a 20 on the 1-5 spiciness scale , that they 'd give it a bit more effort .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best place for chicken dum biryani . other non-veg dishes are good . menu is small but covers most of the basic dishes . very cheap also . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . i was in from out of town and i 've recently become a vegetarian . they had a great selection of indian food for me and my carnivore friend to chose from . i highly recommend this place and will come here again the next time i 'm in phoenix", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible.. ! ! ! just one word.. did n't like the food at all . fell sick after eating the crappy biryani . this is not the franchise of bawarchi..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here was good ! we really loved the naan . we would have given the place 4 stars , but we knocked it down a star because the price is a bit much for a vegetarian meal and counter service . the vegetarian options were around the same price as the meat options . garbanzo beans and lentils are much cheaper than lamb and beef !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i waited for atleast 2 visits and 4 dishes before i wrote this review . i believe we have a winner . go to this place for the food and food alone . this is not a place for dining out , neither the location nor the ambience inside point to that . it is great for take out ( they serve pretty quickly so not much of a wait ) prices are reasonable , the staff is friendly and the food is tasty . i have had the daal , aloo gobhi , andhra chicken and gosht biryani . all good . i will be back to sample the rest .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wld give 0 ... the worst hospitality i have ever seen.. ordered biriyani but had to wait for 45 mns . u can find better restaurants..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to most places in phoenix , and this the only place in town where u get real biriyani , ( in the name of biriyani many cook masala rice ) i would definitely recommend them for any mughal cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived 4:30 pm ( the door was opened with a chair ) and the owner was laying on the chairs with his feet up on the table , in the dining room , on the phone and told us they 're closed until 5 pm . i ca n't say anything about their food but i can say their service is atrocious . good luck to those who come here in the future , i hope they clean the tables for their guests sake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's not your typical restaurant with great ambience , very basic seating has a good variety . i would recommend the chicken dum biriyani and chicken special biriyani preferably for pickup . it comes with raita ( yogurt with onions and cucumber ) and some kind of gravy ( i 'm not sure what it is ) guess it 's salan ( gravy of peanuts , chilli , has a bunch of other spices ) generally served with dum biriyani . as my search for dum biriyani continues in az , this place scores better than most.the biriyani is not very spicy on the palate and will not give you a hard time the next morning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best place for dum biryani in phoenix . in fact best biryani i have even had in this country . unfortunately other restaurants all have their own versions of biryani and call it as traditional dum biryani .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times . the service is n't the best ( usually only 1 or 2 employees constantly on the phone or running around ) , but we 've always taken it to go . it 's usually about 25-40 mins depending on how busy they are . we 've had the chicken tandoori , chicken tikka masala , masala dosa , garlic naan , and others . the naan can be hit or miss ; tonight it was rather dry and crispy . the various sauces that come with the dosa are about average . i 've never had an issue with missing items in my to go order , but i was double check the bag for any take-out order . i 'll continue to go back , as they provide great value for the food price points . if you do n't want to drive to scottsdale or up to pinnacle peak and pay 2x as much , then i recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite place . authentic indian food and a great price . the employees are very friendly and the food is delicious . so far i 've tried the lamb palak and chicken koorma . i ca n't decide which was more delicious . i see some of the reviews about cleanliness but it 's as clean as any other fast food . and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lover of biryani ? ? are you in town ? ? ? if you do n't eat biryani here then consider you wasted yourselves for not having biryani here . lamb biryani and ulavacharu chicken biryani are the best . they taste like authentic hyderabadi biryani . i strongly recommend lamb biryani .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst worst customer interaction . we order veg biryani and got egg-biryani . on same day around 9:30pm i called them but no one picked up . next day i went and returned egg biryani and got arrogant reply from owner . very bad customer satisfaction . me too offered biryani money as a tip for rude behavior . please double check the order before taking parcel ... . and hopefully you will not become victim of surprising parcel and rude customer interaction ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "trying a few traditional dishes . the food is pretty good but make sure it 's to go . not an attractive place to eat . paper plates and plastic forks and spoons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only and only thing about this place is the thumsup cans available here . i 've ordered a chicken spl biryani and chicken tikka kabab . the biryani was extremely bland and i had to search for the damn chicken in it . the only way i can describe the tikka kabab is pieces of boiled ( one or two semi boiled ) chicken with red paint and some kind of everest masala sprinkled on them . i went upto the serving lady and asked her to add something to make it tastier and guess ehat she does ! ? she sprinkles red chilli powder on them and gives it to me . i enjoyed the boiling heat outside this place better . 0 stars", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can only comment on the non-meat portions of the menu , but everything is very good and spicing levels are seemingly authentic . everything is quite creamy buttery when ordered , like dosa , samosa , and the curries , and therefore quite rich . their masalas , chutnies , sambar , etc . and curry sauces are all quite good . naan is medium sized . i would recommend methu vada , idli , masala dosa , if you like southern indian foods , the sambar is very good with it . navaratna koorma , aaloo palak and some of the best among veg curries . biryani is good , but i am used to singaporean malaysian tamil style where they serve on a banana leaf with a bowl of curry sauce , and without this briyani always seems dry to me , though theirs is quite good for this style . rice pudding is inexpensive , and very good , when available . counter cafe style , well spiced recipes for a mostly indian clientele , quick service , very well priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in and was greeted by a very pleasant and helpful manager named jay . we put in a large order of butter paneer masala and naan for a party , it was a hit . delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently good flavors , tried many items on the menu and enjoyed all of them . ambiance is nothing to brag about ( hence the loss of a star ) , great for take-out . food from here is a staple in our house !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as bad as it gets ... .biryani is just average ... u can get better biryani in kabob palace or chennai fusion in chandler and chennai chettinad or mayuri palace in north phoenix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for the outstanding and friendly service . the spinach deep fired was awesome . i did not care for the chicken ( some number ) . i will definately go back for the rice `` pooding ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indian takeout in the north phoenix scottsdale area . this place is almost a- hole-in-the-wall eatery . they have a good selection of south and north indian food . owner is friendly and quality of the food is decent . quantity is huge and price is reasonable for phoenix . they make up with what they they have any given day , so do n't complain if they substitute meat with rice.. : - ) best dum biryani in the region . will definitely recommend if you know what you want and are not looking for service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's usually a good indicator if everyone behind the counter making your food is wearing a sari . this is a very good , authentic indian food place . i also like that it 's a walk up counter ( so you do n't have to tip the waitstaff ) . they have tables there but i usually get my order to go during lunch and it 's always pretty fast . i like the dal with garlic nan or butter chicken . it 's nose running spicy but it fills me up and warms my soul..aaaaah .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , friendly service - love their spices - chicken tikka masala always great - i ask for extra chicken . not a great eat-in but super for pickup if you live close by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this places is frequented by my colleagues a lot , so thought to try it once . i ordered bhindi fry , navratna kurma for take out . received order very quickly . food was very bad in taste . they had cucumber and egg plant in navratna kurma , never had such a kurma . gravy of kurma was taste less . also for $ 8 , i would expect a bigger portion of vegetable . even bhindi fry was very bad , my wife hated it . when checked with friends , they suggested trying some hydrabadi chicken or biryani . the sauce served is awesome . looks like this place is good for non vegetarians , but would not recommend this place for veggies . last but not least , complimentary rice , which is standard with all indian restaurant here , was half cooked . ca n't believe all three dishes were tasteless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally a great place for curry near me right off the 51 ! have gone here several times and always impressed . i cant waiver from the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan , but thank god my gf gets the palak paneer so i can get another awesome flavor change . i am yet to see another white person in there when i go so you know its authentic , but very clean and professional . small inside so we normally get it to go and there has never been a mistake made", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would prefer they raise prices and use high quality chicken . the spices and sauce are very very good , the meat needs an upgrade . i may just order the sauces and put it on a nice organic chicken . the people inside are very friendly and the place has a nice feel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best veggie biryani hands down ! ! ! mouth watering aroma and same great taste with exact right proportions of spices every time . can never go wrong with this biryani.reminds me of the famous biryani from paradise restaurant in hyderabad . reasonable price as well - for 9 $ you get more than enough for 2 people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally do not review , and having worked in food service before , i do my best to give the benefit of my doubt to the restaurant . but my experience taking out food involved chicken bones where there was n't supposed to be any and inedibley salted dishes . the only things we could eat we 're the mango lassi and plain rice . avoid going .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "andhra chicken curry and palak paneer r the best", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm normally not one to criticize but had to write because i had the worst customer service experience ever ! ! ! ! very rude owner and the place was so dirty ! ! ! will never go back again and would never recommend anyone to go there period ! there are plenty of other good indian food options in the area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great takeout , love the chicken tikka marsala . we 're fans !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is was good and cheap . everything else like customer service , cleanliness etc is 1 5 . multiple times i them to separate out the potatoes in the dosa for take out so it does n't get soggy ( they do it 1 2 the time and the other half i get a dirty look if i make them do it . sometimes they will forget to give the items that come with the order in take out . since the younger guy showed up the quality and quantity of food ( esp . the biryani ) has gone down . this is depressing because the food initially was incredible good and price was cheap . with they few changes they could have been the indian restaurant in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "may be a bad day to get chicken tikka kebab , chicken kebabs looked like they have been sleeping for days in the freezer and then got a chance to get into the plate what they call kebab.heard the biriyani is good there ... but i think i am not in a mood to try my luck again ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place if you are craving for authentic indian food . do n't expect attractive ambience or special arrangements , better for pick ups . i tried chicken dum biriyani , chicken tikka masala and garlic naan , and my taste buds were satisfied for sure ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is fantastic . customer service is good and they are very friendly . try the chicken masalla .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dum biryani is hard to find in phoenix and this is the only place i know that sells hyderabadi dum biryani . i tried the veg biryani and egg biryani and they taste good . sometimes the gravy that accompanies the biryani is watery . the egg biryani is especially good when made separately with what they call special biryani rice . but sometimes they just include a boiled egg with the veg biryani and call it the egg biryani . i 've tried the navratna koorma several times and it always tastes good but it is sometimes diluted . i 've also tried the paneer makhni which was very diluted , bland and had very few cubes of paneer . so you have to be careful with what you order . biryani is a safe bet , these guys are the best in the valley for biryani !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just walked in sae the owner out front smoking i walked in he followed went right behind the counter without washing his hands . i walked out olus it smelled like urine", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found a replacement place for biryani very near to this restaurant opened pastries n chaat which serves alot better food than bawarchi atleast he wont lie saying biryani is fresh and serve stale food ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not sure where the good reviews are coming from . but i will give a very honest opinion about the food . below mediocre and above bad . that will be the best i may rate this place . since when does chicken tikka masala comprise of 2 cups sauce and 5 pieces of namesake chicken ? thats not even close to a definition of proper indian food . ordered the special chicken biryani as well ( all to go order ) . 1 packet of food which was filled with biryani essenced rice ( yeah , they use essence as well.all of them do ) with 8 pieces of color plastered tasteless stir fried chicken . next comes the naan . i wont spend too much time on that because its just not worth it when the main entree is so boring and bland . trust me , if you have nothing else to eat , buy yourself a packet of ramen noodles and save yourself some money . i am not going to this eatery even if its the last restaurant on planet earth . no . seriously ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse biryani i ever had in my life because i felt sick after eating this . place is very poorly maintained . there are lot of better options in the market .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wish they had more variety of food . it is limited and i wish they actually had some good drinks too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took mutton biriyani , rice is good but the meat is stinking , got vomiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "average indian food average service . the place isnt the cleanest . however the andhra chicken and biryani were above par .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to be a good place to eat . now customer service has declined a great deal . we were there on dec 1,2015 . we were given burnt food to eat . when informed , the owner manager said , '' how can it be ? i made it in front of you only '' . he refused to acknowledge that he had not been tending to the grill all the time . he had been having a conversation with his staff , and attended a phone call too in the time our food was on the grill . instead of apologizing or offering to make another one , his attitude of defiance and defensiveness spoiled our evening . we did not want to create a scene in front of other customers . however , we are not going back there , ever . this is a family business . if this is the kind of customer service people receive , wonder how long it will continue as a family business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is mostly pretty good . not a place to dine in . small stuffy and hot , with the hot oil & burners in close vicinity to the seats . the biryani & chicken curry are good . paneer mattar ( ie. , cheese with peas ) is a waste , you get 3 pieces of paneer floating in curry or 4 if you 're lucky . being in scottsdale , decent indian food is hard to come by . so this little hole in the wall stands out ! it is on the spicy side , which is great if you like that . the big plus is ... they recently opened an indian grocery store next door . they have a good variety of spices , daals etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "poor quality worst dum biryani i ever had in my life.its like a street side food.do n't waste your money and time.there are more restaurants which serve u better biryani than this . maintanence is poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is great but the staff lacks cleaning standers and the place over all needs some cleaning . the bathroom was really dirty and you can see dry urine on the toilet seat . i saw one of the ladies cleaning it before i left but she went straight to the kitchen and started preparing food without washing her hands . but like i said , the food is really delicious and the only problem is how dirty it is .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bawarchi is awesome ! ! other than going over to your buddy 's house for a home cooked meal this is the next best thing . : ) love this food place and people . great for the family too . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this place regularly because i love biriyani.i never tried any other food except biriyani from here and i must say that the quality of biriyani is getting worse day by day.the rice they serves always half cooked .this weekend i had chicken special biriyani where the meats of that was not properly cooked too.and also it is good if you take out your food because the place is totally poor maintained .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "goat was not at all cooked and i threw five goat biryani pieces , none of them were cooked . rice was n't also good . service is too bad . if you want to maintain good health be out of this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service ever . owner thinks that he gives free food . his attitude is like he is a master chef . i ordered biryani from them and ask them to make less spicy 3 times . he totally ignored it and gave me shitty stuff . i have to feed that to old parents so they can enjoy but bawarchi just ruined it . not recommended it all..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food here is average with poor quality for example paneer butter masala was lime water with no paneer and few onions and place is not very hygenic the owner took order from folks and took payments written something on paper for phone order cleaned tables and he went to kitchen put masala stuff on the dosa with bare hands and rolled dosa with bare left and right hand . come on atleast use plastic gloves it so gross not going again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely do n't get their takeout order . should have read reviews before going in . i got lamb curry and matter paneer . lamb curry literally had 3 small piece of lamb and no more . even the matter paneer had like 4 or 5 very very small piece of paneer , rest was gravy . they should name their dishes lamb curry gravy and matter paneer gravy instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food quality has gone down a lot . biryani rice is properly cooked . highly inconsistent . take out chicken biryani had no chicken", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not sure about the previous reviews , but each to his her own . today , being valentine 's day , i wanted to get my wife a small flavorful gift is not the ordinary type gift . so since i was in and around the area of downtown willoughby , baby cakes came immediately to mind . as i parked , i saw a few people already walking out with boxes of cupcakes ! ( they opened at 11 and i was there at 11:30 ! ) i 'm wondering , `` late again john ? '' well , fortunately i was not . i exactly what i had in mind . red velvet cupcakes , my wife 's `` to die for '' treat . and a deep chocolate cupcake , w chocolate icing , topped with a chocolate dipped strawberry ! was thinking about getting one for lunch , but thought better of it . made my selections ; had them perfectly boxed ; and completed step one of this valentine 's day journey ! looking for that unique bakery treat ? be sure to check out baby cakes ! imo you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocked my world and my wedding and my belly ! i walked in , showed them what i wanted , had tons of delicious flavors to choose from , and had the most delicious wedding cake ever ! all i had to do was sign a paper and everything was taken care of ! they were courteous and professional ! i came in twice because i completely forgot what flavors i chose , but really it was an excuse to eat more yummy cupcakes ! my cake and sheet cake were both vegan and my guests had no idea because it was so delicious ! everyone was ranting and raving about the yummy cake at my wedding ! thank you guys so so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "babycakes has thee best cupcakes with a wide variety to choose from . my favorite is the chocolate cover pretzel cupcake . prices range from $ 1.95 and up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super cute , staffed well and always friendly . their cakes taste great and they have a bazillion flavors you can order from but i will never understand why they use basic whipped cream frosting - it really takes away from the taste and presentation of their cakes cupcakes . when we ordered ahead we always ask for buttercream ( which is an up charge of 0.50 or $ 1 depending on cupcakes - and per cupcake ) but honestly without the tastier icing i would not look forward to the cupcake without it . the baby shower we had there for my work peeps was great - remember ordered ahead for the buttercream - but only one flavor had been given the requested icing ... the other was whipped cream - that one we had a bunch of left overs on - the blue champagne zero leftovers ... icing speaks volumes ! for me the taste of a cake of cup is all about the icing - it starts and finishes your taste experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i feel like i 've been taken . when i signed my daughter up ... i remember asking if we could quit at anytime , i remember the answer was yes of course ... .3 months into it , it did n't work for our family and my daughter was n't interested anymore ... now 6 month 's later we 're still paying $ 175 a month and ca n't get out of it because of the contract . i 'm not buying a car -- i signed my daughter up and she did n't like it ... .so now its a $ 2100 mistake . yes , my fault for not reading the fine print ... their fault for not making it perfectly clear there was no way out and i 'd be paying for the next year regardless if she was going to classes . shame on me , shame on them . my warning before going to babin 's ata ... .do n't sign any contract .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "note to business ... .after reading these reviews , i will not be enroll long any of my children in your program ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter loves it here . she has been here for more than four years now and finally made it to black belt . it has been a great journey , one i would not trade for anything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son has been going to babin karate for kids for almost 6 months now , and we love it ! ! ! not only do they teach the techniques of taekwondo they help the children to learn when it 's appropriate to use it . ( if they 're being hurt or touched by a stranger . ) each week i fill out a report on how my son is doing outside of the lessons . they encourage and reward positive behavior and talk to the child if he is not doing what i expect of him . the staff is always smiling with tons of energy to get the kids excited and focused on the lessons of the day . i only wish i could steal some of their enthusiasm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's three barbers here ( i think ) . my guy gave me a good haircut for under twenty bucks . very speedy , but no hot foam back of neck shave at the end ( if you 're into that ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ask for michael and if you cant get him go for the girl but do not go for the other guy in there . the guy is a butcher and just like the disaster of a hair cut that i got next door at ho 's i had to use clippers at home to fix my haircut and ended up buzzing my head . he pushed too hard with the clippers and it caused me to have big red welts on my neck at a wedding which was made worse rubbing on the collar of the dress shirt . michael or the girl or do n't bother .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was walking on wellesley when i saw them open 9am on a saturday 30 mins for a great haircut and great lineup michael was an excellent barber who did n't say much except to ask whether what he did was ok and if i needed anything else done it 's great to have a barber who does exactly what you want without giving their own opinion haircut was $ 18 and lineup was $ 10 beware though there 's no debit or credit machine i 'm lucky i had $ 30 with me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michael does a great job , he is not lazy , does n't chat talk your ear over ; a polite hello , gets down to the cut , you pay and we both move on with our day . great spot in the village .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my bf and i told michael to make my bf handsome and he did n't hesitate and work with what he had . he was very attentive to details and he took his time ( layer by layer ) . at the end he turned my bf to me and asked if he 's handsome now lol . i think he did a pretty good job overall for a $ 18 hair cut before tips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this subway ! the food is always made just the way i want it and the staff has always been very nice and efficient . they will always have my business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good subway . the service here is fantastic , and do n't let the long lines deter you . the lines move quickly . tastes like any other subway ( and i 've been to a bunch ) . you can get in and out quickly at any time of the day . i go here often for lunch , and have never had a bad experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague . it 's too bad that this location is the most conveniently on the way to my job . i literally walk past this subway 5 times a week . even at 1:15pm it 's never packed there for lunch and the reason why is because their sandwiches stink . when i say gross i mean that the standards for food are as low as the standards for cleaning . the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful . the do n't care about making a good sandwich nor do they care about keeping the place clean . what a wreck . as some one who eats at subway 3 times a week i feel entitled to my opinion , avoid this subway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came to shoku ramen-ya at the suggestion of a friend who displaced to las vegas . shoku ramen is next door to and has the same owners as bachi burger ... i ordered the lobster ramen which has both pork and lobster . while the ramen might stand on its own fine in vegas , it does n't rate against the better ramen shops back in hawaii ( yotteko-ya , gomaichi , etc ... ) in simple terms , the pork was not nearly as tender as i am used to , and i thought the broth was good but not great . i would compare the broth to lucky belly 's back home -- nothing special ... the next time i am craving ramen in vegas , i will try another spot ... mahalo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty solid ramen place . the ni tamago was delicious too bad you have to pay to add it on , but that 's how they pretty much all are . the noodles are great too . they are n't the really thin ones . they are thicker curly chewy ones . which i prefer . the broth was a lot thinner then i was used to . i ordered the miso . towards the end of the bowl it did get a little salty , but overall pretty good . the pork was also different . i 'm used to the pieces that just literally melt into the broth , but this pork was thicker and meatier and stayed put together . the pork was flavored decent , but i think some other ramen places in town have more strongly flavored pork . overall i 'd say this is the 3rd best ramen place in town . but it 's down the street from my house so i 'll probably come here more often than my other favorite two . = ) also service was very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad ... but not the best . and for the price , there are some in the chinatown area that are slightly better . not that this place is bad by any means . we were very excited to have a legitimate ramen spot in the area . the bacon fried rice is amazing . the only gripe i had about this place was the pork cuts are a little thick , which may just be their style . it does give it more flavor , it just was n't something i look for in my ramen . overall very good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not impressed with their ramen . the seating area was clean and the server was friendly . quality of ramen was nothing that great . i did like how they had a pitcher of water on the table . simple menu . i caught a quick glimpse of the person preparing our food in the kitchen and saw him popping something in his mouth while he was chopping or whatever he was prepping . lets just say its cool if it 's your mother or friend chopping up a cucumber in your kitchen and they nibble while preparing your salad , not so cool if its a random stranger in a restaurant . yuck ! first and last time we 'll be eating here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite ramen house . love the atmosphere , great friendly attentive staff . great music . love the very tasty flavorful spicy miso , the broth is so good i cant wait to eat it again . chasu was perfect melts in your mouth . the bamboo shoots has a good texture and you can taste the sesame in it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst ramen i 've ever had . noodles were awful , broth was bland and boring in one dish and too spicy in another dish . waitress also could n't communicate the menu properly and did n't say that the ramen i ordered would have shaved chilies in it . only reason i gave it stars is because the restaurant had a nice ambiance and the other waitress seemed attentive to her customers . also it took forever to get the check . never going back . should have eaten at the burger place next door like we had originally planned before seeing this crappy ramen place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ramen is great ! ! tea is amazing ! ! ! ! and their takoyaki is the buisness great place to go and eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome awesome ! ! ! the bacon fried rice is to die for ! ! ! ! ! just get it without the fish sauce.. there is no reason for fish sauce in fried rice . i had the tonkotsu ramen and loved it.. wish it had a bit more flavor but i added a bit of soy sauce and now im addicted ! ! ! i crave the fried rice everyday now : ) 2 thumbs up ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though they have only been open for a week ... they do have some work to do . the broth was lacking ... traveling to japan and having ramen i 've never wanted to add anything to it as it was perfect . me and my other half however needed something in that broth as it was bland.. good but not as flavorful . the pork was a little disappointing . it was very meaty but not the normal melt in your mouth chashu . the gyoza and garlic bacon fried rice was on point though ! what is even cooler is that it is owned by the bachi burger company and you can get a side of the pickled garlic which is my absolute favorite ! ! i would come back only if i was too lazy to drive to spring mountain because this is located down the street from my house . not sure if i would bring my family who are ramen lovers as well until i see that it has some changes.. but it 's only the beginning , everything changes with openings of restaurants !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend and i decided to try this place out since bachi burger is connected to this place . we came here for lunch and i 'm going to tell you , the servers did n't look happy . not a place i will eat again for ramen . broth was salty and not enough broth !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ramen place close to home on a cold , vegas evening ? we were promptly greeted and seated , given menus , a huge carafe of water , and were left to figure out what we wanted to eat . my friend and i both ordered the spicy miso , which had a piece of chasu , nori , and a few other things that i ca n't pronounce . the broth was hearty , however it was a bit different which i ca n't seem to pinpoint with my tastebuds . it was a good meal and will come back if i feel lazy to drive all the way to chinatown or bachi burger is too crowded : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure about the other reviews but i really enjoyed the ramen here . the service was great as well . definitely will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought shoku was good and similar to the other ramen places on the other side of town . the interior is very hip and the waitstaff are very friendly . i had the tonkotsu ramen which was tasty . i wish they had shoyu ramen too but i enjoyed my colorful bowl or ramen . my only tiny complaint is i wish the ramen was a tad hotter , but otherwise i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was amazing . i love ramen but this is not my go to place for ramen . the ramen seem like something that you can get in stores . drinks the bartender made were great and his service was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing apps , the ramen was not enjoyable at all . however great ambiance and nice wait staff . again . apps were absolutely incredible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i arrived there were two large parties and two others in front of me . i waited 10 minutes for the host to even acknowledge i had walked in the door , and take down our name . we waited 45 minutes to be seated and it was another 20 minutes to get our order . i had the miso ramen and my boyfriend ordered the spicy miso . we were so disappointed by the lack of flavor and small portions of meat in each of our meals . this experience reinforces my beliefs to stick to what i know is good and not venture out to other options in town . do n't waste your time coming here for anything ramen related .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is the shiznit . stop reading everyone 's reviews and just go . you wo n't be disappointed , i promise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place but my favorite dish is the spicy miso ramen but they changed the way they made it about a month ago and now to me and my wife it 's not as good as it was . please change it back so we can continue to keep telling people about this fabulous place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had high hopes of a noodle shop opened by the guys who did bachi burgers . came to try this place out to compare against fukumimi and monta . should n't have bothered . the broths were so salty , the wife and i had 3 glasses of water each to go with . noodles were ok , cooked to an al dente , but the broth is what makes a good bowl of ramen , and theirs is certainly lacking . also had a yummy order of the chicken wings , which were served with some sort of aioli dip . perhaps they should consider a fried chicken shop instead ... because these were delicious . it 's a decent eatery , but i probably wo n't be returning as there are better options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went in here , because we initially wanted to go to the restaurant next door..and it was a 30 min wait . we ordered a spicy miso ramen , bbq rice and chicken karaage . after going to numerous ramen houses , this place surprised me . they gave me 4 pieces of chicken wings , when i ordered chicken kaarage ( $ 6-7.50 , i forget exactly how much it costs ) . they are priced a bit more than what i am use to paying for ramen , the ambiance did n't fit what you pay for . the place was covered up with too much stuff . the quality of food was excellent , and it had subtle and yet very flavorful taste . if you are paying for the experience , the food is there but the surroundings needs some work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my new favorite place ! we live right near here so we were very excited to see a new restaurant pop up in that half empty building . the people here are friendly and very helpful with menu choices . the spicy miso is my favorite dish . i took my family here on christmas and new year 's eve !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stan is the slovenian man ! he does great work . mostly does west side but travels all over . hes a great dude . 24 7 service . even works weekends ! roto-rooter eats ass ... .call stan instead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drippy drippy drip a plumbing emergency ? stan will clean your pipes . i have used main man plumbing service many times over the years for cleaning tree roots from sewer lines , running new water lines , replacing hot water tanks , basically , all sorts of plumbing emergencies . stan , a master plumber who i believe is the owner , is always punctual , professional , reasonably priced . i ca n't say much more than when you need a plumber -be it a leaky faucet or a major disaster , i 'd give main man plumbing a call . sorry mr. rooter , ( who wanted to charge me $ 500 to snake a sewer line ) and as for roto-rooter , who spams this site constantly , you are not winning over anyone with your pathetic attempts to use this site for advertising . stan the man is the way to go . honest , clean work , always on time . carry on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stan was polite and professional until he received my money then he became rude and uncooperative about fixing his mess . many of the items that were incomplete were code issues . he rushed to get the job done in one day , not only did he leave many important items undone , he caused extensive water damage to my kitchen ceiling which ultimately had to be replaced . never would i recommend this man . honestly , i feel ripped off and if i did n't have to apply one star i would give none !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seitdem es diesen real gibt , gehe ich hier auch einkaufen . was mir in der letzten zeit nicht so gut gef\u00e4llt , ist , dass immer wieder umgebaut bzw . das sortiment umger\u00e4umt wurde , so dass man oft die sachen nicht wieder findet . auch hat man bestimmte sachen , die vorher zusammen waren und auch zusammen passten , jetzt auseinander sortiert . so steht zum beispiel das kn\u00e4ckebrot zwischen den s\u00fc\u00dfigkeiten , wo es eigentlich nicht hingeh\u00f6rt . es sollte zum brot sortiert werden . auch mit anderen sachen ist das teilweise so . auch wird seit monaten wohl lt . personal zwischen real-kauf und einigen herstellern mit den preisen verhandelt . so lange werden halt diejenigen produkte nicht angeboten , was sehr schade ist , da man hier vorher immer alles bekommen hat , was man wollte .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eigentlich fanden wir hier immer ein gutes warensortiment vor . daher hat man sich im laufe der zeit die eine oder andere lieblingsmarke zugelegt . leider m\u00fcssen wir in der letzten zeit immer \u00f6fter feststellen das die ein oder andere marke aus dem sortiment verschwunden ist . auf nachfrage k\u00f6nnen die verk\u00e4ufer einem dazu wenig sagen . nach dem wenige was man h\u00f6rt befindet sich der betreiber mit den lieferanten in preisverhandlungen . daf\u00fcr habe ich nat\u00fcrlich verst\u00e4ndnis aber wenn man sich nicht bald einigt kann es sein das wir dauerhaft auf einen andern markt ausweichen m\u00fcssen . zumal man durch eine umbauaktion , die beinahe ein halbes jahr dauerte , bei jedem besuch den markt neu erkunden mu\u00dfte . schon damals brachte eine frage an die mitarbeiter nicht immer den gew\u00fcnschten erfolg . ich w\u00fcrde gerne bleiben , da es nat\u00fcrlich auch bequem ist hier einzukaufen ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tons of tacky football sweaters : ( not so many bargain used books : ( friendly staff : ) plenty of sunday ny times : ) want the ny review of books ? show up every two weeks and fight for it : |", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my local book shop . they have good prices on their books . they have supplies for school , art , crafts . they have all the badger gear you could ever want . i find the staff helpful most of the time . there are great coupons in the bucky book or in the newspaper . it is a good good story to visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place to buy badger gear ! it 's one of my favorite places to go . i wish they had better prices . they always have things on sale , but usually they are items that are n't as popular or desirable . the best time to go there is if you have a game ticket that has a discount on the back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go here all the time . it is hands down the best taco bell i 've ever been to . they hook the food up and have never been rude . the worst that 's ever happened was just forgetting to put my sauce in the bag , but that 's about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drive thru can be slow during peak times , but they 're friendly and doing their best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never seen a line like the one at taco bell when the bars let out . insanity .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location has been improving . the service used to be horrible here , and i hated going here , but now , this is slowly becoming my go to location . great job management ! cleaned up your act !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no judgement when i cram 20 mild sauces into my purse like an tbell addict .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be my favorite taco bell location , but ever since they remodeled , the service has not been as good and the food seems to be hit or miss . i got the new double chalupa with shredded chicken and the nacho cheese cheesy gordita crunch with shredded chicken . both of my items were made pretty good but my mom 's crunchwrap supreme had barely any beef in it even though she ordered double meat . also , the girl who took our orders was not very friendly . i will continue to go here when in the area but i will no longer be going out of my way to eat here until the service improves .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is an a-ok spot . it 's like most other chain , locals , drinking gaming bars around town . the bar area is dark and usually comprised of regulars . it 's never really crowded . the restaurant area is small and ho-hum in terms of ambiance and decor . the service , though , ( at least on tuesday nights ) is really great . the beers on draft are better than average . their menu is fairly extensive with a good number of options . and while not tasty enough to crave , it 's tasty enough to eat again . all in all , this is a decent neighborhood bar restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hunt for darts lead us here . not many places carry a dart board for some reason . it is a disappointment . i know throwing sharp objects while drunk does not sound like a safe idea . that 's okay , give me an electronic one with plastic tipped darts . just give me something . now that we have found a place to play , the drinks kept us here . a pint of beer is reasonable at $ 6 . the mix drinks are better at $ 5 . so a tab for four with food does not break the wallet . if cinnamon is working the bar area , you are in for a fun night . her style of humor is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say the customer service here is outstanding . they have an excellent crew on day shift . shannon is the bartender on days that came from half shell . she 's outstanding ! the food is good , the entire staff is friendly , and the machines are loose cause they get a lot of play . i always have a great time when i come here . this is a awesome neighborhood bar . i give them two thumbs up and a 5 star rating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i frequent this bar and i have to say the employees are some of the best i have ever encountered in a bar atmosphere . big shout out to shannon especially , she totally took care of us tonight ! i also have to show love for richard he is one of my faves ! ! love you guys ! xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the waitress are friendly , but , just a little slow . the breakfast special is priced great for what you get , but the eggs could have been done a little bit more . but , on a up note , i finally found a cook that understands what , crispy hash browns mean . over all it was not bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burgers are actually pretty good , which is the soul reason i gave two stars . the service is poor and not very friendly both at the bar and with the servers . no drink specials when we went in and they charge way too much for drinks . charged me for crown royal when i ordered well . the food is this place 's only redeeming quality and that 's not nearly enough to bring us back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for what it was the food was good . apperance was good . service took a few minutes to come over . once she greeted us things went well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yeah . when i told you we were ok with our drinks , i did n't think i would have to text your personal cell phone to get your attention because that 's where most of your attention was focused . we sat for over 15 minutes without drinks because when we hailed you down , your response was `` oh , you guys are staying ? `` gee , i thought service ended when we left the bar . i guess not . if you have a sunday afternoon free , choose a place that actually values locals and does more than comp 1 drink max . the food is good and the venue is great for sports , but at $ 6 a beer , when you can get one , i would skip kopper keg . and let me say , this is the 3rd and last try . even at different shifts , the service remains extremely poor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would have given this place a 5 star but i had to wait almsot 10 mins to get helped . so with that being said chris was out waiter . he was very helpful with deciding what to eat and he was very friendly . when the food arrived it was so delicious . i enjoyed every bite of my bacon cheeseburger . most def will be coming back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place where the locals come to hang out . plenty of tvs to watch sports .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service and food remains quite good . prices edged up a bit . many tv 's positioned around the dining area for viewing . same in the bar area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool place with an easy , laid-back atmosphere . it had a decent staff when i was there", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my neighborhood go to bars after work . tyne staff is always friendly and welcoming . i love the variety and availability of bar top machines . their selection of draught beers and ciders is standard but they have plenty . a great atmosphere is your looking for a place to relax , have a couple drinks and play some games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised on how good the food was . the sampler platter was great . wings are a good price and they are n't breaded which is really good . service was really quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always have a good time here . the bartenders are what makes this place . headlined by the best chris . many times you go somewhere and the staff has no personality . that is not the case here . chris will make you feel like this is your version of cheers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend & i always come in on thursday for drinks . i always play a maximum $ 60 or more on the machine . we ordered another round & were given a bill . the bartender was super rude & and gave us a bill . i understand my friend had to pay her bill because she was not playing.. , but i had put $ 50 in the the machine. , why did i have to pay . we will never come back . i wish i got the names of the bartenders who took over chrystals shift . .they are so rude . ive been in the gaming business forever & i would never deal with these so called bartenders . ( its a joke ) .good luck , because your going to need it.. if you want good service , go to pts pub across the street , they no how to treat regulars . kopper keg , you suck ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my dad dropped his wallet and medications out the car door . honesty running rampant within the doors , not only did a wonderful customer turn them in but , it was hand delivered to our house by a awesome staff member . food is great , as is the staff ; the dining room is my favorite here close to home ... good going everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretzel bites for the best thing ever ! chris the waiter is one of the best waiters in town . he even re opened the dining room for us one night when we came in 10 mins past closing ! very tasty for being `` bar food . '' certainly recommend and try and get chris !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just do n't do it . they get two stars because they actually clean my clothes . however , twice now i 've had weird stories about `` miscounts at drop off '' when the number of clean clothes they return to me does n't add up to the number on my original receipt . wo n't be messing with that again ! # fail", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let 's face it -- it 's out there , man . way out there . you 're not in huntersville anymore . it 's a huge plot that spans acres of land outside of huntersville and close to parts of lake norman . just outside of the 485 loop . houses many family-friendly events and others of note : warrior dash amazing maize maze ( fall ) other festivals of sorts . it 's a great spot for education , too . there are old schoolhouses , farmlands , tons of walking trails , and other nature-centric activities . check it out even when there is n't some event or other hoopla .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rural hill is a 265 acre nature preserve & farm , which is open for tours , festivals , weddings , sheepdog trails , walking , & field trips . it 's also home to the `` amazing maize maze . '' today 's visit brought milo & i here for the `` bark in the park '' festival . for the second year in a row , i 'm really impressed at the layout . festivals are held behind ( & around ) all the historical buildings on the property . there 's plenty of parking , as well . there 's so much to do here outside of festivals . it 's worth reviewing their website , or checking out a festival being held there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a tremendous hidden gem ! we visited recently during their annual sheepdog trials . yes , there is a place right outside of uptown that has annual tests of how well sheepdogs herd sheep ! before you roll your eyes , let me set the stage - imagine a giant farm area with beautiful rolling hills and forest , easily accessible with tons of parking . then add in happy couples and families , many with dogs , relaxing and watching various events . now sprinkle in a food court , beer and wine , and a pumpkin catapult . sounds good , does n't it ? this is just a really cool place - you feel like you are in the bucolic country , the views are great and it 's a lot of fun to wander around and see the various historic spots , including a functioning blacksmith studio . it 's exceptionally dog and child-friendly , which is a huge plus . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this year was our third year attending the loch norman highland games at rural hill . every year , the event and the venue have been great ! the space itself is large enough to not feel crowded , but small enough that it is difficult to get lost . the other part that has impressed me every time , is how well the staff keeps up on keeping the grounds clean . not an easy feat when you consider the number of people eating and drinking while walking through the grounds . though we have not yet taken the opportunity , we will definitely continue to consider attending other events here in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a nice location for events . just make sure you have sun lotion or a hat . not much shade so if you have or bring pets beware . we have been there a few times and enjoy it . stone soup day on january 1st is the best . what a lovely event", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i made it out to rural hill to partake in the loch norman highland games . i had never been out to this park before and getting to see it filled with spectators was great . it is my understanding that rural hill came under the charlotte-mecklenberg county park system just a few years back . and , though it is way out there from the rest of the parks , it has become a favorite for events and activities like the highland games . the ground are impeccably kept , and the views are stunning . in addition to the games i enjoyed getting a chance to see some carolina heritage activities at some of the buildings on-site . moreover , i think that the staff at the facility was perfect . i think this would be a great venue for a wedding or large party . concerts here would be great as well because of the massive amount of parking . kudos to the staff . i look forward to heading out that way again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i volunteered at warrior dash which was held at rural hill yesterday . it was a scorcher out there . i manned the beer tent and then helped with clean-up and breakdown . overall , rural hill is massive . the cabins are really nice , but i did n't have much time to peruse the historical markers and what not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had a lot of dental work done in my 34 years , and dr.tara hodges is hands down the best dentist i 've ever been to . her office is the first i have actually recommended to others . everyone is extremely friendly , and tara is enthusiastic about explaining what the issue is , what causes it , and what she 's going to do to fix it . i have had multiple cavities , a crown , and a crown with root canal at their office and i could n't be more pleased . the root canal was on my very back bottom tooth and it took a little while , tara personally called me the next day to follow up and ask how i was doing . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does n't get any better than this ! several months ago i had a dental emergency on a saturday and they were the only dental office that was open nearby . they got me in right away and were able to fix the problem immediately . the entire staff were so professional , friendly , and fun , that i immediately changed dentists and have never gone anywhere else ! they always take the time to go over every part of the procedure and provide a breakdown of the proposed treatment plan including a cost estimate . seriously , the entire staff is amazing ! always friendly . always fun . and always there to make sure everything goes smoothly . even if you have another dentist you need to come in to dr , hodges office and see for yourself . i 'll bet you switch just like i did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and a friendly staff . last dentist took a month vacation and did n't have a back up . dr hodges and her team got me in right away and always have a backup if needed . the entire staff is dedicated to great service and your family 's overall well being .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr hodges and the entire staff are amazing . from the moment you walk in they make you feel comfortable . just recently had a crown replaced , that a previous dentist did , wow what a difference . this one fits great and i had very little discomfort afterwards . dr hodges made time to call me after the procedure to check on me . this is my family 's dentist for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for a dentist that i can trust . dr hodges was recommended to me by a friend . beautiful facility , expert and friendly staff . dr hodges is absolutely fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the dental hygienists are outstanding here , dr. hodges is part time and not available for emergencies as i found out when a crown she did for me did not work out . fortunately , the full time dentist sharing the office with her was available and was of immense help in referring me to someone else . for general cleanings and fillings dr. hodges is excellent . of two crowns that i had , one resulted in success whereas the other one resulted in a root canal but an outside oral surgeon . that oral surgeon was great but could not save the tooth and it was referred to an excellent endodontist who pulled it . that tooth was expensive and painful after three procedures by as many dentists .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not going to say that i get excited to go to the dentist , but dr. hodges and the rest of the staff make the experience as pleasant as it can be . i 've had several filings and a root canal over the past couple of years and always leave the office feeling like i 'm genuinely cared for . they are honest , friendly , and caring people and i would n't go anywhere else for my dental health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr. hodges for 3 years now and they have been really great . they are organized and friendly and most important they are punctual . i 'm never waiting for my saturday appointments .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dental hygienists were spectacular however , not impressed with the doctor . i had what should have been a simple crown replacement that ended up taking 4 visits and 8 hours later . when the new crown would n't fit , they attempted to file my surrounding teeth , to 'make it fit ' . negative .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been going to dr. hodges for years and for a good reason . gentle , kind , helpful , extremely knowledgeable and always willing to work with our insurance and budget for the best possible dental outcomes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best dentist i 've ever had in my life ! ! ! ! love everyone there . not a fan of going to the dentist as a rule , but she 's an exception . i definitely recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come here for so many different issues in the past 5 years . bladder infections , weekly therapy , psychiatrist , er and some more . i had some issues 5 years ago , only because the nurses and doctors definitely never for sensitivity training about trans people . that was not a fun experience at all . more recently though , i went to the er twice for mental health issues and they were super respectful and took care of me . in the morning some psychiatrist residents came to talk to me and even asked what pronouns i use since they saw that i have therapy at music ( mcgill university sexual identity centre ) . i 've had weekly therapy through music for 2 years now and its really great ( as well as group therapy ) . the place is usually very clean . the one thing i cant stand is how complicated it is to get from one building to another . you have to get off on a specific floor and walk and take 3 different elevators , its insane , who designed this ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you 're sick or someone you know is sick do n't even start with this place . rude staff nobody knows where to transfer you to . plane is a mess", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a lot of people judge hospitals based on long wait times in emergency wait rooms , for referral appointments . i can vouch for this medical center being the top trauma center in the region , as it is affiliated with mcgill university that ranks 19th worldwide . the physicians and clinical team are caring and attentive.sure you have may at times have 3-4 pts per nurse that may lead to an unpleasant interaction but to remember everyone has bad days ! does n't mean we hold and judge a health care center accountable for it when it should be the provincial system at fault ! check out the used book store on the 6th floor and the restaurant run solely by volunteers ! great food and greeted only with kindness : ) check out the parking lot for a breathtaking view of mtl- better than mt royale mark my words", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i had to frequent this er a few times . the staff was always nice and attentive . the serious downside is the long wait . i have not experienced other er 's in montreal but i hear it 's like this everywhere , so ... at least it was n't bad . the er waiting area is not the nicest , but that is more due to the people occupying it ( coughing , smelling , etc. ) . overall , the service was good ( yet slow ) . as someone who 's french is not very good , i had no trouble getting service in english .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ohhh lester b , how i 've missed you ! or , so i thought . since we had lived in the pacific northwest for a time , i had grown use to flying in and out of bc . canadian clean and very modern , with a great many retail options and food choices . they even had a roots ! here however , it 's like i 'm stuck in the 70 's and they 're playing `` let 's do the time warp again '' on the overhead . hey , i hear there 's this really hot new group called nickleback the kids keep talking about . lol . sorry , i could n't resist . but , there 's no maple leaf , argonauts or even blue jays fan store here . now mind you , this is a lot better than the domestic terminal . the prices in the duty free shops were mainly focused on smokers . as for spirits , john walker blue was $ 360 canadian . the local grocery store has it for less . so nothing special . sorry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a decent airport ; there are several pluses -- the car rental agency is attached to the terminal and u.s. travelers going back to the u.s. clear customs in canada , which is great if you have a connecting flight once you get back to the states ; there are some negatives though -- there are not many good food options , a lot of the food and stuff at the airport is expensive , and some of the waiting areas around the gates are small and hot ; in addition , it took a while to get through immigration due to the long lines and the staff at several of the gates showed up very late i am not sure what the parking situation is at toronto pearson international airport , but i imagine parking here is expensive like other airports .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some parts of the aiport are more updated than others . terminal e was impressive : lots of charging stations , healthy food options , and decent shopping . howeve , r taking an international flight here is more choatic and time consuming that it needs to be . the have a total of 4 security lines for all the flights going to the us and there is very little direction provided on where to go and what line to get behind . looks a bit understaffed . once you get through the process , the gate area was just fine and i really enjoyed the shopping and food there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "flew into pearson the other day with a tad of delays due to a red alert preventing our aircraft from parking along with the lack of available gates to receive our aircraft . customs and immigration was a seamless and easy process via automated kiosks . local atms were available to dispense local currency albeit with a $ 3 surcharge . signage to the rental terminal was almost non existent which was troublesome at best ... the steps to the process at the rental counter is rather dated too ... other than that , the terminal was in good shape , modern and up to date .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hello , airport . you 're a pretttty good airport . flying back to the us of a was a breeze besides customs taking forever . pearson has efficient drop off , an easy to navigate interior and is large enough to accommodate the crowds . on top of that , it 's clean , up-to-date and pleasant as far as airports go . and when i say up-to-date , i mean modern and kinda of cool looking . i do n't think i can say that about any other airports i 've been to . customs was a little backed up but that 's not the airport 's fault . luckily i got their 2 hours early so i made it through with some time to buy a friend a toronto snow globe at my gate . hopefully we 'll meet again soon , toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , modern , and filled with nice canadians , yyz is a very good representation of the torontonian spirit . the hallways are always kept pristine clean , and the tim hortons is always a must-stop for me . the place has truly stood the test of time , and it feels like nothing has changed when i go back every couple of years . it 's the only airport i 've been to that has automated `` check-in '' machines for u.s. customs , so the customs folks can just let you through without checking thousands of blue forms that are mostly identical , by hand . there are also plenty of conveyor belts so you wo n't be running long distances like crazy to catch flights ( i 'm looking at you vancouver airport ! ) . along with the free wifi , and the plethora of bars playing hockey , this is a grade above most of the other airports i 've been to . definitely worth having a layover connecting flight here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as far as pure travel is concern , pearson is an amazing airport . both my departure and arrival were a breeze . arriving here and going through customs was a quick and painless process . and my departure flight back to the us was the same . they had the lines moving smoothly and quickly and i was to my gate in plenty of time for my flight . the terminals seem to be under construction for the most part and it kind of needs it . not many options for eating which for me is big . i need a pre flight snack . one plus is free wifi . and as opposed to many us airports , the staff here is nothing but helpful and friendly . it 's good in service poor in amenities . for me a solid 3 stars . pearson is a-ok but nothing stellar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes..its big and confusing and my walk from the small prop plane gate to customs was ridiculous . but i can forgive all that because of the excellent customer service in the form of guides and attendants to answer your questions . i must have seen over a dozen in a half hour as i walked into the terminal , took that long march ( no people movers and no bathrooms ) to customs , took the shuttle to my terminal and then to my gate . they were all pleasant , all smiles , all professional as can be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would eat poutine out of rob ford 's ass crack before i 'd fly through toronto pearson again . the entire experience in going through customs to catch a connecting flight back to the united states was dreadful . unhelpful bitching french canadians , non-existent signage , dirty , depressing . worst airport i 've ever traveled through .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "smooth security checks however , be aware if your electronic devices as they will ask you to take all of them out . my only qualm is that they prohibit the use of cellphones during the customs portion of your security check . i found this incredibility stupid as most people keep an electronic copy of their boarding pass which is also required when you get to your teller ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think i 've flown out of pearson second most out of any airport in the world . if you were looking through a camera lens with my pov you would have just seen me doing math on my fingers on the floor at terminal 3 at pearson . so you caught me , i fly a lot , i 'm bad at math , and i prefer floors to shitty chairs with metal armrests . i 'd give terminal 1 four stars , really nice renos and everything you can imagine at your fingertips , and terminal 3 two stars for having sparse dining and literature-purchasing options . has anyone ever been in terminal 2 ? ! overall us canadians live up to our polite reputation , so the staff is friendlier than most international airports , eh . love actually is all around . pepper points : for having customs on the canadian side when flying stateside . written on christmas eve 2012 , happy festivus !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "totally disorganized shit show ! ! the airlines tell you to come 3 hours early , but the airport wo n't even let you line up to go through customs ! they are calling people by flight time ... there has got to be a better way to do this . other airports across the world do n't do this , i 've never been told `` go to the lounge , if your flight leaves in over 1.5 hours , do n't line up because you wo n't be let in . '' what the hell ? ! ? ! why come early ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just came through this vile airport where i was spoken to more rudely by immigration officers than anywhere ever before in my 32 years of traveling internationally . i was also searched . they even asked me if i had had trouble with the police . i 've never even had a parking ticket and i said that . maybe because it was an early flight and i was wearing sunglasses . they were prada . still , the staff were exceptionally rude . this airport is without a doubt the rudeness airport i 've ever been to and i will make sure i never , by choice , come through it again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "free wifi ! so terminal 3 kind of sucks , at least the baggage claim area , but the rest of the airport ( air canada terminal ) is super nice . the airport is clean , well-kept , and mostly modern . as an american , i found the customs process to not be ridiculous and i 'm glad they have those machines that read your card and passport . i also took the union pearson express , which was brand spanking new , reasonably priced ( versus a cab ) , took only 25 minutes , and was on time ! prearranged ground transportation process was smooth and the service was great . i 'd much rather fly into yyz that ytz any day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're coming from the us , prepare yourself to be ( potentially ) confused when you first step off your plane . as i like to put it - you may be in a glass case of emotion . ( anchorman reference , for those who are n't picking up what i 'm putting down ) . when i first stepped off my plane into pearson , i was confused . little signage . glass walls . carpet . an elevator ... and then finally , an escalator . ok , i 'll take it . good thing there were finally some signs leading me to baggage claim ! once i found my way out of the glass case of emotion , things were looking up . pearson is very clean , nicely put together and offers some pretty decent food drink shopping options . i found the security and customs lines to be fairly well staffed and once you get the hang of where things are , this 'port is not so bad . and free wifi . high five for that . see ya soon , pearson .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super confusing airport . if you are unfamiliar with this airport , my best tip of advice is to ask questions to every security officer employee to make sure if you are going the right direction . this airport lacks a lot of signs pointing you to the correct direction and can be a nightmare mid-day when you are trying to catch a connecting flight . my flight arrived an hour late and getting through customs looked like a nightmare . it was a good thing i still had an extra two hours to spare to make it through customs and go through security again . i ended up having just enough time to grab a bite to eat and drink before heading towards my gate . pro tip which should be applied to every airport , but especially toronto : make sure you 're getting screened for security for the right set of gates !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love hate relationship with this airport . on one hand , they offer plenty of united flights and serves as a major city for connecting international flights . on the other hand , it 's big , chaotic and run down in certain areas . you can get lost pretty easily here , and if you 're in a rush , that can be frustrating . on the positive side , there are plenty of airline lounges and food options throughout the airport . if you 're spending an extended amount of time here , you wo n't be bored . there is also a train that goes direct from the airport to downtown toronto in about 30 minutes . the train is clean , fast and convenient . pearson does its job as an airport , but is wholly complicated and overwhelming . if you can get past that , there are amenities and conveniences that serve as positives .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "damn this place has changed ! i took an international flight from term 3 here about two weeks , and it was such an easy breezy experience ! from checking in my luggage to waiting at the lounge took me exactly 20 minutes . i was an hour and 20 early for my flight , so i just chilled in the really comfy and cool looking lounge , loving the outlets at every seat and the awesome free wifi . security was a breeze , with no questions asked and not the tsa nightmare i was expecting ( especially since i was flying to saudi arabia first ) . everyone was super friendly , and i love love love those walking escalator things . too bad i was there at like 10 , otherwise i would 've reviewed the bar sitch too . pearson is definitely one of the best airports i 've ever been too ( unlike the airport i arrived at in jeddah , king abdulaziz which i advise everyone to avoid at all costs )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love canada , canadians , poutine , maple syrup , and are considered by many to be a true and longstanding friend of thecanadian people which is why i can not remain silent about the airport , which is beautiful and great , but is such a slog to get through . it took almost 2 hours to get a bag checked and through security . .. and that 's for a domestic flight ... on a tuesday ! . international flights are even more torturous and maddening . why ? these poor people were in line in front of me at security . the horror ... !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously all airports in usa should take a lesson from airports in canada . clean , spacious , bright , everything is clearly marked , and free wifi ( yes lax , i mean you ) . easy ground transportation options to everywhere in the city for a reasonable price and do come very often . the sheraton across the street is very nice place to stay too . i love canada !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just so many line ups ... everywhere . testament to the busy - ness of this airport . it 's big . lots to see and do . you wo n't be bored . just walking to a terminal can be a lengthy and entertaining experience . but heaven forbid if you 're in a hurry . leave lots of time between flights . just do . do n't underestimate anything about time . everyone is typically canadian friendly but there 's nothing anyone can do make anything go faster . good places to eat but the tim horton 's line will take time . the whole experience is very confusing ... in terms of where to go next , where to drop off luggage , how to make a connection when your flight is already off the board and so on ... a concierge service , any sort of customer service representation beyond the airline desks would go a long way to enhancing the travel experience whether you 're local to canada or coming from afar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a blues song i do n't understand it it 's the dull international airport blues i said i just do n't understand it i have the dull international airport blues i used think it was something wrong with me and then realized i had nothing to lose i know that is something wrong with me and i have nothing to lose i got ta say that this airport is stinky and it takes too long to get to this airport is stinky it takes too long to get to yeah this airport is stinky it takes too long to get to i mean a loony and a tooney and my luggage is a victim too i could eat at the swiss chalet or some other kind of chain i said i could eat and drink some crapola or eat and drink at some other kind of chain the security dudes and dudettes are just kind of ok sprawling and personality-less i ate at a swiss chalet should i feel sprawling and personality-less ? yeah , i just feel sort of ok i do n't know how to end this except to say that it 's pretty much ok", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . big airport , seems like a good hub , but damn , poor signage . it took us an hour to find out how to get to the off-site car rental place . the signage was just _terrible_ . and no one knew what we were talking about . the airport was clean , quiet , and expansive . lots of moving sidewalks that mostly worked . eh , i 've experienced better , but that 's not saying much , as airports go . the good : we landed . the bad : trying to figure out how to get to where we wanted to go when we landed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no overhead music customs area , which made for a very vacant vibe . some confusion can be had with shuttles to certain terminals , and signage could be better , but i was able to find my way through . luckily i did not have to navigate a car or park at this airport , so my experience was pretty much straight forward . nothing stands out with this airport as being outstanding , or mediocre . free wifi is a plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it really is difficult to find good things to say about the toronto pearson airport . the airport overall is fairly clean , and that is about it . the airport is very poorly designed and is very confusing . in my experiences here not only was the journey to the gate extremely time consuming , but very frustrating with the meticulous tasks needed to be done . `` modernization '' is occuring within causing certain older paper elements to be replaced . as a result , the lines and wait times are increased drastically for another menial task . due to low quantities of the equipment , even more lineups occur . avoid this airport at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best airports in north america . the largest and busiest airport in canada . clean and efficient- speedy transition through customs . terminal one is pretty modern and looking great in preparation for the 2015 pan american games . it has a better selection of eats and shopping than iah , but nothing to rival london 's qe2 terminal . i 'm eagerly anticipating the rail link from pearson to the downtown core since traffic into toronto is a nightmare ! think the katy freeway with twice the number of lanes ! ! ! if you are heading back to the u.s. , the airport has pre clearance , which means you go through u.s. customs before you board the plane- such a plus , because i hate the long immigration lines in houston .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why 5 stars ? because this is the cleanest airport i 've ever seen . -- - -- - -- - much like all of toronto that i saw , and i 'm assuming the entire nation of canada , the floors of this airport looked clean enough to eat off . maybe it 's not that canadians are clean , but we 're just slobs . for shame , fellow americans ! aside from the cleanliness , i enjoy the modern , sleek , and open feel of the terminal i arrived in . my stay in the airport was only long enough for me to get through customs , and head to the rental car area , but i was so impressed with the cleanliness , that i could n't move forward in life without penning this review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to several international airports and i would say toronto airport was one of the best . this was my first time flying there and i fell in love with the place . these are the things that made me love this place : 1- i had a 10-hour layover and found out that they have an express train that takes you to downtown toronto in 25 minutes . 2- i was able to store my backpack and carry-on roller bag at the airport storage at the departure area for 10 canadian dollars so i could go enjoy the city without all those bags . 3- once i was back to the airport , the security checks moved fairly quickly . 4- the gate area had lots of comfortable seats and tables with tablets that allow you to go online and order food from a nearby restaurant at the terminal . 5- the gate area did not look or feel like a boring airport ! if only i could fly to this airport more often ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy this airport . it feels very clean , airy , and modern . the employees seem to be in a surprisingly good mood most of the time and the customs agents unexpectedly jolly . while it is a positive that the rental car area is attached walkable from terminals , i find it to be a labyrinth to get to . perhaps better signage would help ? speaking of labyrinths , it seems to be another one to get from gate through customs . the whole area within customs is efficient and very computerized in recent years . walking to get there seems like an endless corridor and escalator journey . if you have any sort of trouble with a long walk it may be best to request assistance beforehand . i do n't mind the walk so the rating stands at 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's far from the city and a hefty fee by cab . the customs process 5 in the morning sucks ( but they are nice ) -- getting out of this airport to hand over your little declaration card during most times of day suck ... so why 4 stars ? ? they have a lot of options to keep you busy while waiting for your flight and they offer free wifi throughout the airport . i have yet to encounter anyone rude for the airlines , customs , stores , etc . i just hate standing in line when my eyes are barely open trying to fill out a declaration card and waiting ... waiting ... waiting ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ? it 's pearson , an airport that i rely on to get me to a work or vacation destination . it 's practically my second home . i used to travel more than i do these days . i know the security chemical scanning procedure like i know the alphabet backwards . both terminals are clean and there is free wifi . the connectivity is helpful when you are in a lineup , be it to check your luggage in or to go through security . lineups can be a problem as far as waiting goes . i tend to get to the airport at a decent time , so it 's not a huge deal . the shops are nice to visit . it 's just a shame that prices for food and goods are expensive . it 's practically highway robbery , especially that one time where i was off to london , uk and did n't have my usb cable for my phone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a bad airport to fly in and out . advice : go online to bestparking.com and reserve a spot for your car at the westin bristol airport . it 's under $ 10 a day and such a great deal . i think we paid just about $ 75 for our car for 8 days . the shuttle from the westin to the airport is also very efficient . you feel like your car is safer than when it 's packed into one of those carpark factories . it 's a great deal . once you get to the airport , security is always very quick painless and the waiting areas all have ipads . you can park yourself at an ipad and order food and drinks and have it delivered right to your seat , all while keeping track of your flight . airports are generally unpleasant places . toronto is n't as painful as most .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't love or hate this airport . it was an airport . it was efficient for what it was , although we were delayed in our departing flight which made us delayed in subsequent flights as it was a connecting back home . the airport was an easy 15-20 minutes from the downtown toronto area and a taxi is n't too bad both in terms of traffic and fare . the airport had some pretty old bathrooms , for a modern looking airport which i was really surprised at . however , i did n't have anything to gripe about since the us immigration & customs line was almost nonexistent . like i said , efficient !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have this love-hate relationship for toronto pearson international airport . hate : - long long lines whenever i go through us immigrations - as an international airport , why are there not train going directly to and from downtown ? - food sucks here ! prices wise and selections wise ... - unreasonable fees for landing privileges , ended up fliers paying for it love : - free wifi - spacious and airy with plenty of seatings ( the airport so huge , i found it just feel like a ghost town during off season ! ) i guess i have to live with yyz because it is the only airport in the area.. and especially if you going to fly to international destinations , you have not much of a choice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazingly clean and modern airport , perhaps it was my specific timing but customs went incredibly fast and efficiently . not too far from downtown toronto with easy ground transport options . flew air canada direct from dca in washington , which i was n't sure they actually did from this smaller airport . landing was smooth with a great view of toronto as we came in . one of the nicest looking and cleanest airports i have had the pleasure of using .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since pretty much every flight must go through yyz it seems ( no matter how far it takes you out of your way ) ive found myself on many occasions wandering through this airport killing time between flights ( i got bored of wandering so i figured i would write a yelp review ) . anyways i do n't have much in the way of complaints , yvr went through a lot of modernizing for the olympics and it definitely shows . yyz looks a bit dated in comparison . i like the fact that they have a tim hortons directly after domestic security , clearly they know what is important to travellers . any airport that charges for wifi loses at least a star from me , many other airports have it for free , so should yyz !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty large airport - customs took awhile for some reason , but everything else was easy to get through . what really caused me to lower the ratings is that this airport is poorly organized . we were told to go to a certain gate for our flight back to san francisco , but the gates changed 3 times within the 30 minutes boarding time . it caused the elderly to walk all the way down the gates from the beginning to end with all the sudden changes - when it ended up staying at the original gate to depart . this upset a lot of people on the flight as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you pay some of the highest fees in the world to fly in and out of yyz . anyone paying exorbitant fees should expect a world-class airport and world-class service . neither of these exist at pearson . one of the last impressions made of a city is when you get to and fly out of an airport . catsa ( the canadian airport security folks ) make going through their security checkpoint as pleasant as getting a colonoscopy without anesthesia or lubricant . four boarding pass scan checks within about 150 feet of each other . the security lines are horribly understaffed , so if there 's an anomaly with a bag or a passenger needs additional screening , then the line only gets slower and longer . if you 're an infrequent flier ( which , statistically eight out of 10 people are ) , then prepare to get yelled at by catsa staff for not knowing the rules by heart . yyz management should be embarrassed for collecting such high fees and having such horrible `` service . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't love this airport . for whatever reason , people always seem to get lost around here . leaving the airport is also semi disastrous . the road signs seem confusing , i 'm surprised that there are n't more accidents . picking up and dropping off people is yet another accident waiting to happen . people will stop anywhere . plus its expensive to fly out of here . our airport fees are way out of whack !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is some sort of new circle of hell and united is its dark lord ! we had our bags on the wrong flight so they took 3 hours longer to arrive . that 's not terrible you say ? well it is n't until you actually know where your bag is but still have to run around the whole airport looking for some spawn to escort you to the place where your property is ! information desk ? bah ! not a single person here had any information or if they did was too rude or lazy to give it ! only saving grace was an angle of a air canada ( i knew , how cliche ) who escorted me to my bag and helped me out . even had some travel advice on my final destination ! if there is justice in this world all seven plagues will descend on this toxic pool of vomitous ! nothing will be right here until united is exorcised !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing exciting about this airport . for the best experience fly out of the westjet delta gates , log on to the free and temperamental internet and grab a drink at the bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , i thought the st louis airport was bad . departure from terminal 3 to usa . old furniture , hardly any power receptacles . really un-believably noisy for some reason . security line up is unorganized somewhat . just seems like an old has-been airport .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a bit big and a bit unwieldy . it 's expensive from the us . it 's freezing cold inside when it 's freezing cold outside . customs was blessedly empty , and they did n't grill me that hard , but were still less-than-friendly when i 'm obviously a tall , lanky , harmless american academic . they could have been thorough and less gnarly about it , i 'm just saying ... it 's clean and tidy , cold and expensive . it 's canadian , eh ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i take back my comment that the wifi does n't work . it was neither my phone or the wifi that was n't working ... it was me ! lol ! dumb humans ! lol ! this airport is excellent and has exceeded all my expectations with service ! canadians are very friendly ! maybe i should plan my next trip to toronto canada rather than be here for overlay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i travel often 8 month of the year i fly some where , and my port of exit and entry is of course my world class airport right here in my hometown . i enjoy this airport more than any other , not just because i live here and i am at the airport quite frequently . but also because the services and shops at fantastic ! terminal 1 is my favorite of the 2 terminals , the maple leaf lounge is here and i always go and relax there - better than the american carrier 's lounges or the privately owned ones . the food court is great , and there are lots of open spaces . from pearson you can take a direct flight to so many other major cities around the globe ! that sound so exiting to me ! 90 % of my travels are for work but i can always take a direct flight to anywhere i am going . this is why pearson is the hub that it is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh you torontonians and how you 're inclined to give places three stars . it 's because you have better places and higher standards so it makes sense . but damn if you travel a majority of airports in the states , you 'll notice this airport is on point with being clean , swift , open , quiet , jovial , kindly staff , spacious and exactly what i look for in gate areas : outlets , chairs and hd flat panel tvs with hockey on them . and wi fi . oh , sweet , open , easy to use wifi . and , how about the perk of going through customs and being in the the no touching zone between us & canada ? also , extend your train to the airport . just do it . it 's markedly inefficient to get off a train a few k from the airport to hop on a rocket bus . figure it out . look at how sfo makes it work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast in , fast out . : ) however , going out , i was greeted by noxious fumes from smoke . i ca n't say that i really appreciate cigarettes . it was quite foul , and really hurt the mood . still , as long as one gets in and out quickly ... ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terminal 1 as much as i despise the pearson airport , there is much more blood boiling in my body when i am assigned a terminal that does not consist of the number one . operational since 2004 , terminal one has placated many angry passengers by offering up some stuff to bloody-well do while you wait impatiently for your air canada flight to arrive a minimum of four hours too late ( not that i 'm complaining ) . in this airy , spacious , high- ceilinged , windowed to the max terminal there are bars , restaurants bookstores , and even a nail salon . so if you are not one of the privileged few who gets to sample the cnn and free stella artois in the air canada lounge , at least you can purchase a beer and pretend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yeah it 's super clean and big . and chairs are kinda comfy ( but after being seated on them for 3 hours , not so much ) . i am definitely glad that they close concourse 2 , that was a pit . anyway , why 3 stars : no free wi-fi . geez , it 's like 10 cad to surf while your plane is trying to make its way in . and food , is really meh . my gate was at the end of the end , and to get food , you have to go back to the center . also , when arriving there , you sure have to take a trek . this airport is gigantic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only things i like tolerate about this airport are the fact that it 's spacious ( because well , it is canada ) and that there is free wi-fi ( which is honestly to be expected from any airport ) . other than that , service is utterly terrible and people can be quite rude . washrooms look are pretty messy and unclean . parking is expensive and to avoid parking , some people usually pick people up from the departure area , which is a floor above the arrivals gate . there are also so few shops once you go through customs . they mainly consist of duty-free stores , and couple of extremely over-priced restaurants that sell a tiny variety of foods ( pre-packaged sandwiches bagels , coffee , tea ) . also , when i arrived at 10pm for a flight , all but one of the restaurants were closed , be it before or after customs . every single coffee shop was closed , leaving the single restaurant beside my boarding gate open . this is a major canadian international airport , and yet the facilities and service here areatrocious .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you know what ? i do n't mind pearson . it 's always clean , relatively organized and easy to get around . i find they do change the gate numbers a lot , so make sure you pay attention , especially as your flight gets close ! i do n't really have any complaints about the airport , i mean they 've never really caused me any grief . but what they have done is make me so happy by finally have free internet ! it 's about freakin ' time . it drove me nuts that airports in the maritimes had been free for years and pearson was charging something like $ 8.95 for something that has essentially become a required service ! i will say this , if you are around the airport for sunset , head down to the gate 138 . all the big windows let in so much light , it is a great way to say goodbye to another travel day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful modern glass airport with horrid functionality . i like the plentiful seating with charging stations that is accessorized by a tablet . shops -- plentiful of classy looking shops . clean . a victoria secret store looked like a member of 5th avenue . food -- a good variety of types and prices . sushi . tim hortons . panini . burger . grill . echo cove -- fun ! good for kids . run around the gap , walk through the middle and start yelling . an easy hours of playtime . wi-fi -- available that nobody can connect to . restrooms -- plentiful and clean . boarding -- air canada does n't know how to properly board a 400+ passenger plane in an orderly manner . line galore that overflows to the walk path . unclear if the flight is boarding .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's a lot to like about toronto pearson airport : free wifi ! ! ! on behalf of travelers everywhere , especially those with dodgy cell phones that do n't work in canada - thank you ! clean concourses and seating areas extremely efficient immigration + customs personnel ability to clear us customs immigration in canada , thus saving me a ton of time in chicago good , clear signage . as a bonus , it 's in english and french , allowing me to refresh my francais skills . on the minus side : not enough seating in the gate areas food options in the us flights area - not much to choose from . but there is tim horton 's so ... all in all , a better than average airport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pearson is a fine airport . there 's nothing overly special about it . i hate being stuck there though . it 's huge , it takes forever to walk to anywhere and then when you get to whatever departure gate you 're going to , there 's not that much going on . is it too much to ask for a better selection of food drink in airports ? plus , the directions from place to place are n't always that clear and routes seem roundabout . so yeah , average . free wifi though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yikes ! i think we landed at gate 99 ... the walk to the main terminal was not fun after a long day of travel . felt like you 're in some sci-fi movie , walking down the same hallway over ... and over ... and over . customs , even at around 10:30pm , was well staffed . they had at least three people working the non-canadian resident area , which should have been pretty darn sufficient at that time of night . and the guy manning the booth i ended up at sure gave me the third degree ! which , of course , as an american i richly deserve . where are you going , who are you seeing , do you already have your tickets purchased for the museum , how long will you be here , etc , etc . he did a good job , and while serious , was always courteous . taxis were aplenty outside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "poorly staffed customs department for flights leading to the usa lead to long waits . agents are needlessly abrasive . i will be signing up for global access just to hopefully get one more of them fired and replaced with a kiosk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "both coming into yyz and leaving i got in and out of customs fast - so i 'm going to give 4 stars mostly based on that . the airport seems huge and i 've barely been to any of it ( 2 gates total , so that 's like 1 100th of the airport ) . the air canada folks were helpful and it was easy for me to figure out where i was supposed to be going . free wifi is nice , and the security line moved fast . i 'd have a hard time giving an airport 5 stars , but i ca n't see much to complain about here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , modern airport with free-wifi . but if you are flying to the u.s. ( which , let 's be honest , most of you are ) , and have never been through pearson , listen up . so you go through u.s. customs before entering security here . perhaps that 's par for the course in canada , but i 'm used to going through customs when you land in the u.s . it 's actually nice to get it over with , but make sure you tack on an extra 30-45 minutes to allow for customs . if you arrived without knowing you needed this time , you can be completely sol . food options ( at least at the gates we were at ) tended to be a bit limited , but i have n't seen the whole airport .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's an airport . not really impressive , but perfectly adequate and at least they have free wireless internet now while you wait in the boarding area . magazine selection seems to have gotten smaller in the shops though so i 'd advise hitting chapters for travelling reading material before you go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as a travel agent and one who travels quite a bit , i have never been a fan of this airport despite recent improvements with wifi and food concessions . this is one of the least friendly and un-efficient airports in canada . check in times are long and slow , staff at the check in gates are often very rude and abrupt , and when you arrive back in canada , you have to go into a general line ( many other countries have separate lines for nationals , so you can get through customs on the way home faster ) . if you live in toronto you may want to consider alternative airports like toronto 's billy bishop airport for domestic flights and u.s destinations on the east coast . i would rather pay more for a flight and have less wait times and better service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "subpar compared to airports in other major canadian cities especially alberta or bc . worst part is for american flights which feels like a trip back to the 1980s . food and drink options are ok. mill st brewing has some great craft beers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can only review the airport based on my most recent experience . every facet of the process was adequate . sure , there were some lines , but not too long . the food was bad , but to be expected . customs was a bit of a hassle , but hey - big surprise . i certainly would not go out of my way to avoid arriving or departing from here - and that is a vast improvement over a few years ago .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is hard to recommend this airport . ridiculously long lines in the morning for transborder flights . what 's worse , if you have global entry nexus , the airport customer disservice staff make you get in the regular line and queue before you can go to the global entry line . they kind of missed the point . airport ( not airline ) staff are best described as `` surly '' . airport fees are unusually high making this an expensive airport to use for airlines and passengers alike . consider your options . try yhm or ykm instead . for transborder , try buf .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "toronto pearson international airport ( yyz for short ) reminds me of lax in some regard but the only difference between the two is that yyz has and up train that will take you downtown in 25 minutes which is better that renting a car since the public transit in toronto is so good . occasionally there will be delays and cancellations due to the infamous cold weather . there is free wi-fi ( a hit or miss at times ) and the payphones have a keyboard for tty purposes . going through customs is a multi-step process . navigating the airport can be confusing at times , especially for first time visitors . yyz has u.s. border pre-clearance . however this airport lack a central rental car facility which requires waiting for a shuttle or a taxi . toronto pearson is ok for being the international gateway to canada but should catch up with the times in order to remain relevant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . i 've experienced better . maybe i 'm used to us airports or perhaps my expectations are a bit high but i was underwhelmed here . from the food selections in my terminal , the signage directing me there and the very long wait for bags at customs , i just left feeling underwhelmed . even the wifi dropped in and out a ton on me which made zoning out and using the internet not a worthy distraction to help me with my nearly 4 hour layover . the bathrooms were clearly marked and clean enough . i would n't eat off the floors but they were n't gross so that is a positive in my mind . just kind of a passing through place . nothing really to see here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terminal 3 i fly terminal 1 a lot to keep my aeroplan miles up and it 's rare that i ever use terminal 3 ( westjet 's terminal ) . i came to pick up a friend coming in from vancouver via terminal 3 and looked forward to exploring a novel terminal . what a mistake . it 's the most poorly laid out terminal i think i 've ever experienced . the parking aisles are narrow . once you find parking , the signage to the elevators to the terminal is poor . the signage from the elevators to the terminal is poor . you emerge into the usa international arrivals area . if you 're new to the terminal , you have no idea this is n't the domestic arrivals . there 's no signage in view to direct you to the domestic area . seating in both areas is limited , the domestic arrivals in particular . t3 is really in need of a reno .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my experience at pearson , every time i come is different . some are more pleasant then others . when i came in january i had to drop my luggage off and then go through customs - as a nexus card holder i have never stopped to talk to security , i 've just walked thought by handing my card to the agent ( unless flagged for secondary inspection there is no reason for me to talk to them as i have gone through the clearance process ! ) i actually had the agent yell at me to get back in line because i had a suitcase i had checked . so today i dropped my bag off like usual and walk over to talk to a customs agent to only get yelled at again that i do n't need to talk to them and that i 'm slowing down the line.. it would be so nice if they could have some consistency !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this airport is a joke if you are connecting for an international flight . thank goodness we had 6 hours between flights because it took over two hours to get through customs and security . mind you , we had already gone through security in vienna , austria . first you have to scan your passport and the machine takes a picture of you . second , you have to sit in a holding area until your name comes up on a screen to proceed through customs . here you show your passport and boarding pass again . the you go to another line and show your boarding pass again . now , it 's finally time for security where you show your passport and boarding pass yet again . notice a very annoying pattern here ? could your boarding pass and passport suddenly go through a metamorphism and change somehow ? give me a break ! do not plan on making a connecting flight here if you havent allowed for at least two hours between flights . plus , there is almost nowhere to grab a quick meal . not impressed at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this large international airport is located outside of toronto . it has fairly easy access to it from the roadways , and has good parking if you are familiar with it at all . if you are flying out , you can stay at the airport hotel ( sheraton ) the night before and park your car for a reduced rate for a one week trip . this is a nice benefit and good thing to know if travelling from buffalo to use the airport . the hotel is connected to the airport , so once inside you just have to get your luggage to the right area of the airport ( they have a transit system ) . since its a real international airport , there are not many places you cant get to direct from toronto . flying to most from buffalo you would have to connect in nyc or detriot atlanta etc . the airport itself is fine , a little older , and it shows . but the stores are ok , the walks not too bad , and the people are nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super clean airport and not too crowded . those are just about the only the pluses . the downside is ... why is everything so far apart ! ? where am i walking to to get to where i need to ? when we went to the `` car rental area '' we had to use some dial up phone to ring the rental car service for them to come pick us up to another location . huh ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "summary : i love this airport . pros : clean ; organized check in area and nice waiting area ; complementary wifi ; many power stations and tables where you can work cons : security check is a mess ; i wish it would be bigger ; details : it 's a major toronto airport . there is porter , but it 's in the city and very convenient for people that live downtown , but not to the folks from gta ( great toronto area ) . pearson is great for domestic and international flights . both terminals have plenty comfortable places to wait for your flight . duty free is tiny and the airport does not have many food places . however , you will not die from starvation and you can always find a small gift for your friends : ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "air canada 's domestic wing actually did n't have much in the way of food . a tim horton 's kiosk , two mini mart-esqu stops and that 's it . this is my first venture to this airport , so perhaps theirs more , i just do n't have the time to wander far . coming from the usa to toronto , we had to go through what seemed an endless amount of hallways and turn-offs as we made our way from the plain to customs to baggage scanning , to our gate . i ca n't complain , really though , because this is n't event one of the mega airports around the world . i got to my end destination in one piece , with luggage in tack , so it 's all good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place where customs closes as 20:45 , when the sign says 21:00 , stranding passengers on the other side of a connecting flight . seriously ? this is canada 's largest city ! on my last visit to toronto , we ran to our connection . when we arrived before the gates closed , they said that we need to travel with our checked baggage and our baggage did n't make it to the connecting flight . guess what ? our checked baggage was waiting for us in calgary for over 4 hours while air canada gave our 3 tickets to those on stand-by .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ' ve never been so stressed and confused at an airport until i had to fly out of toronto . we thought 2 hours would be more than enough time , in fact , it usually takes me only less than an hour to check in and wait for my plane to arrive , but just checking in my bag and passports took one whole hour , then tsa another half hour , and yet again go to an automated kiosk to check in and get receipts for our passports , then again to have our passports checked in with the kiosk receipt another half hour . the long lines are confusing , and the kiosks for passports are confusing . they should bypass one step to not make people go through a maze and wait in long lines to nearly missed their flight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omg - this is airort has the worst internet i have ever had the misfortune to attempt to use - does n't even get a one star ! how can an international airport like this offer a service that , when i did speed tests to the us , provides less than 56kbps speeds - this is n't high speed , this is a joke . i would be happy to pay a real provider if they provide a real 'high speed internet ' service . my verizon phone was far superior at rates of $ 25 for 100mbps of connectivity . get with the program , you even have a canadian company , out of halifax , that provides one of the best gateway services globally called solutioninc - they provide hotspots to 10s of 1000s of locations globally and you provide this non-service . this is an insult to your canadian brethren . my company uses their services in the us and it is outstanding - when i needed internet at pearson int'l - you let me down ! get with the program pearson ! a disgruntled traveler ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "traveled through this week on thursday 3 5 and what a sh ! t show it was . 840am flight to boston . i was at airport by 6am and was n't let into customs until 745am . u.s. customs was so busy , i barely made my flight . i got to the gate at 840 . hence i no time to duty free shop . so pissed and stressed about making my flight , it was a crappy experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quite simply the worst airport i have ever seen . terribly organized , i can not believe this is an international airport . i love toronto but never want to come through this airport again . there is absolutely no point in getting to the airport early for your flight , they will make you wait in a separate waiting room prior to letting you through . whoever is making these decisions needs to be fired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't wait until the construction is done . until then , it could use better signage ; things have moved since i was there in february ! i was a bit lost and had to just follow the crowd sometimes . still very clean with a good variety of restaurants and shops to browse , all had convenience pricing which is to be expected . flight left late . when i got back , the airport was busy , so we sat on the plane for 30min waiting to get off the plane , but that does n't usually happen . most of the time boarding and deplaning does n't take too long ; the longest part is getting your luggage . free wifi is a bonus . lounge areas with ipads are great for killing time and ordering food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ridiculously expensive and they always check your carry on really methodically . also everything takes a long time here , yet for some reason they manage to charge you the most out of all the airports i regularly pass through .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this airport is my worst enemy . it was my first time here and i had the worst experience ever . we had cancellations on top of delays on top of more delays . we had to stay overnight because the airport had to close down a landing strip ( ? ) due to construction ... so the airport could not handle the amount of air traffic that was coming in and out so they decided to cancel flights . flights are pre-scheduled booked months in advance ... so why schedule flights to the airport if the airport ca n't handle it ? idk . also , air canada 's terminal is tiny . better get food before you go to your gate bc there 's literally 2 restaurants there . other than that . everyone at delta was super accommodating and helpful in all the chaos . there was one delta employee that helped my friend and i so much but i do n't know his name . to this delta representative , thank you so much for all that you did for us !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the security is extremely racist . i was pulled over not only for additional security checks , but they put me through secondary passport screenings despite my american passport as i was heading back home to the us . i answered all of their questions in customs yet they rudely pull me over for secondary passport screenings . they do n't explain anything , they just point and act like complete pigs . i ask them , am i good to go now , where 's the exit , but they rudely do n't say anything as if i pissed in their food.they constantly ask me the same questions ( how long are you in canada for , where do you live , etc ) not only me , but my friend of the same ethnicity was also put through secondary passport screening . it was obviously because of our names and skin color when i 've been a us born citizen and lived there all my life . this will not be forgotten and i will advise everybody of this issue . absolutely disgusting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after coming in from charles de gaulle in france , yyz is a dream . organized with super friendly staff . free luggage carts too . we missed our connection and everyone along the way did what they could to get us back on track . also , free wifi everywhere and you do n't have to `` sign up '' for access . we actually had a quite relaxing wait at gate f63 in terminal 1 since they have a combo restaurant gate . and no purchase required to sit at the nice chairs . so go grab a tim horton 's or starbucks and wait with cheaper coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time arriving and departing canada from pearson intl . ( terminal 1 ) and i was impressed . arriving on a sunday evening and departing at a regular day of a regular week the airport was specious with comfortable seats everywhere . it is sparkling clean and the employees are nice and helpful . it was very easy to find my way around and when i hesitated there was always an employee standing just near by to direct me . i loved the big bright counters with the high white chairs where you can order food through an iped , pay at a station on your table , and brows the internet for free , while the iped updates you about your flight . very comfy . the food selection was somehow limited ( at least at the f gates ) and that is why i did not give them five stars . there was one starbucks that moved so slow i just gave up . i never believed i 'd say that about airport customs , but the usa customs here are the fastest and most pleasant customs i ever went through .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the international side is pretty nice wifi ports everywhere ipads set where you can order food , shops everywhere . there are lots of comfortable seats and plenty of charging ports . i got an overpriced reuben that tasted mostly like dry burnt toast . i ca n't remember the name of the restaurant though . however the local flights side feels like the purgatory office they went to in beetlejuice . there are no maps and nothing is obvious what you need to do . there is a bagel shop here that smells like it is on fire . there are no maps to where anything is so i suspect there is nothing ... the canadian security was a mixed bag . some were very friendly typical canadians , some were not so much . actually i 'm not 100 % sure it was all canada ? there were some tsa logos around too . yay ... . well back to my 2 more hours in purgatory ... +5 stars for international side -2 stars for local flights side -1 for the awful sandwich", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great airport ! security is a breeze.. not like in the states . decent shops , quick access to gates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lost my phone and no one was willing to help me . considering it 's the most expensive airport in the world , i thought they could do a lot better . the new terminal is a pretty nice facility though - they did a good job with that . the art hanging inside is a nice touch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the airport i use most often now for my international travel since i moved from boston to syracuse . its without a doubt the best and most cost effective way to travel international from syracuse . my last connection to beijing was super easy and efficient . only about 10 mins of wait time so no problems at all . air canada lounges are available and they are ok nothing to exiting but it beats sitting in the aiport waiting . now customs going to the u.s. thats another story .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a clean , modern , upgraded airport . however , my layover experiences here has always been crap . the first time they held us in the hallway for 30 minutes before they let us get to customs without an explanation . and then my luggage did n't come out til 1 hour after i finished customs . this resulted in me missing my next flight as i missed the window to recheck my bag . i had a 2.5 hour layover time . this normally is long enough at any other larger airport i have been to . also , why are some gates locked up until 50 minutes before boarding ? it just does not make any sense . so many passengers tripped the alarm trying to open the side doors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like i mentioned in my review about mia , i now know why people hate airports and this really proved the point . my experience with this airport has been horrible and i was shocked because i have always heard how organized the canadian were . the airport was really small for a large city like toronto and dirty . it needs to be remodeled because there were areas that looked outdated . there was mistake with our luggage and it took us two hours to finally find them . every time we ask for help to any of workers we will get a completely different answer . i do n't have any plans of returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first , the signs to the different terminals are a little confusing when you have to drive the airport . second , it 's a big city and you would expect some efficient mode of public transportation to the city . the airport is about 35-40 min drive from the city ; about an hour to get downtown chinatown ( that 's where we stayed when we visit ) . public transportation was a combination of bus ( airport rocket or bus 192 ) , subway then streetcar . it 's was n't as horrible as i thought but i could have done without rolling a carry-on in a crowded bus streetcar ! you can beat $ 3 fare versus $ 50-60 with taxis though . i read somewhere that they may be working on a better way to get people from the airport to downtown . airport itself is clean and spacious . staff was friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the us customs area and departure gates for us flights are horrible . some of the gates waiting areas are so tiny , people are forced to sit on the floor or stand in the way of people walking to their gate . the amenities are n't fabulous . there is n't much for food options . there are two caf\u00e9 deli 's and a tgi fridays . bathrooms in the terminal are ok but definitely need to be updated a bit . overall it is a very well kept airport . its always very clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cha-ching . hopefully you do n't have a 12 hour layover here like i did because this airport will surely raid your wallet with there being hardly any budget-conscious eats in sight . however , i will give them props for being so fancy dancy in their food offerings . wifi was tricky . on the upside , there are plenty of maple syrup goodies available to take home ! and another upside , check out the ipads on the high tops - you can easily waste an hour or so using these bad boys to read travel stories and news . i 'm pretty sure i covered all of the travel-oriented pieces . similar to indianapolis ' airport , i appreciated the abundance of natural light that flows into the space . this especially makes a difference when you 're spending an abundance of time hanging out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "flew out of pearson to florida last week and went through us immigration in the airport . the lines were long and it took over an hour to get through customs and immigration . definitely recommend the 3 hours early . there were many people who almost missed their flights because they did n't arrive early enough . it was a little frustrating letting all the late people in line ahead of us when we arrived on time . upon returning to toronto customs was a breeze .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros - free ipads everywhere . literally , every terminal , every seat - it 's kinda overwhelming , but in a good way . wifi is complimentary and worked well for our group during the entire layover . cons - food is so expensive ! airports are generally expensive but this airport was even more expensive . a burger and fries ran around $ 15 usd which felt a bit ludicrous to pay . note that if you 're flying air canada , most flights will not be providing meals ( at least on the flight to barbados ) so you 'll need to fend for yourself at the airport in terms of food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free wireless internet is good . slow baggage handling and damaging luggage is bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 'd like to make sure that you make it to your flight on time , make sure you arrive at the airport the day before , because that 's how long you 'll have to wait at the customs line . other than the slow , agonizing wait , the airport is n't bad . it 's clean and very spacious given how hugs it is .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the look of this airport , every time i fly from pearson it feels like i am leaving through a spaceport instead of an airport . there is something about the large open main area that remains me of a spaceport from a sci-fi film . the airport is very easy to navigate and feels very clean and comfortable . the door for us customs was in an odd location and looked like a door to a backroom instead of a main security entrance . the customs area is a large open room just like the main ticket area and surprisingly ( to myself at least ) the customs agents were very friendly and quickly processed my forms . my only complaint was that as of the last time i traveled through pearson the wifi was pay only with no free options . i hope that pearson ( an most airports ) adopt free wifi for travelers in the near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the renovated part of toronto 's airport has stations ( large desks with 6-8 chairs with large ipads in front of each chair ) . you can order food and drinks from the various restaurants via the ipads and a server brings the food to you . this is really nice . each station has multiple outlets so you can charge your devices while you eat , play games on the ipad or just wait . in addition to the stations , there are regular airport chairs all around the terminal . this seating area is close to gates a 16-20 . i am unsure of if other gates have the same or similar arrangements , but this setup is really good for business travelers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i freakin love this airport . its located in one of the most popular cities in canada . this airport is super clean and people are super friendly with the exception of the security people . some are off their awesomeness . never had a problem flying in or out of this airport . i recommend people to fly thru here all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i travel through pearson a couple of times a year and have never had any problems . the check-in counters are always well staffed and the security lines move pretty quickly , even though the lines can get long at times . if you are flying to the us , there is a pre-clearance area and the line ups can be enormous , so get there with plenty of time to spare . i have seen people miss their flights more than once because of poor time management . the signs for ground transportation ( ttc , go ) can be hard to find , but keep heading downstairs and look for the overhead signs . once you are outside you will need to hunt for the relevant stop as they are not very well marked . staff at the airport are very friendly and will have no problem directing you . definitely one of the most efficient and clean airports i have been to , it 's just a pity it 's so far from downtown toronto . hopefully the union pearson express will take care of that when it launches this spring .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "l'a\u00e9roport de torronto est un grand a\u00e9roport o\u00f9 il est ais\u00e9 de recharger ses batteries physiologiques et technologiques . en effet , l'a\u00e9roport dispose de multiples si\u00e8ges assez conforts et l'acc\u00e8s au lounge ne semble donc pas indispensable . n\u00e9anmoins , je vous conseille de d\u00e9jeuner dans l'a\u00e9rogare 1 o\u00f9 les choix de consommation sont plus vastes . la partie vol internationaux est majoritairement peupl\u00e9e de magasins duty free peu rentables . n\u00e9anmoins , l'effort de connectivit\u00e9 fournit par l'a\u00e9roport est notable ; plus d'une centaine d'ipad sont accessibles en libre service . un point tr\u00e8s important entre deux correspondantes un peu tardives , sans conter les prises qui sont super accessibles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to sign up for nexus as the immigration lines are ridiculously long . i found the air canada staff who checked me in to be incredibly arrogant and were too busy talking to each other than me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i actually had a pretty decent time rolling through pearson on my way out of the country . whatever terminal i was in ( i popped a gravol maybe a little too early to help snooze through an eight-hour flight . self-medication holla ! ) was filled with cool modern art installations , the restaurants and caf\u00e9s before you pass through security seemed spot-on , going through security was a bit of a crapshoot but it always is nowadays , and the departure gate area was fine and dandy . nothing outstanding but no major headaches either . again , might have been the gravol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll start by saying i like toronto 's new terminal one . it is a dramatic improvement over the shabby , aging , under serviced and undersigned terminal two . i wo n't even recall the old terminal one aeroquay - the memory of which has blessedly faded . that being said , yyz still has a long way to go and i still do n't like flying into , out of , or through pearson airport . if only my intransigent family could be convinced to live somewhere like montreal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well this place is like a second home to me . it can be a bit of a walk to your gate so i would pay attention at check in as to where it is before you go chill out at one of the two lounges . air canada lounge or if you have an amex platinum card , you can hang there . lots of food options here . and also other shopping options to . if you are flying out early in the morning , you may need a hotel for a night , there is a sheraton gateway hotel attached to terminal 3 that is very nice . lots of rental car outlets available . oh and of course lots of tim hortons coffee doughnut kiosks..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who ever designed this place should be out to death . no more restaurants ? just no service disgusting ipad areas ? ? ? no hostess no seats no nothing it 's absolutely disgusting . i will drive to buffalo over coming to this nightmare ever again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is always great to be home . i have been to many airports and ours is pretty easy to navigate . i would to say that the exiting seems more logical than most airports . baggage claim is clear and concise and after your luggage is the exit . its home to me and it works well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waiting u to sunny , hot los angeles , california ladies ... stay away from freaking cold : ) ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "+its soo clean , you can eat off the floor -its awfully confusing +the tram is pretty cool -there is no starbucks +the staff is super friendly and helpful -there are very few electrical outlets +no crowds , i guess nobody goes to canada in the winter -very few food coffee places +nice , clean and roomy bathrooms -the wifi is expensive +there is terminal 1 and terminal 3 -but there is no terminal 2", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i kind of hate you . nothing about you is easy- you take me to two different terminals , you are ugly and you cause me stress . but at the same time you bring me to pleasant places , and you are so easy to get to with a 2.25 $ token on the ttc . sigh ..three stars it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know why , but i can not maneuver around in this airport easily . i have been in airports in asia that have better english signage ... my apologies pearson , but you need to review the signage system in your facility . t .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the worst airports ever . been travelling through pearson for 26 years now . the more i travel the more incompetent the employees , but maybe that\u00b4s just an air canada problem ? from check-in to gate to service point employees . oh not to mention all the grumpy custom officers that will always try to make your life a living hell if you have foreign country stamps in your passport . most of them are immigrants themselves and try to harass the people coming into the country , ridiculous . montreal is way different and the better option !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've pretty much travelled all over the world and toronto airport is the best ever ! it 's not much in terms of food and shopping and it 's considerably smaller than heathrow , but i can totally watch stream a full episode of family guy on the free hi-speed wi-fi , while waiting to board . that , or when i am travelling for work , i can log-in and work . you 'd be surprised at what some airports charge for wi-fi , or how awful the service is at some others . other reasons to love pearson ? 1 . friendly , helpful staff . not something you find at non-canadian airports . 2 . fastest customs ever ! so speedy.. i am usually out and about in less than 10 minutes . 3 . super clean . 4 . supports art . if you 're walking around , you 'll come across some really nice , fancy installations . 5 . timmies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sch\u00f6ner flughafen mit sehr guten weltweiten und regionalen anbindungen . vor allem das terminal 1 ist sehr gelungen und \u00fcbersichtlich . die wege sind zwar lang aber das liegt wohl an der gesamten gr\u00f6\u00dfe des flughafens . auch die wartezeiten bei der passkontrolle sind wirklich immer ok gewesen . anbindung an die stadt ist derzeit mit dem airport express bus der ttc m\u00f6glich . dieser bringt einen alle 10 minuten zur n\u00e4chsten u-bahn station . weiter m\u00f6glichkeiten sind der airporter bus 32 can $ . der bus f\u00e4hrt alle gr\u00f6\u00dferen hotels im zentrum an . oder die limousine f\u00fcr 60 can $ zur stadtmitte . ab 2 personen lohnt sich das auf jeden fall gegen\u00fcber dem airporter bus . es geht schneller und ist bequemer . unschlagbar ist allerdings die ttc die mit 3 can $ zu buche schl\u00e4gt ist aber mit gep\u00e4ck sehr unpraktisch . wenn ab 2015 die direkte bahnanbindung fertiggestellt sein wird ist die anbindung kein problem mehr .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently poor performance . this airport is incapable of getting baggage to passengers within an hour of landing . i missed connections due to operational incompetence on more than one occasion . baggage , customs , immigration , are all unsatisfactory in my book . yyz , get your sh ! t together eh !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice airport . long lines at immigration , so arrive early . it 's not the most updated airport , and it could use some updating . the free wifi is great . the airport is clean . the staff was very friendly and helpful . the customs officials were n't very friendly , but that is to be expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free wifi at the airport and lots of outlets around the terminals . if you want to get from terminal to terminal ( 1 or 3 ) you must take the airport link shuttle . you ca n't walk from one side to the other .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have flown out of toronto international twice in the last week . if you are flying to the us , limited options available for food once you clear customs . so better to eat before you head into customs and security . they have a new starbucks on the us side and tim hortons on the canadian side.. guess people flying to the us prefer starbucks ? they do offer free wifi ( why ca n't us airports do the same ? ) and the connection quality is quite good . i was still connected even after entering the aircraft .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having now flown to and from here several times as well as droping off and picking up people , i now feel able to review this . my rating is mixed the good : nice slick modern design , generally clean , nice rail service between terminals , good use of moving walkways , efficient customs ( not counting the us people , who really should not be counted anyway ) . the bad : really bad signage on the approach roads - parking needs to clearly state which terminal it is for and airling to terminal assignment signs are too small and come up too quickly . needs more services and shops - there is ample room . express parking is outrageously expensive . remote parking should be serviced by the internal rail system . no rapid train service currently and future plans are for commuter rail instead of cheaper and more eco-friendly light rail or subway . gernally one of the better airports i have encountered , but the flaws of others should not cause this to have a higher rating solely on a comparative basis .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't understand why people always have a hatred for airports . i mean ... the airport is working to accommodate a lot of passengers going in and out of the city . if you do n't want to deal with the security and the people , either ( 1 ) drive or ( 2 ) do n't travel . i was traveling to and from los angeles to toronto for a wedding . flew into toronto pearson airport at 6am and everything went smoothly . was able to pass border control and get my rental car with no issues . flew out of the same airport on a sunday evening and was super disappointed that the duty free store for ice wine closed by 7pm . since there are so many restrictions and additional fees for luggages , i was hoping to leave canada with a couple of ice wine from the duty free . otherwise , the airport is clean and had plenty of dining options . as usual , leave plenty of time to clear security & border control if you are flying to the us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are coming from tbe u.s into this airport and if you have a conecting flight , you have to go thru security twice . once in the us then again . nightmare . long lines . while the candian employees are polite they dont delagate or seem to know what they are doing . a very unprofessional vibe . the muslim secuirity chick who checked our docs held us up for a long time because she kept asking her neighbor how to do stuff . she also did not crack a smile once . then when you are coming back to the us the us workers are angry and rude and loud and the tsa agent told us `` do n't think , do n't question '' because we had a question about food on board . whhhaat ? i have never seen such a little bit of power go to a persons head . i guess when you are dealing with hs intellect , i should not be suprised . i wish flying could be fun again . thanks minority group for making flying a pain for the majority .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously , one of the cleanest airports i 've ever been in . it was actually painless going through customs , plus the agents are n't cranky ( i got there around 3am ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a simple and clean airport . security and customs officials were very friendly and that 's an important thing . unkindliness is really disturbing and unnecessary ! airports are somehow similar but their belonging to public or private sector should make the difference . some airports in the mideast and far east are luxurious shining or looks like a huge perfect shopping centre with everything needed for feeling good . indeed any airport first time experience is exciting and not to minimise ! afterwards the coming transit are easy going . i once lost the control over my notebook while using wi-fi in a european country . switch off button solved the problem and since then wi-fi is n't the first thing i 'm looking for . bad guys are everywhere !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the way canadian airports are run , the us needs to follow the example ( except for dallas fort-worth ) . this airport offers free no strings attached wifi which has decent speeds as long as you do n't download anything large ( strong enough to use from inside the plane at the gate - giving hkg airport a run for its money in terms of wifi ) , no naked body scanners , and friendly welcoming immigration as canada is known for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yyz abounds with friendly people , cleanliness , copious amounts of tv screens , and not to mention great wifi service . other positives about this metro-airport is the ability to come in and go out of customs relatively quickly ; thus avoiding long lines . they 've made it more manageable by consolidating it down into 3 terminals . on a basis of flights they are fast and staff pay attention to make sure that everyone knows where they are headed and make their flights . enough announcements go off too to make sure one does n't miss their flight ! as for accommodation such as food and coffee shops : plenty to choose from . be prepared to walk . wear comfortable shoes . maybe a slight drawback , but it 's good exercise nonetheless ! ; ) ~safe travels friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pearson -- all your fancy bells and whistles are wasted on the international travellers ! regular schlubs like myself have to snore away the time in your rather utilitarian -- albeit adequate -- domestic gates . what happened to the excitement of air travel ? also -- you change your mind about gates as often as i change my mind about which of my cats i love most ( hint : it 's whichever one sits in my lap ) . pearson -- in short , you 're a place i do n't mind visiting , but i 'm always happy to leave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing much to add here that has n't already been said . it is a really large airport and seems to have a majority of international passengers scuttling around . i was most confused about the glass partition between the hallways but finally figured out it was because one side was us and the other ca . interesting and confusing at the same time . the food options were pretty horrible in my terminal so do n't expect much there . otherwise a very typical airport with no outlets , horrible seating and terrible coffee and food options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "air canada got me home 6 hours late and dropped us off in the middle of the night at toronto airport with no way of getting home or to our hotels . i flew from san diego and they did nothing to make this right ! i will never fly with this airline again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've flown in and out of this airport a gazillion times ! what i like about it : - clean most of the time ! - lots of space to find somewhere semi quiet - lots of restrooms all over the place ! - decent amount of shops to kill time if need be - does n't stink like many large american airports ( because of the abundance of carpet ) ( iad , ord , lga come to mind ) what i do n't like about it : - needs more ethnic food ( was flying to beijing and in international termini there was no asian choices ! ) - could be way more restaurant choices ! - if the province of ontario wanted to promote ontario items would n't you think this is the perfect venue ? especially with the traffic that moves through here ? - lots of walking in a big airport - security lines can move slower than a snail or sloth 's pace ! overall i give it a 3.5 5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good airport ! fairly self explanatory with easy to find gates . i saw they had a wide variety of food options and quite a few bars . the lines moved pretty swiftly and we went through american customs here before boarding the plane , which made arriving in la super easy ! i liked flying in here , it 's not too far from the toronto core . they also have plenty of employees to help you get around if you get lost , which is super helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's an airport that gets me places that i need to go . usually pretty efficient . bring reading material .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free wifi rocks ! have had fairly pleasant experiences in this airport through the years , and customs is usually pretty quick both directions . maybe it 's because i 've been in some really horrid airports that i 'm not quite as critical as some of the other reviewers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terminal 3 is showing its age , but the wine bar by the delta gates is a welcome addition .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "getting through customs is difficult and unorganized . the tsa is also slow . both agencies did n't care if we missed our flight . all of the people except for one ( a gentleman who helped with our luggage at drop off was extremely friendly ) were not helpful nor welcoming . lastly , prior to our check in , budget car rental does n't even open until 6 am and our boarding time was prior . the worst international airport next to minneapolis we experienced today ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "huge bonus that you can go through u.s. customs on the way out . the abundance of seating on nice chairs and barstools at tables with ipads and power outlets near the restaurants is also nice . what is confusing and frustrating is the a b concourse . certain parts of it can only be accessed at certain times , so you have to wait to get to them . they also seem to title the gates interchangeably , so we went three different places before we actually got to the right gate . also , not a lot of options for dining and shopping once you 're through to the international terminal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my concern is less with the airport which is above average in my view but with the roads leading to and from the airport . the fact that the subway does n't go anywhere near this place is horrible . they need to fix that asap . the roads and highways around it are a nightmare until you get used to it . and even when you are used to it , you still can easily take the wrong exist and end up going around in circles . whatever happened to terminal 2 ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a joke of an airport . so much money was spent renovating and building the new terminal but it feels like it was never finished . terminal 1 has extremely limited food options and most with terrible quality and exorbitant prices . hours of operation are also ridiculous and if you just happen to be flying late at night you might be out of luck if wanting to grab something to eat or drink . other than the ridiculous lack of food options the terminal has nothing . it 's like an empty spot filled with whatever leftovers of 'art ' that was found . unfortunately terminal 3 does n't fare much better and its age is starting to show . all to all this the fact that there 's no decent means of transportation to and from the airport . truly an embarrassment and in need of a major overhaul .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty happy with my arrival into toronto . i 've flown into montreal a few times and the customs agents there seem to be a little more uptight then they are here in toronto . i sailed through customs pretty quick here . couple the fact that they had decent wifi that i picked up from my airplane all the way to the curb , and i was a happy camper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lester b. pearson international airport is trying very hard to be known as a world class airport . i 'm giving my two cents worth specifically on terminal 1 . domestic is okay but i have noticed that the food options available is improving with salad bars and espresso counters . however , the shopping has not ! boring and predictable . terminal 1 international is constantly under construction and i 'm hoping by the end of it all it might resemble a world class airport . i see burberry and ferragamo billboards 'coming soon ' signs and the free wifi seating areas and eateries are expanding . the usa side of terminal 1 does n't warrant a review in my opinion because it appears to be a space that has been forgotten . i 'm hoping to see the improvements continue .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a bad airport , but a little hard to find certain gates . in terminal 3 , gates b10,7,8 are a hard right after security , but the signs are a bit unclear , or you could easily miss them after you 're putting stuff back in your pockets after security . they have enough restaurants on the other side of security but limited options once in the terminal . make sure you know which terminal to go to before you get to the airport because the cabbies certainly do n't have any idea .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although my check in history does not reflect it , i fly out of this airport several times per year . the airport is extremely large and clean and the staff are very friendly . restaurant selection is decent now after renovations . so why dock a star ? ... . please please please have more than 3 people working at us customs ... .every time ... . so give yourself a extra hour if you need to pass through here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will never fly into the u.s. through toronto again . it 's a `` pre-clearance '' airport for entry into the u.s . which means you go through customs before you board your flight . the process is so unbelievably horrible , time-consuming , confounding , onerous , complicated , awful , and laborious , it 's almost impossible to describe . just do n't do it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think one of the pluses of this airport is the electronic customs kiosks for the canadian citizens who return from aboard . it really makes the process a lot faster than talking to someone at a desk and the wait times have been pretty short in my experience . also , the gates for the larger , popular flights are very spacious with lots and lots of seating and desks . the desks have a lot of charging stations ( which is important ) and ipads to play around with . the only downside is that the food is pretty expensive and average to below-average quality . other than that its a fairly good airport . looks good aesthetically , has a variety of food and shopping options relative to its size and does its job . the only other reason to review an airport would be if you were wronged some way or the other .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first time traveling through toronto internationally ( from us to europe ) . i 'll never come through here again . international passengers must exit and re-enter . first fail . terminals are very far apart , with poor signage . second fail . us customs security process a disorganized mess , everyone clueless . strike three you 're out . fundamental process and personnel problems here . do not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pearson is a pretty classic airport . nothing too out of the ordinary here . it can be quite chaotic depending the day you are flying which is standard for any airport . airport personnel are quite friendly and polite . it is a little in the middle of nowhere but with the new subway taking you straight there it 's very convenient to travel to and from this airport now which makes it increasingly convenient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved this airport ! a huge selection of fine dining restaurants , all streamlined with tech friendly service . each seat has an ipad from which you can order and pay at your seat , and then browse the internet and keep track of your flight while being served great meals and top quality drinks . it 's canada , so of course it costs an arm and a leg , but it 's still absolutely worth it . i hope to have a layover here again in the future because i enjoyed this last one so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too many issues with pearson . security is fast , ac lounge is a good size ( although the elevators seem always full ) . food options are somewhat limited , but at least there are options ! i normally fly through terminal 1 , which is what this is based on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i travel a lot for work all around north america and have traveled through europe as well and this is one of the worst airport experiences i have ever had . i arrived at pearson this morning at 6:20am for an 8:50 flight.. 2.5 hours early ! ! they refused to let me through customs until 8:00 and i very nearly missed my flight . people were visibly upset and crying as the rude and unhelpful staff attempted to corral us like cattle into a `` lounge '' waiting area . additionally , most of the passport scanners at check-in were broken or malfunctioning and the one restaurant that was open by my gate , f86 , which takes forever to walk to , was not accepting credit cards as their machines were broken . this airport needs to get it 's shit together asap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a main airline hub toronto pearson can either make your life easy for international connections or very complicated when the weather turns bad . when we toronto is my final destination i usually opt for flights into toronto island airport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i actually did n't mind this airport too much", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terminal 3 is possibly the ugliest and most poorly planned place of human torture ever designed . confusing signage and lacking any of the finesse that was invested in terminal 1 , this eyesore brings pearson down . go buses do n't even service this terminal . not to mention , the airport `` train '' is idiotic . god forbid you get on it at terminal 3 because the signage is unclear which direction the train is headed . both sides of the platform say the same goddamn thing . luckily there are only 3 stops on this line so it does n't matter if you have rotten luck . did i mention terminal 3 sucks ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible airport in general . service is always bad and nothing flows as it should . i travel a lot for work and this probably ranks as one of the worst airports in north america .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's really a single terminal these days . but its clean and bright . get nexus if you ate going to fly to the usa often . the immigration lines can otherwise be very annoying . plus you look very important as you confidently stride towards the eye scanning alternative to a human . aircanada maple leaf lounges are the best in their genre . so hopefully you have access . if not there 's a pay lounge but that 's silly . just go to the molson bar . try not to fly usairways . they make toronto look bad but i suspect it 's not tos fault . stay at the sheraton gateway if you arrive late or leave early .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lbp is hit and miss at best . with flight delays , lost baggage , questionable food drinks with the loopiest servers i 've ever had the fortune of meeting , i do n't know how to grade this airport . checking in on-line is the only way to do it , unfortunately . that and never check baggage . it does n't matter how long you 're gone = you will save yourself an hour each way if you just stuff everything in a carry on . i wo n't say any more on the matter , just in case i 'm pulled aside during my next flight ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just chuckled to myself . according to yelp , i am a regular at yyz . this is the closest airport to my hometown , so it is n't like i have other options , but i 've never had a bad experience at pearson . actually , if i absolutely have to have a layover when flying , i try and pick pearson , partially because i know my way around , but also because there 's more to see do eat on those long stops .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all in all , not a bad airport . i flew in and out internationally so i ca n't speak to how domestic flights are but i will tell you that i wish signs pointing you to the rental car return started way earlier . i got a bit turned around initially trying to figure out if i was going the right way for that . the air canada lines were super long . granted , it was friday afternoon , but they also took really , really long to move ( i spent an hour in line to get a boarding pass because the kiosk would n't print it . the employees all seemed really nice and helpful and we did customs before we even did security ! that was actually pretty helpful but if i had n't had global entry it would have taken me even longer than anticipated . the airport facilities themselves were clean and well-kept . really wide walkways so people going opposite directions do n't have to keep running into each other .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "airport is clean . that 's they only good thing i can say . so if you have multiple flights coming in , why , oh why do you only have multiple customs officers , but only two lines open to leave and get to your connection flights ? why does it take 50+ minutes to get your bags ? combine this airport with air canada and you have a perfect storm of jackass-ery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate this airport ! it is terrible ! the staff are so rude , and it almost as though everyone works in slow motion all day long . fly porter if you can ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this airport is huge ! if you have a transfer and flying to the states on a smaller plane , you go through a maze to a very crowded - no food shops in sight in a little hallway of waiting areas - which totally sucks . some of the bigger terminals are nice with good food options but it 's a crapshoot on which terminal you may end up at . value 3 5 atmosphere 2 5 service 2 5 quality 3 5 10 20", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really ? an international airport and no lounge access for us flights leaving from terminal 3 ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "understand that this airport deals with customs enforcement , but this airport sucks horribly ! the set up is trash . be prepared to leave security and go right back through . then finding booking or ticketing just is n't going to happen . even finding baggage was an adventure . the recommended 2 hrs before travel should be extended to at least 3 hours if you 're flying in , thru , or out of yyz .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while the airport is fine , it 's too far from toronto . it was a $ 65 cab ride to the four seasons hotel and a $ 70 cab ride back . allow a solid 40 minutes for the ride from the city to the airport . traffic is crazy as we left on sunday morning and it was stop and go . checkin and us customs was typical . the electronic passport control is a nice idea , but it seemed most travelers , including myself could n't get it to work . we converted our remaining euros and canadian dollars back to us and were off to starbucks near gate a13 for a snack while waiting to board .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to canada in may for a friend 's wedding and flew into pearson . the terminal was clean and the directional signage made sense . going through customs was a breeze and did not cause any hassles issues . all in all , toronto has a very nice airport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to many airports . people love to complain about 'em all . but i feel differently about yyz . most of this review will be comparatively speaking but it 's worth being said . the airport is big , clean and easy to navigate . food options are decent . shops are ok but who plans to go shopping at the airport . next time you 're here , stop and look around . enjoy the cleanliness and food options . the six !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "riesiger flughafen mit sehr weiten wegen , daf\u00fcr ist aber alles sehr gut strukturiert . ( umsteigeverbindung nach us , mit nur 1.15h aufenthalt war extrem eng . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein flughafen mit umfangreichem shopping- und bewirtungsangebot und es gibt so nette sitzgelegenheiten , die allesamt jeweils mit einem ipad ausgestattet sind . man kann darauf spielen ( gl\u00fccksspiele ) oder sich etwas auf den platz bestellen , auf dem man sitzt oder glatt auf den platz in dem flugzeug , in das man bald einsteigt . eine nette idee , die einem das warten auf den flug sehr kurzweilig gestaltet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an efficient airport with okay food choices . i use f gate all the time for the flights to the us and the border controls are all there - very convenience even the line is always long . i would recommend you budget 30-45 mins for the tsa and immigration check points . the waiting area for the f gates are setup like a restaurant in which you can order food to be delivered to you at the table . this is a nice feature . i had once to fly domestic canada and the experience was less pleasant- as i remembered an one hour wait just to go through the security check . not good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent international airport . they have some weird security check points like scanning your passport at least three times . we had a carry on bag where they made us take some things out and then place those items in a book bag . what is the point ? we are stilling boarding the plane with the same items and the same weight . very strange . there are some good places to eat here and our gate came with a sitting area where we could use an ipad mini and free wifi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quite efficient . can be long line-ups but they move quick . get there a few hours before your flight . tip : park at the extended parking ( monorail ) . it has gotten more expensive but is not even close to what you would pay at the terminal . see you soon yyz", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my 1st int'l flight , and airport employees were very friendly , efficient , and helpful . the security process was lengthy , but i felt safe as they were very thorough and it was also not crowded . all in all , process time was an hour or so from check in until finishing up at customs . i did not care for the layout of the airport terminal ( seemed like it was going through a remodeling process ( ? ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh pearson ... . it seems like there 's always something frustrating about flying through here . so far i have n't had any major problems ( knock on wood ... ) but almost every trip , something annoying happens . i 've been sent through the wrong security gate , had all kinds of delays , been yelled at by gate staff for daring to ask that perhaps my carry on and i could get on the flight departing in 15 minutes rather than the next one ... ... it 's always nice when you can plan a trip that does n't require going through pearson . i love walking quickly on the moving sidewalks with no one in front of me though ... i am so fast . and the tim hortons has been my first `` home '' meal after a number of international trips .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "left with 20 minutes to connect between flights because the ground crew was not ready for our aircraft . custom agents were super friendly ... . ( sarcasm ) - was sent to immigration because the customs agent did n't understand the `` nature of my business '' after bs immigration , 10 minutes to connect between flights , literally tore ass through the airport to of course go through security a second time & then run to my gate ... ... i 'm not a fan of this airport at all ... .maybe the next time i connect there it 'll be better , but somehow i doubt it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a huge fan . terminal 3 is dingy and food options are very limited . the airport is not connected to the subway , you have to take a bus to kipling station if you want to use public transport . the airport 's pretty far from town too so a cab will set you back $ 60+tip . and the admiral 's club is definitely tiny ... ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good ! stores ( eg : duty free ) are opened from 4:30am so when i got here around 5:30am i had things to do ! washrooms are super clean as well ! one thing i did n't like was that there is no water fountain to fill up my water bottle..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pearson is one of the better and more modern airports i 've been to . they are always looking for ways to improve the flow of traffic in the airport . this could be annoying if you want everything to be the same each time you 're here . pearson is more relaxing than my home airport . they have a variety of vegan options at the airport , like veggie burgers at many of the restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this airport does not have great food options . the wait to get through customs to fly to the us is really long , so go to the airport early . free wifi !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean and friendly airport ... basically designed to make you miss your next flight . i had to go through more slow security measures than i think you see even in the us . my two hour connection turned into lost baggage and and a sprint for last bording . they even made me stand in a ridiculous line for my checked baggage that they lost . get it together i expect more from such a nice place . hire the correct amount of staff and figure out how to streamline all of these checkpoints- i do n't need another damn x-ray if i never left the terminal they did that in holland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not my favorite airport in canada , healthy food choices are dependent on which terminal you are departing out from . starbucks in terminal 1 and 3 , not sure about 2 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they do the best they can with what they have . it can often feel cold but the staff is peppered with great people who deliver great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "iv just had a first tonight , a good experience at pearson ! ! ! with air canada ! ! ! ! my mom was flying out and she is a one woman circus show at the airport . she always has too much luggage , everything is overweight , always pays extra , gets her luggage wrapped like a fish , and we always have to shift clothing around from bag to bag ... .woman does not travel light . for one person she had four huge suitcases . i forget the attendants name but she handled us like a pro . she had a 12 hour shift and was patient , calm , professional and friendly . i wish everyone at the airport was like her", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a standard large airport . lots of walking to get to baggage claim . signs are clear and visible . tim horton 's at the domestic terminal to get my steeped tea fix in the morning . large tv screens at the gates to help pass the time . free wifi . no complaints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice airport . better than most of us airports . lounge with complimentary tablets and outlets is bonus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terminal 3 sucks . there are only 2 men 's rooms at the gates . this means that about 1500 men at any given time when it is busy , have to make due with only 4 actual toilets . so if you need to desperately `` send a fedex package '' be prepared to wait in line in a warm , stinky restroom , which echoes of the sounds coming out of the two lucky contestants currently texting while pooping . the food selection is okay . skip the first cafe and go further down where you can sit at the self service ipad tables and order food and bev right to you from nobel burger .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the difference between terminal one canada departures and united states departures is night and day . flying within canada you have plenty of shopping and dinning options . usa departures are bare bones .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pearson can be piercing . i love this airport until i have to interact with those yellow uniformed staff that control the line ups to the u.s gates . these individuals are more clueless then a foreign traveler who ca n't read signs in the local language . i have seen way too many of the following after interactions with these peeps-passengers being directed to the wrong lines , passengers being given customs declaration forms who do n't them ( and the other way around ) , people randomly selected from one line to be placed in a longer line . getting past these folks has proven to be tougher then facing border patrol especially when encountering several of them conveying contradictory information . in a nutshell , expect delays , these yellow folks are just like the yellow in a traffic light-they slow people down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually fly delta from the us to or through pearson , and its an okay airport . if you do customs in the delta terminal its a four star airport . customs through the air canada terminal ? two stars . i had an a gate the last time that i seriously was trying to figure out as i walked there how a airport gate could be in a basement . it was like airport purgatory . even the staff working nearby seemed to be on some sort of probation or punishment stint having been banished to this remove and desolate location . there are tons of food options , the transportation between the terminals is efficient ... it has its good , and bad ... its pretty average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in a few months this airport will be lovely but at the moment it is like the rest of toronto and subject to building work . currently there 's not much at all to do after security but there are plans for some great designer stores to open this winter , a nice clean and quick process on arrival and departure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "der internationale flughafen mit dem drei-letter-code yyz liegt ca . 27 km ausserhalb der stadt toronto und bildet ein wichtiges kanadisches drehkreuz an der ostk\u00fcste . bei den passagierzahlen belegt der moderne flughafen national platz 1 und global platz 30 . \u00fcber 65 fluggesellschaften aus aller welt fliegen den flughafen an . aus europa unter anderem die lufthansa , air france , klm , all italia , jet airways ( via br\u00fcssel ) , turkish airlines und viele weitere . der flughafen wurde 1939 als malton airport er\u00f6ffnet . 1960 erfolgte die umbenennung in toronto international airport sowie 1984 in lester b. pearson international airport . der flughafen wurde und wird st\u00e4ndig weiter modernisiert und vergr\u00f6\u00dfert . man muss schon sehr gut zu fu\u00df sein , da die wege - vor allem zwischen den terminals - sehr weit sind . dennoch ist dieser flughafen wirklich ein sch\u00f6ner und moderner flughafen und ist bei weitem besser , als so manch anderer flughafen an der ostk\u00fcste !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are things i like about the new t1 are yyz . i like there are plenty of self serve kiosks to check in , i like the clear signage , and the bright open spaces , but i dislike how drab and boring it is . as a building , it lacks a lot of personality . however that being said , it 's an efficient airport , even when overloaded with the christmas rush . the domestic pier is easy to navigate , the maple leaf lounge is well appointed and there is plenty of seating at the gates . now if only airport designers only figured out how to deal with airport induced stupidity in people , flying would be a lot more fun .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "considering pearson is a very large airport it has very clearly marked traffic patterns and moving sidewalks from the terminals to the rental car areas and transports areas . this makes moving thought the airport managable for able-bodied people . shopping choices and food choices are wide ranging . i really liked the mills brew pub a nice way to spend your time waiting for a flight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not really the biggest fan . coming from the west coast , though , we 're a bit spoiled . pearson is a bit confusing and , aesthetically speaking , just not as appealing as yvr . plus , i totally did not appreciate how the sequestered four flights onto one baggage carousel when there were five other , empty ones available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "basically this is a beautiful airport as stated in the reviews : clean , modern , and spacious . the immigrations officers to enter canada need to go back to school though . they are very extremely rude . coming back to the us they are alot nicer then entering canada . be prepared to arrive 2 3 hrs prior cause waiting in the immigrations line gets very full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "35 minutes to get to the maple leaf lounge-from the alt hotel , with sky train ride , through customs and u.s. immigration . that was at 5 in the morning but still an awesome way to start a long travel day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the big city like toronto , its pearson international airport seems almost small . good thing is , there is n't too much walking . the not so good thing is , the wait area can get quite crowded . but i do appreciate its train shuttle service to union station downtown , which runs every 15 mins , and would get you to there in half an hour . generally , i try to get in , get out , and not to linger , because there is n't much reason to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're going back to the us - customs happen here , so make sure you get there early !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a fairly large and seemingly busy airport . i had a layover here recently on a business trip to the canadian boonies . i 'm used to atlanta hartsfield jackson - the busiest airport in the world ... atlanta 's airport is huge but toronto-pearson seems like it took way longer to navigate . long walks and confusing multi-floor gateways might make travel through this airport difficult . i will say that the airport was very clean . i was able to get food and there seemed to be a good variety of choices when you 're hungry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical international airport . run of the mill overall . baggage does take forever though and rental cars are a decent trek and also take forever .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved the check in process and all of the technology that the airport takes advantage of . however it seems like they have to implement all of the technology because when you do have to interact with someone it is unpleasant . canadians that work at the airport seem to have the unhelpful thing down to a science . rude , rude and rude . add to that treating those flying into the states like second class citizens with few shopping and dining options available the airport leaves a bad feeling after a nice holiday- not i think how the tourism board would want them to act .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as airports go , there is little to complain about at yyz . free wifi with the `` real internet , '' relatively easy to navigate , relatively clean . do n't underestimate the line to clear us customs though -- there is a line to get into the line to get cleared which funnels into another line to clear security and chances are either you or the traveller directly in front of you will be randomly selected for additional screening . amex plat holders take note , after clearing customs veer to the left of the security lineup for the express track .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate this airport , with a passion . it 's large , sprawling , and does n't always make any sense . t food options are dreadful , no matter what time of day it is . i you happen to need directions or have a question , there are plenty of staff available ; just do n't expect friendliness or smiles . i fly through here on occasion because inhale no choice , but if i did , i wold give it a pass . for such a large city , this airport is truly disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this airport is so slowwwww . my plane had landed for half an hour before we were able to exit . after which , i had to wait another half hour before baggage came onto the carousel . the lady at customs was unfriendly and condescending . at times it seemed like she was trying to make conversation , but it ultimately came off as her being judgey . honestly , most of the employees here do n't smile and are either dismissive or rude . the airport does n't have enough signage , making it hard to find the right checkin counters , and confusing as to what was required for security . make sure you know which terminal you 're heading to before you get to the airport ; i did n't see any signs directing people to the appropriate terminal by airline . also make sure your electronics are charged as there are no outlets by the seating areas . if you 're super desperate there are some outlets lining the walkways - convenient .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since they started self check inns for immigration for returning canadians . i have started liking pearson airport . now it 's way faster coming in or going out . it has an aged terminal 3 which needs allot to be upgraded but i do n't mind new terminal one . mind it , it was built with six billion dollars of tax payers money and pearson airport is still charging $ 15 as terminal upgrading fee to every one coming i or flying out of it . koolna ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "liked the ipads available for internet surfing . would have been great if they actually worked . pressed `` call a server '' no one came by for half an hour . gave up", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was at this airport for a layover . the signs were well marked and there were employees assisting with where you need to go along the way . i had to take a shuttle bus from my arrival terminal to another terminal of the connecting flight . the bus driver was very nice . the terminal had plenty of seating areas and several areas with phone charging outlets . there were not that many shops to browse through at the terminal that i 'm at even though i looked up on the airport 's web site and saw that they have many shops . maybe they are all located in the international terminals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 words . filthy bathrooms . the aroma of urine is so overwhelming that you 'll puke . not to mention there 's so few toilets that if you have to go , you better hope the crap gods are looking down on you . if you have an emergency , good f-ing luck , you 'll probably shite yourself . mix in a shitty terminal ( 3 ) for u.s. delta flights with customs and you got yourself a not fun experience . for the love of god , somebody clean that place up . it 's 2017 not 1917", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use this airport often and have rarely had any complaints . the airport is under serious renovation so it 's a bit of a maze right now . the restaurant selection in the international terminal could be improved but i have seen far worse . there are a lot of check-in kiosks which make the process so much faster - i 'm a huge fan of this !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always wonder what information one is looking for when reading a review on an airport ... it 's not like you would say , `` hey , this toronto airport has bad reviews , so i 'll go to the other toronto airport . '' no , you 'll go where the best flight prices say you 're going to land in toronto , and that will probably be toronto pearson intl airport . that said , the airport was n't too busy , and processed us pretty fast . the only knocks i had were ... 1 . the wifi signal was weak throughout many parts of the terminal 2 . there seemed to be more lines i stood in than i was accustomed too . even a line after the baggage claim , which i thought was a bit odd ( maybe it 's just been a while since i traveled ) . but , i do think each person i talked to that worked there was really friendly . so i bumped the rating up to a 4 star . beyond that , pretty much like any other airport . no real complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was actually one of the nicest airports i have ever been in . they have a couple areas that have complementary ipads for wifi access . the place is clean and comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't spend much time in the airpot , i was in a smaller terminal and i got there at 4:30am and left around 6:45 . so my review may not reflect being there during peak hours . i had no issues getting through security , no wait at all . the staff i did speak to were very nice . there were plenty of places to sit and eat shop . i sat down and ordered my food drink from an ipad at the table which was super continent . my flight was on time and everything went perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start by saying this is a bad review in many ways and the situation made it that way . long story short the security screeners decided to slow down the process because they were not happy with working conditions . 4.5 hours waiting in line to get throughout screening . flights were delayed and i was lucky that the flight home was delayed two hours . i did make it home . here is what i did n't like about the airport . it is white and gray , no color , no plants . it is very large and seems like a big waste of space . for an international `` world class '' city , i expected more . the express jet terminals what a joke ! people do n't ever complain about cle concourse d it is the taj mahal compared to this . enough ranting . toronto is a great city , next time i go i will drive !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "trotz der gr\u00f6\u00dfe ein sehr gut ausgeschilderter flughafen . beim check in sprachen einige servicekr\u00e4fte sogar deutsch , da waren auch \u00e4ltere mitreisende etwas weniger aufgeregt . im gatebereich gibt es kostenlosen internetzugang \u00fcber wlan . daher kann ich meinen eindruck auch sofort qypen ! ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "toronto pearson is a great airport ! flew in on a c and the terminal is beautiful . bathrooms are very clean , and there is plenty of room in the terminal . you do n't feel as closed in as some other us airports . having the us customs in canada was awesome . what a great idea . both customs agents were good on both sides . i only hold back 1 star because on entry to canada , there were no pens to fill out my id card . this was a little annoying , but overall , a great place to fly in and out of . it kind of reminds me of an international ice hockey rink , compared the common normal size skating rink . alot of room here to move about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was one of the trendiest airports i 've ever been to . on my layover to europe , i went shopping , and they had a shirtless male model dressed like the cover of a fabio - style romance novel , there to advertise a new fragrance . and they had free wifi , with ipads and comfortable chairs for anyone to use while they waited for their flight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean . traveling back to the us was a bit of challenge . it took much longer than the process from the states to canada . instructions and overall flow of the process could have been much smoother . many people had no idea where to go , when to go and what they needed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "large clean airport but not easy to navigate and really slow service . aircraft was left on the tarmac since our gate was full . customs had long lines and pissy customs agents .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give this airport a 3.5 , really . i was here for a connection flight from the us to israel . as soon as we got off our plane we had to wait in a long line to get our passports checked , but that is to be expected in an airport . the border patrol men were n't very friendly but they got the job done . the best part of this airport is the lounge area , where they have comfortable chairs and ipads to use for browsing the internet , playing games , ordering food , etc . that made the waiting time less excruciating . another downside is the fact that the food and drinks were incredibly expensive , even for airport standards . so in summary , be prepared to pay a lot of money for food , but you may browse the internet for free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why did n't pearson impress me ! ? well , i found it horribly confusing to navigate ... have you seen their signs ? no ux geniuses for sure . no interactiveness . no good shopping . the only reason i give them a 2-star rating is the free internet . it is rather bizarre that they have such terrible customer service . especially the young and naive custom workers that ca n't keep a smile on their face while welcoming you to canada . immigration was pretty cool.. but i found the security personnel to be obnoxious and rude toward some people . the food at this airport is awful . there are no good options , other than pizza slices and sandwiches . no high-end , no medium-end . just a big gusty meh . i was expecting pearson to be a bit cooler than this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took a $ 50 cab ride from queens street & crawford to the airport . pretty quick and smooth here until i got to where they scan the bags . one of the agents was super super slow and told me i could n't bring my 3 oz . beauty products -- then i pointed out the 3 oz in the product description and he let me go through ... i guess it 's good that he was super thorough ... not quite sure . wifi was strong near gate a15 and nobel burger bar was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lack of a direct public transportation option to toronto and air canada 's massive ineptitude of handling technical difficulties forces a lower rating but with free wifi and hassle-free customs security , it still earns 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i find this airport pretty boring , with long walks and a lack of good places to shop and eat at . terminal 3 has more character than terminal 1 . god help you when you land late at night as the walk to customs or the luggage carousel seems like several miles , and half the time the moving walkway is not in service . you would think they would have learned from the efficiency of other airports ( jfk , o'hare ) but it does n't even come close . free wi-fi is about the best thing they have . wear comfortable shoes when arriving at this place !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know it is under construction , but this airport is too small to accommodate this many passengers ... . try to go to a bar to drink a beer ... well it 's an odyssey ... . lines all over the place to buy anything ! duty free ... they do n't even have tastings of their ice wine ... they should ... i would have bought more if i had the chance to try them ... service so so.. restrooms not clean ... again , i hope they do take care of these issues once the airport is up and running ... so far not a great job ... felt i was in a third world countries airport ! ! ! safe travels ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love to fly and going home for christmas was a nice treat ! i have been to a few international airports and this place is great ! terminal 3 west jet departure went swiftly ! i was in and out of checking my luggage and security in no time . term 3 side is average and has the conveniences that you may need . term 1 arriving back with air canada i was amazed by how much more there is at this terminal.. i thought i was bumped up to 1st class citizen walking through terminal 1 compared to terminal 3 . i do n't think you would ever need to leave you have plenty of shops and restaurants to check out that will make you want to check in early and travel out of terminal 1 next time . terminal 1 also has the maple leaf lounge for all those loyal travelers with their elite flight statuses . guess i better get flying !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been flying in and out of toronto pearson five times a year for 25 years now . after the expansion , both terminals are great . lots of space with very high ceilings . plenty of restaurants and retail . there is not as much retail as some of the larger airports , but you do n't go to an airport to shop . free wifi , lots of seating , and clean restrooms too . if you ever seen lax in los angeles , you would think that toronto pearson is heaven .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have flown in an out of here numerous times . i like ... . the cleanliness , as well as the general ease departing from here . the layout is fairly straightforward . unlike the united states , most of the security personnel , while perhaps not the nicest people you have ever met , do not seem to be trained to see everyone as a likely terrorist threat . i dislike ... .. long delays for luggage to arrive from the plane , no subway connection to town , and limited food choices in some areas of the airport . limited competition also means higher prices from pearson . if you need to go to the states , a ride to buffalo may be worth the extra three hours of driving and wait at the u.s. border .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think having detroit metro airport has spoiled me because every airport i 'm at now i 'm looking for the wine bar , massage parlor , decent eats , and ease of getting around . pearson is ok , but when flying northwest you are very limited for food and drink , the customs cue was very long and tacked on another 25 minutes to my travel time . i appreciate safety but this process should be re-evaluted . it is n't too difficult to get around the airport , but separating out u.s. and canada departures is a bit confusing . overall its a 50 50 toss up whether driving is better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the security process is pretty smooth and the agents are friendly and helpful . i really like that it has free wifi . traffic on the 401 is constantly backed up which makes it very difficult to get to the airport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i totally dig yyz ! what a wonderful efficient airport ! i used it as a connection point to and from europe to from the us and am blown away by the efficiency and cleanliness . the free wifi does help too and the fact that everyone here is super nice and kind . whoever vamped it up really saw and understood travelers needs and fulfilled them . i wish there would be more like this on the north american continent ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible welcome to toronto when you have to wait over an hour to get your bags .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely ridiculous that the lounges are in terminal 1 , but the us flights are out of terminal 3 because that 's where the usa immigration happens . and because you 're now in the `` us '' there are no tim horton 's to get your last fix , because youre in the us , so enjoy starbucks , as told to us by the graound staff . so across the room , past the glass , you see th but because we 're us bound , you 're cut off . duty free is abysmal , food choices are just as bad . disappointing and extremely pathetic state .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its always under construction , but then all airports are growing . compared to vancouver , its quite plain . the food court only has 3 choices ( canadian area ) . it was easy enough to connect from nyc to kelowna on westjet . you just need lots of time and patience", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terminal 3 youre horrible , everything is so unorganized . starting from an escalator being repaired and 1 elevator to lift 2 airplane passenger . 45 mins to get up ? ! custom line up being everywhere , mo proper set up ! and baggages being 30 mins wait to come out . please we got ta fix this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "easy airport to navigate . jut make sure you get your terminal correct , that can be a haul to switch . very clean and well appointed . they just updated the us gates and customs area . much better than it used to be . only downside is if you are flying american commuter flights to us . it is down in gates a6-9 . it 's like being in a crowded basement", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this airport loses a star for how far some gates are from the central area of the terminal . this is mostly true in terminal 1 . other than that . they 've made great strides to improve to in-airport experience in all terminals . clean , spacious and open with a lot of seating and charging stations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i ever fly to europe again , from the us , it wont be through toronto . it took us almost 1.5 hours from the time we got off , went through at least three screen points , and we never left the terminal . i did apprecialte not going through customs in the us , but this is ridiculous . never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well what can i say ? our airport is one of the best except for a large custom delay going to the us . expect to wait for half an hour . flying air canada ? expect more delays . check in two hours before your scheduled flight or you 'll miss your flight - or have a panic attack as the clock ticks and you wait in line helplessly . shoe shine service for a fee close to the terminals so old shoes will look fresh before your out of town meeting . there are decent restaurants inside just below the escalator after security and close to gates 173-174 . not a good selection for duty free item though so do your shopping outside the airport . but it comes in handy if you forgot to buy jewellery for your waiting girlfriend at home ( bad boy ) . a big plus ? it 's got a free wi-fi , as in free free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great experience travelling san diego to barcelona via toronto a couple of weeks back . loved the airport , so modern , hyper clean , spacious and technologically advanced . everything seems very well designed with user experience in mind . the automated check-in machines for u.s. customs is a great and useful idea , i have n't seen that before . also , the fact that you have free wi-fi non stop is amazing ( barcelona airport , copy that ! ) and there are ipads in every bar that you can use even if you do n't consume . i had such a great experience that i will recommend anyone doing my route the same one , this was unusual for me , just because i found a cheaper than usual deal , and was hesitant to travel via toronto . everybody very polite and french speaking as well as english .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this airport because they have done a decent job of making it idiot proof . terminal 3 , gate a13 is like a cool restaurant or a club . so it 's hard to get sleep here . but i plugged my ears with sleater-kinney and read a book . had a burger at nobel burger . doodled around on the complimentary ipads a while . flight left half an hour late for detroit , but that 's what the early rising is for . i love this toronto . the airport complements it well , even if it is in mississauga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went to pick up a colleague who landed at pearson from heathrow on a british airways flight . he landed at 3:15pm and did not get out with his bags to until 5:30pm ~ all of the international flights came in at the same time and of the nearly 30 customs counters , only 7 were open . what an absolute embarrasment to guests visiting canada for the first time . there is no excuse for this . the airport is bright and clean with lots of vendors and coffee shops . you can pick up some nice souvenirs here too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a\u00e9roport bien entretenu , personnel rapide et efficace concernant le check in des bagages et la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 . un b\u00e9mol sur l'aerogare 1 : on note le gros effort fournit en mati\u00e8re de restos et gastronomies diverses comme chinois , japonais , burger et sandwicherie . personnellement je trouve qu'il y a beaucoup trop de tables avec ipad et pas assez de grandes banquettes dites classiques pour se relaxer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i travel quite a lot . i find yyz to be an efficient airport . i usually park the value lot , train to term 1 , and head to one of 3 areas for air canada , canada , usa , or intl . usa clearance has greatly improved recently , security first , scan passport , then customs . takes anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes . i see a lot of waiting areas to line up , so maybe it gets much busier at other times . 4 stars because the overall food experience is so expensive . i assume it 's the sky high rent paid to airport owners , just another form of airport tax i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , well organized airport . as someone who likes to drink quite a bit before my flight , you can find some pretty affordable alcohol here - 7.50 drinks in the bars they have right in the gates , which is pretty sweet for an airport . a++++ food options are perfectly fine - they 've got a timmy 's , some overpriced , fancier sports bars , and quite a bit of causal dining options . there 's quite an intense walk between some gates , which really gets on my nerves , especially when i 'm lugging around my luggage with me . seriously , a ten minute walk between united gates ? ? ? i ca n't for the life of me figure out how to connect to the wifi , even though it has the enticing name of `` pearson free wifi . '' i 'll watch all the car commercials and take all the surveys you ask if i can just get me some netflix when i wait for my plane , but for some reason it never works .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this airport has a great customs operation for international travelers ! the line is quick and the staff are very friendly and courteous !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beer came . food not so much , was cold by the time it did arrive . the tech server interface needs a bit of work !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "massive security lines , always one of the slowest airports in north america . most of security can easily be fixed by reallocating the staff , but that would mean someone would need to pay attention to the mess they have . the food selections are terrible , and this airport should be avoided . i will fly into another city into toronto city just to avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were only at this airport for about two hours ... on route from munich to toronto to lax . free wi-fi , best perk ! we were able to go through usa customs directly at this canadian airport . pretty efficient since i do n't have to go through customs when arriving to the states . lots of eateries & a huge airport in general , largest air canada fleet ever ! clean and well lit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent a\u00e9roport dot\u00e9 d'une signal\u00e9tique claire et des nombreux services que l'on peut attendre d'un lieu d'attente et de transit : si\u00e8ges confortables , wifi performant , nombreuses prises de courant , restaurants et tavernes agr\u00e9ables dont beaucoup sont dot\u00e9s d'ipad permettant d'acc\u00e9l\u00e9rer grandement le service : pas besoin d'attendre le serveur pour commander ni pour payer ... et l'ipad vous affiche l'ouverture de votre embarquement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very modern and clean terminal with a lot of foreign and domest carriers with air service all over the world and everywhere in canada . the airport also has a great selection of food and shopping options . however the food in the airport is three times the price of everywhere else . i paid almost 6 can for a hotdog that is 1 back home . pack a snack and this is a great airport . you can see people and planes from all over the world .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yyz is a relatively clean and efficient airport that looks more european than american . my experience has been limited to terminal 1 , which i believe is only flights to the u.s . there is adequate seating , amenities , and duty free shopping to pass the time . security lines are not quick , but for a busy international flight to america , the process is n't unreasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pay parking lot annoys me , big time ! . i do n't get how they block most of the entry ways and its like pointing you to nowhere because its full already ! even at 5'o clock in the morning ! give me a break !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have traveled a bunch , and have to sat pearson is the worst , getting off the plane is always on the other side of the airport , causing you to hike a mile through the airport , then even after a big long walk , your luggage has n't arrived yet ( it usually takes about an hour ) . no food or drink available to arriving passengers either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for an airport ? yes , it 's clean , people are polite , the customs process ran efficiently even though there were thousands of people . the most important thing for me was the free wifi . it 's refreshing not being overcharged when i only need to jump on the internet for a few minutes . thanks for the positive experience toronto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a pleasure to hear great feedback from family and friends visiting about this airport . airport has a couple of terminals and both arrivals and departures are easily accessible . intra airport train is also available for travelling between terminals but so far i did not have to use it . overall a clean airport with a friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going through the security controls at the terminal 3 ranks as one of the worst experiences i had in more than 15 years of business travels across the globe . the priority lane takes the passengers to the most disorganized and poorly designed baggage check a distorted human mind could ever design . while the other baggage checks proceed smoothly and fast or sit not utilized , this one goes at half of the speed . always . if someone is in a hurry there is no way to move to the other faster lines , thanks to the flexibility and customer focus of the security staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been waiting for my luggage for over 40 minutes now ... . what a fucking waste of time ! toronto definitely needs improvements ! ! so sad ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "courteous personnel , worth to be noted . low waiting time at the security but that 's contextual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customs and security assured me that i would n't be late despite long lines ( transfer from northbay ) , and i missed my flight and was unable to visit with my father due to this . nobody cared much - i was allowed to fly home but not with the 5 hour stop-over that would have allowed me to see my dad . customs and security slowness and lack of concern for the urgency of flights was the main issue . customs even opened up a line behind me for people who showed up behind me but did n't care that i was going to miss my flight and kept pretending that it would n't happen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , their process for customs is an absolute joke . it took me 1.5 hours to get to my plane , which had to be held an additional 45 minutes to accommodate myself and 50+ other passengers because once you go through customs , you have to go back through security check . additionally , i purchased duty free items in london and those items were opened ( not just the bag , but the actual bottle of perfume ) by the people at security ! ! ! ! ! so why bother going through security and duty free at the original airport , if we 're required to go through it again and have items taken . this is my second experience of international flight through toronto and i will pay extra if it means never having to go through this again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the international terminal gets a five star rating . it is clean , logically laid out and efficient . the commuter terminal gets a two start rating . poor seating , few restrooms , crowded gates and long walks onto the tarmac , which is no fun in bad weather .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why was it that the three restrooms that i went into had 1 2 the urinals out of order ? and the smell of old urine made me gag not to mention the wet floors that you carried the urine out on your shoes . and i have to agree terminal 3 or the a gates is a small hallway with too little seating and no quality restaurants . and little ventilation .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "average airport haha nothing horrible or amazing to say . would suggest coming early to your flights since the lines for passport control get massive sometimes . i 'm stuck in a 3 hour delay right now cause my destination is in bad conditions . hope it does n't get delayed more . but it is pretty boring waiting for the delay so i suggest having your laptop or phone to do something , ( if you play pokemon go there is always a lure set up : d ) . you can charge your electronics the whole time . there are ipads here but all the games are pretty boring and the wifi is horrible super slow . bathrooms are pretty clean ! have fun on your flights", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great airport , and free wi-fi ! it was a little hard for me to find the location for the gobus , but the information desk was helpful , as well as canadian travelers i asked for help . i did n't check bags , so i ca n't speak to whether retrieving those was a fast and easy process or not . when i came back through on my way to the states , i was impressed at how quickly check-in was , and that the automated terminals actually got me checked in correctly . bonus that there are border agents in toronto , so you can go through us customs before boarding your plane . food was pretty expensive in the airport ( ~ $ 10 for sandwich trays ) , so i would actually recommend saving some cash and buying a snack tray on your flight instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot of construction going on - some serious banging . as a result of all the construction , yyz is not the most entertaining place to be if you are stuck here for a few hours . no place to charge your phone laptop and very few stores to visit in the international terminal . about as much fun as a greyhound terminal . but , since they are doing all the construction - it 's obvious that they are trying to improve the joint . only time will tell . i 'll give a few months before coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unfriendly staff and dirty toilets not a good first impression of canada", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is generally a pretty good airport although a bit confusing when you go through international . this airport generally seems fairly up to date although the wifi is a bit spotty . i was pretty impressed by this place ( minus one restaurant ) . toronto pearson has a great duty free store ( it 's huge ) and the staff their are very friendly - i 've never had so many compliments on my hair ! from beauty products to booze , they have it all ! i would definitely use toronto pearson in the future for connections .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow -- i 'm surprised by the low ratings for this airport . i 've traveled internationally a few times , and i 'd say that this is one of the better airports i 've been to . terminal 1 is modern , clean , and bright . -free ipads to use after security , which i have n't seen at any other airport i 've been to . -free carts for your luggage -free wi-fi -onsite gym with a good number of machines -bathrooms are regularly cleaned -easy connection to the up rail the only reason why i 'm not giving pearson 5 stars is because they can do a better job of labeling where things are . it was a bit confusing trying to figure out where to go catching an international flight . overall , i would be happy flying back to this airport !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never again ! ! i had to transit through this airport on april 5 , 2014 because american airlines changed my flight plans . it was horrible . us customs is horrible to clear here , and my luggage did not make it with me even though i had my hand on it at one point . i waited 3 hours in this room for my `` name '' to show up monitor with hundreds of people . no water , no bathroom access . the airline had to pull be out and rush me through at the last minute . i saw people miss their flights . my company wants me to go to toronto in a few weeks for some meetings , forget it . if canada is trying to discourage tourism , it worked ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pearson is the most ratchet airport of life , like , i ca n't . first , when you 're driving there , you are stuck by yorkdale for a fucking hour ! ! ! ! next when you get on the stupid highway , the speed limit turns to 50 . i got a speeding ticket there because i did n't know . finally when you go in , all the people that work there are incompetent . they 're all useless and unionized so they do n't have to do anything . every time i go through security , i get yelled at . and then the walk to the terminal ... .. i ca n't . it 's the longest walk i 've ever had to deal with . or even coming off the plane to get to security is a 10k . it 's like a hike .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful airport . free wifi and comfortable seats to relax while you wait for your flight . there are also plenty of shops and restaurants if you need to kill some time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for having wifi available for free . i wish we had the same service at the us airports .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "going back to the usa , the process was much better than leaving . ticketing was self check in , baggage was self check in , which seemed to quadruple the speed when compared to dealing with airline agents . then , us cbp was effortless . the gate was chaos , in terminal 3 , as many flights were canceled due to fog .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never had a problem here . it 's usually clean , staff usually are n't jerks , lots of food options , wifi available , security lines are n't as long and slow as other places i 've been , great transit service ( although i dream of a world where the subway would reach pearson ) , and they never called the cops on me when i 'd sleep here ( damn early morning flights and waiting for drives to wake up haha ) . definitely prefer this one over my other `` home airport '' in halifax and the mess of arrogance in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really have nothing positive to say about this airport . i realise i 'm spoiled by vancouver 's airport so i 'll go for two stars . when i made my connection on my latest trip it was boiling hot and muggy inside , security was painfully slow which was made worse by the fact that my plane had been an hour late so i was in a hurry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've only flown in and out of here once , but based upon that experience : pros : + the canucks are n't really stuffy about security , i was n't rudely groped unlike some of the tsa back in the states + the airport itself is fairly small , so getting around is easy + the canadians i met inside the airport were friendly and helped us navigate to a rental car agency cons : - there 's no rail tram to the the heart of the city , making public transport less satisfactory than in other international cities - as a smaller airport , there not as many carriers and flights compared to places like sfo , ord or jfk", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean , organized and really nice signage ! gates are listed on a large aqua screen in the shape of a flower pedal.wonderful waiting area at gate with really comfy chairs , nice lighting and a tablet for each person to use to order food and drink or pay some games . this airport just made customs to the u s as much of a breeze as possible so u can be done before u board ! way to go ! thank you canada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free wifi . you ca n't go wrong with that . long lines at immigration but meh , that 's to be expected . even terminal 3 has improved . it used to be that terminal 1 was where it was at but no longer . on a related note , does anyone know where terminal 2 is ? ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my home town airport ! how can i not love it even when it 's packed like crazy : p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the misfortune of passing through this horrible airport on july 3 to attend my daughter 's wedding . my air canada flight from houston was delayed and i missed my connection to lisbon . as a result both my bags were lost-one bag with all new wedding stuff is still missing and i 'm sure it 's been stolen by the crappy ground staff at this airport ! i never want to go back to any part of canada !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is worse than any us airport in terms of how inconsiderate the security is here . it 's nice that they are taking precautions , but i consistently see them literally throw people 's laptops into another bin vs placing them with a modicum of care . ive seen a man grumbling at the gate because their laptop that was thrown now wo n't turn on . i was in line when the woman in front of me took off her shoes and accidentally put them in the same bin as her backpack and passport . the shoes and passport were thrown back at her , hitting her , and her passport falling to the ground . it 's unfortunate as the airport itself is generally beautiful and modern- at the gates all the employees are courteous as well . the inconsideration for people 's belongings has ruined this airport for me , and i will avoid this place in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this airport . so far , i have only had a good time here . i mostly have been flying in and out of terminal 1 . so my comments reflect that portion of the airport . from 10 minute manicure , to david 's tea , to the free wifi - it 's the best . there are a lot of options for food too , and you can find something healthy amongst the junk . apparently there is a gym that just opened too in the airport . i am not sure where it is or how accessible it is to travellers with a layover , but that 's a great idea . i say that every airport should have a gym . then life would be good ! tip - remember when you decide to get a 10 minute manicure before your flight takes off - that handling your carry-on luggage and a fresh manicure does not go together . ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein gut organisierter airport , sehr sympathisch am ersten eindruck . die freundlichen kanadier tun das ihre , um den aufenthalt so angenehm wie m\u00f6glich zu machen . unter anderem findet man so witzige technologien wie einen high-speed-moving-walkway ! so etwas hab ich sonst noch nirgends gesehen . auch sehr sympathisch : wlan ist kostenlos , wenn auch nicht unbedingt superschnell . allerdings stellt man bald fest , dass zu den alteingesessenen us-airports schon einige defizite auftreten . zum beispiel gibt es viel weniger restaurants und shops . die preise in den shops sind teilweise \u00fcberteuert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three hour flight . two and a half hours to collect baggage . no communication about reasons or updates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been flying out of toronto pearson for years . its steadily morphed itself from sad and grimey to an airport that , well hey this is a fun place ! each terminal has lots of restaurants and shops , lots of service staff , and the food is pretty good too ! why it did n't get 5 stars ? by comparison to hk , tokyo , and even vancouver airport , there 's just something missing . its like lacking a unique identity ! but hey if that means i still get a tim hortons bagel and coffee right before i get on a plane i 'm totally ok with that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite airports due to convince . the car rentals are right in front the terminal literally walking distance . plus yyz is super clean and friendly people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been through yyz two times , but this is a pretty standard airport . it has the usual fast food joints , wifi and plenty of televisions screens . pretty clean airport and it has a nice bustle and pace to it . the main drawback for me was the amount of walking i had to do when in transit . i do n't think it helped that i had less than an hour to catch to europe . not great , not horrible . pretty average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "based on terminal 1 , i have no problems awarding pearson a 5 star . first , lots of room to be dropped off or picked up since they have another road for cabs . yvr : take note . it 's right off the highway , in the virtual centre of the gta , and now has a train directly to downtown ( with a recent significant price drop ) . i 've never had concerns with the airport staff - and i ca n't blame the airport if i ca n't say the same about air canada . lots of food options and several comfortable waiting areas to choose from . wifi is free , reliable and fast . they have a ( free ) elevated train connecting the two terminals , as well as going to the long-term parking , which in my experience is a unique bonus . it 's fairly well designed , albeit a big generic , but i like that there 's a lot of natural light in the post-security area . they 've covered most bases and compares favourably to virtually any other airport i 've been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicer then most airports i go to in the states ... very busy , but what airports are n't ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice looking airport but terrible airport for changing flights no signage telling how to go from terminal three to terminal one signs all call everything ports a b and c worst customer friendly airport i 've been in any place in the world", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the workers that guide you along the way at the us customs line have no idea what they 're doing . they greet you with `` do you have a valid work visa for the us or are you a canadian citizen ? '' so by that logic you can only be one or the other , lol ? sometimes they do n't even tell you which line to go to as they are too busy chatting with each other and you end up going to the wrong line and waiting for hours unnecessarily . these people need some serious training or maybe they just need to put clear signs up so that they do n't have to pay people to tell you where to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have taken off from this airport a bunch of times and it 's still slightly confusing to find your way around if your never been to an airport but it has good staff clean areas and tight security . unfortunately the food and other stuff is expensive but it 's to be expected from an airport these days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is more of a tip rant than a full review the airport as explained below . the closure of the higher level f gates to the rest of the airport from at 51 on is waste of time . closure of the connections in the f gates is confusing annoying and a hassle , will try not to fly through toronto on air canada . most of the food options are 2 stars on that end . not that much better in the rest of the airport , but the vendors in the middle and the passengers bear the brunt of it . it 's a bummer for all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customs held me until i missed my flight . would n't let me fly because i only had a one way ticket .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't fly very often . maybe once every couple of years . so keep that in mind . i also almost exclusively fly out on 7am flights and do everything i can to check in early and pack light . every time i 'm here , checking my baggage is not difficult and the check in and security people have been friendly and courteous . i like how modern terminal 1 looks and how there are stores and restaurants dotted around for you to hang out in . they opened an a & w and mill street brewery bar since the last time i was there . i am very happy about this . bathrooms are clean . the only thing i would enjoy is more comfortable seating . as a person picking up someone coming in , i like that they have a cell phone lot nearby . i generally get there on time and wait for my friend to text me with the post number that they are nearest at the pickup spot . works well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely airport . the q aisle lounge at the far end of the departures section is great if you need a nap or a quiet place to take advantage of the free wifi . even has a play area for the kids . there is luggage storage at a shop at the end of aisle a . $ 8 for a large bag . public transit options are limited but cheap at $ 3 for a one way express bus ticket to the metro , free transfer included .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad signage . surly tsa . miserable dining options . toronto is such a great city , it deserves a better airport .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in toronto and evwrytime leave country at yyz airport is clean but bit confusing to navigate if you are coming for first time . apart from tim hortons , not any other good place to eat . airport staff is nice but people working in customs and immigration , they are not very friendly . good luck !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "somebody needs to go through this airport and rip down all the signs and start over ... . that 's the bad part . if you 're a regular in this airport it 's like any other in the us or canada . however , if you are unfamiliar with it you 'll have a bitch of a time figuring out where you need to go ! plus one star for the free wi-fi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cool airport ! contemporary , new , clean , comfortable , ... . ! ! ! ! free wifi . you can also use ipad for free to kill time . lounges are smaller but good enough . the missing one star is due to the long line at custom . i waited for the longest . they need more custom agents .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do a lot of flying and i think toronto has done a great job of channeling such a large number of people through their airport . other cities with such a flight hub often end up overcrowded and it takes an hour to walk anywhere . pearson has large open hallways , you can get where you are going quickly . good signage , good amenities . friendly people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being a world class airport and with the recent happenings in our free country , i feel that the security should be followed to protocol . cars still park at the side of the road and some even unattended at the terminal `` live pickup '' area . may claim to serve internationally but runs like a small town airport with a free for all", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a nice , clean , well laid out airport with plenty of stores and restaurants . there are also lots of plugs for electronics and in fact , i never had an issue finding a spot to sit and charge my devices . well done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a soft spot for airports that offer free wifi . but that does n't excuse the bitchy attitude at immigration , the incredibly slow check-in baggage drop-off counters or really bad meal options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very large airport . not well laid out . food is sparse and expensive in the a area . us customs slow . left at a6 . feels like a dungeon . we might as well be cattle .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast security ! ! no bull ... what 's not to like ? ? maybe on really hot humid days when they do n't turn up the air conditioning..that 's about all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have never been to # yyz , i can be confusing . i have been many times , so i finally know the `` lay of the land '' . this review is for terminal 3 , since that is where we arrived and departed from . the airport is huge , has lots of shops as well as places to eat . very important when traveling . security on the t3 side , i find is allot nicer than the t1 side . my personal opinion . maybe they hire friendlier people in t3 ? no idea . t3 has construction going on since they are expanding and making things more efficent so do n't be surprised by all the noise and chaos . apparently its quiet the project that will be going on for a while yet . will be back again toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice and clean . easy to manover inside . looks like it was recently remodeled cause it looks super new . not to many quick bite restaurants and they do n't have a smooking lounge ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like toronto pearson airport . it 's one of the best airports for me . changi airport tops the list tho . lol ... i find the building lay-out spacious and organized . the building maintenance is excellent ! the washrooms are `` canadian standard '' pristine clean ! noise level was never at a bothersome level despite peak season traffic . customer convenience was considered when it comes to luggage push carts . just grab one , load your suitcases and go ! i remember some folks arriving in lax from yyz having problems with the `` pay pushcart '' . these small unnoticeable things make a big difference in customer comfort and convenience . stress-less . i also like the tram that takes you to the departure arrival terminal from the parking building . it 's so convenient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terminal three is less swanky than terminal one . for one thing , some of their washrooms were closed for renovations . they also seemed to have fewer washrooms so there were often lineups for the ladies washroom . going through security was painless . then again we were just traveling within canada . its looking a little dated compared to terminal one but anyway it serves its function .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "airport itself looks great and is clean and well lit . 5 stars 1 star for how long it takes to get through security , customs and baggage . i was connecting through and it took over 1.5 hrs just to get the luggage to recheck . then i had to go through security again . i guess they do n't trust other country 's security . they need to hire an operations person to help them with bottlenecks at every step of the process .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow this airport does not give an impression of being bad but it is . what is most important thing in airport ? being able to get to places easily . so while they have nice halls , escalators and moving walkways , their signs are just terrible . there are places where there is a way to get to ticketing check-in but there is no sign . crazy ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here a few times over the past years and have consistently experienced poor signage , overpriced meals , rude idiotic customs personnel , long lines , free but unreliable wifi . definitely one of my least favored canadian airports . vancouver , edmonton and calgary airports are better . oh by the way , what 's up with the logo ? murder scene chalk outline ? very inviting indeed . two stars because the airport is very clean , airport staff are relatively friendly and you 're in canada .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm stuck at the e gates past security and food options are downright horrible . 10 bucks for a can of beer ? nope . the only half decent option is the burger place and they are ultra slow , there 's about 50 people in line . this place needs a chain fast food restaurant that can serve decently low priced food quickly to people , not boutique dim sum , sushi places and the absurdly priced restaurants that serve you at he ipad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its big there some place . some seat avealable for when you wait . their food selectionnis getting better more healthy . for the people who dont know , a airport is a place where you wait wait wait and then bord a plane to go somewhere and home for the best lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the airport was clean and reasonably well organized . i think i was more annoyed at all of the other passengers that did n't give themselves enough time to get through customs to their flights . when you fly delta , you can check in and print your tags to make things faster , but then you have to cross the hallway to drop your luggage . the employees are helpful though . kudos to security for pulling people out of line so they could make their flights . literally , there is a person announcing a flight time and pulling you out if it 's close enough . you pass through security and then have to use another kiosk to complete customs . once you are through there are some nice gift shops and a few places to eat , plus starbucks of course . overall , not a bad place to fly in and out of !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean bathroom and free push carts for luggage are both appreciated . fix the parking pay stations to all work please . several would n't read our credit cards . # airfrance on baggage check in needs to be less hostile to teens traveling home . be more helpful please and less huffy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free ipads in some concourse areas and free wi-fi are always welcome . the scareport status is earned with the us immigration and customs clearance process . they pre-clear you here so you do n't have to do it in the us . you are also not required to claim and recheck your bag . this all sounds great . right ? what if the whole process takes well over an hour ? what if the holding area is small ? what if you still have to talk to an immigration agent who asks stupid questions ? what if you have to show your passport and boarding pass no less than four times ? what if the security re-entry ( even though you never flipping left ! ) will confiscate liquids you obviously had to have purchased in the original terminal ( or you never would have passed through security there had you brought them from home , etc ) ? so many things wrong with this process . it 's stupid . and toronto sucks just a bit for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overnight stays here are comfortable once you know what you 're doing . swiss chalet and subway is open 24 hours , an improvement over regular mcfood . down the far end of terminal 1 is the quiet zone it seems . big long benches with no arm rests , perfect for stretching out on . obviously it 's filled with people sleeping , but it was easy enough to grab a bench and log into the free wifi for a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terminal 3 at pearson international airport is truly one of the most poorly run , inefficient and disorderly airports i have ever been to - and i have flown in and out of airports in developing nations myanmar , mali , senegal , small towns in indonesia , among others . staff are few and far between and are too overworked to provide any direction , passengers have no idea where to go or what 's going on . and long lines winding together through poorly space are endless . truly unfathomable and disappointing for a city like toronto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably the worst international airport i 've flown through , and i though us airports were bad ! there is nothing in the international terminal but a few shops . incredibly small . this is going to be a long layover", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to the airports in new york , this one is pretty clean . staff are friendly , even when selected for ssss , which is a secondary security screening where you pass through a metal detector and have your bags inspected by hand . there is free wifi , although sometimes it does take a couple of tries to get connected , and free ipads docked at stations ( with additional outlets ) . there are shuttles between terminals and luggage carts to use . overall , it 's a very modern airport with minimal stress for an international traveler . however if you are transitioning from an international flight to a us connecting flight , expect long lines and a 3-step gate system where you scan your boarding pass , scan your passport , take a digital photo , and wait again before going through customs and security . the connecting flights are in a dimly lit corridor with seats that 'll make it difficult to not bump knees with your neighbors . there are also very limited food choices in this area . it 's a bit depressing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yyz ist f\u00fcr einen rush fan wie mich mehr als nur die abk\u00fcrzung des toronto pearson . abgesehen davon war der aufenthalt in diesem flughafen sehr angenehm . gerade das gute und kostenlose wlan hat meine wartezeit auf meine weiterreise nach chicago verk\u00fcrzt . was besonders aufgefallen ist das die einrichtung einen sehr stark an die 80 jahre erinnert . was ich sehr positiv fand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nexus is everything . i fly through security ( get the pun ? ! ) all the time and it has saved my life multiple times when i come late and see an awfully long line . other than that , it 's a big airport , standard food selection , and lots of seating . it 's modern ( especially with the ipads ) and clean . i only wish they had more outlets for people desperately needing to charge their phones !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say that i was super impressed by how clean , organized , and beautiful this airport was . i got there early in the morning on my way to japan and so there were not many people around at first . however , once a few hours went by , i realized i must be at an asian wing or something because most if not all the passengers were asian . what i really appreciated was the airport offered free wifi to everyone without a time constraint so i was able to watch some movies on my phone while i waited . there were plenty of empty , clean tables and ample chairs to sit while waiting . you can order food from close by bars or on screens at the tables and they bring the food to you . very nice feature i would like to see at other airports . on the down side , there were only a few shops and restaurants . the bulk of space was reserved for duty free and high end shopping . wish they had more to kill time between flights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even when is not the biggest airport in the world , i think it should be considered as one of the most beautiful airports ! ! ... i really like the atmosphere there.. it is also clean and not horrible congested ... it seems like it has been very well planified ... they just should offer better restaurants ... but it 's about time ... i have been there in the last 3 years and they are always improving ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad airport as they go . seems quite well organized with plenty of places to eat , shop , sit etc . it 's a pretty busy hub and gets crowded at times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how many ways can i say how terrible yyz is ? i will move heaven and earth to avoid going through toronto airport . it 's my own fault . i 've been here a few times and vowed not to do it again but this time i mean it . sure , the people are nice ( after all they 're canadian ) and you might spend a few minutes in a nice part of the terminal but if you 're coming in from the u.s. and perhaps other countries you 're in for a shock . very , very long walks , the good chance of being stopped in your tracks by security beind locked doors as some other group crosses your path with the right of way . this time - a 9 minute wait . then more walking , climbing stairs , descending stairs before we finally got to customs and immigration . then we had to go back through security to get our connecting flight . they may be doing the best they can with obsolete parts of this airport but i 'm not going there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like the new terminal . i think i 've been there maybe 10 times and it 's easy to navigate , clean , big , etc . the rest of the airport , it 's fine . it 's what i 'd expect from an international airport . air canada has it 's own terminal . the ding that i would have for this airport is the rental car could be challenging or could be obvious , depending on your amount of travel . it 's not in a separate area , it 's downstairs . that is all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had to fly out of this airport to get back to the states ( sfo ) . it is a very nice , new , and clean airport . we had to return a rental car before flying out , and it was very convenient to return the car at the airport . and take the elevator up to level 5 for the terminal . checking-in was also easy at the terminal as many self check-in kiosks were found . everything seems well labeled and clear . we did n't need to ask anyone to get to the right place . however , it is a very big airport , so if you are flying out of here , do give yourself enough time . one minor thing though : the duty free shop at terminal 1 was very small and did not have much to choose for last minute purchase before going back to the states . so if you are planning to buy any local foods to bring back to u.s. friends , do it before you come to the airport .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was able to get through this airport pretty quickly using nexus . i was very surprised to find that there were almost no food options once you cleared security if you were us-bound . the only place they had was a sandwich shop that was selling cold sandwiches for as much as $ 15 ! needless to say i waited to eat until i got to atlanta .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well , its an airport , and its better than the one in my hometown . took only minutes for our luggage to arrive and just a few more to find the bus to take us downown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are getting better but there are still issues with distances one needs to cover especially with arrivals . terminal 3 is still undergoing renovations but is still my favourite terminal to fly out of as staff there tend to be friendlier & more helpful . they need to rebuild terminal 2 & add more runways ! this is a major canadian airport yet they have yet to expand to their maximum potential", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this airport . maybe it 's because i spend so much time here when flying , be it for yelp or other reasons . when you fly anywhere from halifax , you often get sent here for your layover . it 's a really nice spot , with lots to kill time with and a lot of excellent spots to sit down and rest . on this visit , i finally got to try out one of their 10 minute manicure stations . all airports and gates need one of these ! i also was easily able to track down bottle of water when i needed them , snacks , meals , and books . lots and lots of books . there is also plenty of high-end shopping in this airport , but i have yet to fly in during a time when they are open . boo-urns ! hermes , do n't you know how much i love you ? burberry , you 're my heart and soul ! open your doors to me ! ! ( seriously , do n't , i am way too broke for you right now . one day ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge airport . beautiful architecture and it was squeaky clean . car rental is also within the facility ... you just have to follow the signs . what i did n't like was the fact that you have to go through a million lines and show your customs form and documents at several posts before you can fully exit after arriving . held up the line and took forever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "urgh ! ok so no airport is perfect but after the longest flight ever to have to walk a mile or more to customs - bleurgh ! it 's new but the moving walkway is always broken when i arrive & yes , you could get lost ! the duty free is extremely limited and you 'll have to stand in line at least 20min for some timmies when leaving . bright points are super efficient customs & security staff & the building is modern and swish .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my experience with this airport is overall , good . for the new-be traveler however arrival and transferring planes can be confusing . signs are not wholly helpful and staff is somewhat half-hearted in their efforts . i 've seen instances where people changing planes , accidentally end up going through canadian border crossing when they did n't need to . departing toronto for the usa is absolutely wonderful = everyone clears customers in toronto and no long lines at their destination . this should be a model for more large international airports .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice and modern airport that has the essentials one needs for getting the appropriate gates on time . there was a good selection of restaurants as well , which can also make the airport experience just a bit better . the customer service throughout the airport was usually very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "welcome to your classic scottsdale dive bar . upon entry , bar to the right , tables to your left . towards the back you 'll find arcade games , darts , tvs and a pool table too . the biggest selling point is the patio in the back that features several places to sit and opens up into the huge alley which doubles as a parking lot ; triples as a restroom for some patrons . drinks are cheap and the bartenders are always in good spirits . you 'll meet some interesting folk here on any given night , so do n't be afraid to crack open some conversation along with your beer . i ca n't think of a dive bar that i 've frequented more in scottsdale than roadrunner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the epitome of dive . smoky , dark and chill . no food just really strong drinks . though i was bummed they only carry 1800 and not reposado . this bar is a classic in a town of pretentiousness . where else can you go grab shots and cocktails under $ 20 ? and we drink like thirsty camels my friends , it 's the desert . leave your ego in the parking lot , chill out and have good convo with cool people . it 's the kind of bar you want to stumble out of at 2am without the body glitter to get you in trouble . my kind of hallpass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are in the mood for a dive bar -- this is heaven ! small , old-school charm , lots of regulars , and cheap booze . one pool table and a digital juke box add to the ambiance . a great place to just hang and drink ... or start the evenings festivities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "behold , the anti-scottsdale ! ! ! this is a splendid dive away from it all with great bartenders and a `` no one gives a shit '' vibe . you wo n't believe you 're in scottsdale . i actually came here after a few drinks in old town so i was a little overdressed but please reference my first sentence . the drinks are cheap and strong- i thought my third vodka soda was going to knock me on my ass . the narrow bar area opens up to a gaming area with darts and a pool table and a nice smoking patio out back . the crowd are laid back and down to earth . you can come here with a group of friends , get shit-faced and split a cab for dirt cheap . guaranteed good times and probably bad behavior .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best dive bar in the valley . its a small place so seating is limited and it can get pretty busy on holidays and such . the owner and all of the employees are great and the drinks are cheap . its a great spot ! everyone is welcome here but douchebaggery will get you the boot and fast.they do n't serve food but you can walk across the street and grab something and come back and they have a pool table . they also have a juke box that has anything and everything you can think of = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located across the street from the adult probation department , the roadrunner is a true dive-bar . the drinks are cheap enough , and the beer cold enough , but there are better dive bars in the general vicinity such as the tally-ho , or the playa . but , if you live close by and not in the mood to drive , or have a few minutes before you have to meet your probation officer , stop on in and have a cheap drink . that 's what i did .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they 've got $ 5 ketel one on the rocks . it 's walking stumbling distance from my apartment . it might be the least pretentious bar in the old town vicinity . the only downside is you can really smell the cigarette smoke wafting in from the patio ( and lingering on what seems to be most of the patrons here , who btw have an average age of 50 ) , and i ca n't stand the smell of it . you get used to it after a while , and tend to forget about it after a few of the super cheap drinks . well vodka drinks are only $ 3 ! on a saturday night ! i could get used to this ... oh , and the bartenders are chill and awesome . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great , fun place to kick back and enjoy a drink with good company ! one of my favorite dive bars ! chill , fun atmosphere ! def . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we wound up at this charming dive once after another place closed early . we immediately noticed two things : ( 1 ) it was so pleasantly quiet and chill and conducive to conversation ; ( 2 ) we sensed our clothes would smell like smoke when we got home . the beer selection included about a dozen lagers and one ale , plus some mike 's hard lemonade flavors . i liked that there was a pool table in the back , but since we are n't smokers , and the smoke apparently drifts into the bar , it kind of eclipsed the charm for us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decided to stop in here with some friends after dinner since it is in the neighborhood . small little dive bar ( which is up our alley ) . cheap drinks , good service and good people watching . i know we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm officially in love with this bar . drinks are so cheap , it 's mind-boggling . i actually had to get package booze to-go so i could use my credit card to make the $ 10 minimum ! you can order food from little chicago pizza - which is in the same strip mall - and they 'll deliver it to you at the roadrunner . it 's super-dark , nicely air-conditioned , with pool table , darts , juke box , and the requisite sports on tv . the bartender was fantastic , and the patrons were friendly . i recommend riding your bike or taking a taxi - the drinks are seriously that cheap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bar is great , except for some drunk annoying girl i think her name is christina kept showing me pictures of some ugly cat strange i think her cat has aids no hair", "score": "4"}
{"review": "driven by a couple times and finally made plans to get a beer at the roadrunner . it was nice and exactly what my friend and i were looking for , a quiet place where we could talk without a fedora or black rimmed glasses in sight . the bartender was nice and the feel of the place was indifferent , which was great since everyone kept to their own business . we only had one crazy guy kind of follow me and my girl around but his attempts to be subtle was futile because of the size of the place . overall i would go back and leave any scottsdale loving people to stand in their lines outside the sandbar and to pay cover at martini ranch . cheers ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happy 2015 from the roadrunner ! what a way to bring in the new year by getting kicked out of your bar stool ! very drunk couple next to us decided to slap each other and she when flying off her seat . couple was about 60 + years old . the male did n't help her up and my fianc\u00e9 picked her up . she was about to drive and the bartender told them both they were not going to drive . kudos to her . meanwhile a guy who appeared he had n't showered in awhile decides to steal my fianc\u00e9 's seat so moved down asap . 15 mins later what appeared to be the manager or even owner asked made me move . then proceeded to offer the drunk lady who try to drive a drink before their taxi came . perhaps this is their `` regulars '' & they promote domestic violence . what a joke . yes it 's new year 's eve but get a grip on your bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent dive bar in the scottsdale area . the drinks are cheap and strong and the people are interesting . there is a jukebox with a pretty extensive list which kept the night lovely . we ended up going back three times during our week in scottsdale and each night did n't disappoint . wednesday seemed to be the liveliest since it was karaoke night . also , bathrooms here are kept amazingly clean for a dive bar which i appreciated immensely . i would definitely recommend ending your night out here if you like the dive bar scene !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go to the donut shop next door quite a bit and have noticed this bar a few times . i stopped in with a buddy one night this week and had a great time . they have a small craft beer by the bottle selection that i appreciate . my buddy ate about three bags of doritos but other than that i 'm guessing they have just a few other bar snacks . prices were cheap and the service was friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tiny and a total dive . pretty sketch . if you 're into that kinda thing , you will like it . if you 're not , you 're gon na wonder what the hell you 're doing there . things to note : smoking section is a car port and they have gigantic nati lights .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good dive bar in scottsdale . no food just drinks . come as you are and you should have a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was skeptical here but went in and thoroughly enjoyed myself . jukebox , pool tables , darts , clean restrooms , and a lady with her dog . what more can you ask for in a local establishment ? beers are on the pricier side here ( though i do n't know why . ) maybe because it 's in scottsdale ? ? whatever , dive bar worth visiting if you 're out and about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just love this place ! its got everything a good dive bar needs . awesome bartender who pours a strong drink , pool table , its dark and cool inside , outdoor patio and friendly regulars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a great place to take your step cousin , look no further ! ! i love this bar ! great drinks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place ever . the true merit to a bar like this , is that it is a place where when you sit at the bar , you actually talk to your neighbors , and enjoy the company of others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gilbert and ramon rock ! my family and friends have been coming here for years and i still come here for oil changes even though i live about 15 miles away ! this is a case of `` why fix what aint broke ! ? '' i do tend to always stick with what works and these guys always take care of me like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best oil change experience i 've had . everything was straightforward . no price gimmicks or coupons , no heavy pressure upselling . the price was explained clearly up front , service was fast , friendly , and to the point . loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to the other yelpers who reviewed this place , thank you ! gilbert and company were a pleasure to work with : the price was right ( $ 29.99 for an oil change my prius ) , the entire shop is spotless ( inside the lobby and in the work area ) , and my car was done in a flash . i could not be more impressed . this has become my new oil change place . no problem . happy to leave these guys 5 stars . see you soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pulled up at 5:15 for an oil change with 2 cars ahead of me , and close time at 5:30 and the guys still took my car in . i 've been coming back every 3,000 miles since 2014 def my spot . the guys here will def take care of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fourth visit to this location it is by far the most professional fast place i have ever had an oil change great service great prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i literary ca n't believe the highway robbery i just went through , i got a full synthetic oil change and had the air filter changed on my wife 's toyota corolla . it cost me $ 95 dollars , wtf is this $ hit . i have had this same work done on the car before and only paid $ 60 for full synthetic and an air filter . $ 20 for an air filter is ridiculous , absolutely god awful ridiculous . oil change was $ 65 alone , i never paid more than $ 45 for full synthetic with valvoline or quaker state oil . this guy used shell oil , their oil is n't even all that great . never coming back here again and i definitely do n't recommend it . what i was charged was definitely not what i saw on the pricing options board in the shop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was extremely fast and the guy there seemed friendly enough . so why only 3 stars ... . well when he pulled up my vehicle information he said he was out of that oil in conventional but he did have it in synthetic ... . just felt a little too convenient for them ... but to sum it up they got me in and out and for someone in a hurry you ca n't go wrong", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been going here for 3 years now . gilbert is a great guy and does fast work . i had a power steering leak at one point that leaked onto the skid plate . while it was off gilbert went and hosed it all down just because . i bring my own oil ( mobil 1 ) and filter ( royal p ) so they only charge $ 20 still comes out to $ 30-35 less then my last time at jiffy ( $ 92ish , my reason for looking else where ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely going to be coming back ... .gilbert said 45min to service my ride and it was done 45 on the dot ! great service , friendly , honest , straightforward , did not try and get one over on me like some mechanics ive dealt with before", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best place i 've ever had my oil changed . the guys here are super friendly , fast and honest i trust their advice when it comes to my car . the waiting area is always spotless . they never try to push you to get something done they only make suggestions for your car when it need it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "earl bales park along with centennial park are the only two parks withing the city limits that have skiable hills . it 's a tiny hill with three runs , one slow double chairlift and one carpet lift . it 's good for kids and total beginners but if you skies snowboarded at least few times then there is nothing you can enjoy here . they also have lots of different programs for kids - there were few racing classes happening when i went there . i dont really remember how much i paid for the lift ticket but i think it was under $ 30 . there is a rental available , lockers and warm changeroom with cafeteria set up tables for those who want to snack there . it 's located just 10min walk away from the bathurst sheppard intersection and lots of parking spots are available . however , i still think it does n't worth spending money on this hill as there are some better ski resorts just 1hr away from the city . for that reason i 'm giving it only 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my experience of using the services of this park was horrible . i spent about one hour to know that i had to pay for rope tow in addition to the snowboard rental price , even if i do n't want to use the rope tow . also the majority of the personnel does n't know how to return deposit on a credit card . hills are really scary for complete beginners .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rambo likes the off-leash dog park . get 's really muddy in bad weather but you could always avoid the off-leash area and just go for a walk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst del taco on the planet . order will be wrong about 90 % of the time . they have a new clueless person every time i go back . heed my warning and go anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never had a bad meal here . they are always on point and friendly . the food is fresh , hot and good . they make the food as your request and do not cheap out on the quantity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came in here recently and my order taker made me wait so he could complete a phone call . then after his call he did n't change his gloves . the thing that makes me the most mad is my review of my poor customer service was flagged and deleted . this place is garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow service and rude employees . when once when the manager was there and she didnt care about my issue and didnt even attempt to fix it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no one in line , no one inside and yet i still had to wait 5 min to place my order in the drive thru , another ten to finally get it . the drive thru guy does nothing but mumble . got a bunch employees standing around doing nothing . very rude unsanitary .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we need a zero star rating here ! went through the drive thru , repeated the order . was n't what was in the bag . fixed order then found that the meal i mucho sized only had the fry box half full and flat soda . thanks for the salad tacos guys . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this place at all . health inspectors definitely need to keep an eye out ! also management needs to be careful and pay attention to who they hire . even tho management them selves are just as grimy . called and complained tonight he had no interest or care what i had to say . the one who answered the phone his name was javier and he hung up on me multiple times . hair was in my girlfriends burrito . food was cold i have no idea why they had to be so rude ... one thing i do have to say is if you do n't like your job do n't give to the customers just quit. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! simple never will go to this place again tatum and bell now that is service and is clean ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you go through the drive-thru you can almost always smell the grease trap from a nearby restaurant , it is not appetizing in the least . i have n't gone in a long time because the last half dozen times i went , the workers drove me away . they are generally rude and always have the appearance of wanting to be anywhere else . i understand they would rather be somewhere else , but they 're being paid to help the customers ( imo with a smile on their face ) and they can barely do that . also , every single time i order a taco , it 's folded the sideways every time . i do n't know if it 's some sick joke that they do but i always have to open them up and fix them . if you order a soft taco , you can also expect part of the tortilla to be stale", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how can you criticize a place that dishes out 39 cent tacos ? they 're pretty good , and if you add some jalapenos it makes a solid , fiery meal for way under 5 bucks . the people always are friendly and pretty quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually del taco is wonderful but this location in particular is trash . every time i go there i end up waiting 25 minutes for my food that ends up being cold , i do n't get it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this would have been 5 stars but the bathrooms come on ! but there is a young hispanic kid ( not being discrimitory i forgot his name ) . he mainly works the drive thru he is amazing always remembers my order knows what car i 'm driving in and knows i like a lot of sauce ! i will add his name when i ask him but day time drive through that kid rocks ! ! ! thank you for hiring him ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "punished again ! we love taco tuesday , but they just ca n't get it right . no one in the drive thru at 6pm is usually a bad sign . the staff is always nice but if the order is n't wrong ( short items ) then the food is bad . hard shell tacos are chewy and stale usually empty just to top it off . on the other hand the soft tacos are hard to the point of almost being crunchy . stale stale stale . they probably could use a heath inspection although they have not made me sick yet.this has been the trend for over a year now . maybe we will try again in a few months ... .. till then , taco bell", "score": "1"}
{"review": "with all of the hubbub about that manager on 91st & peoria , i thought it necessary to write a review on this location . i try to stay away from fast food , but del taco really gets me . maybe because there was one across the street from my high school , so it 's nostalgic . this particular location actually makes me wish i were a business owner , because i would steal their employees away . they are always so kind and sweet . the girl that helped me today was n't bursting with personality , but she was still kind . i have never had a bad experience here . i also pour on lots of sugar with my voice to people who prepare my food , but that 's just common sense . if you 're looking to get your del taco fix , this is the location to go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't had any problems here . my food has been correct all the times i 've been here and staff friendly . the only thing i can see that they could use on improvement is cleaning tables a little more frequent , but i have seen a lot worse . my kids love to eat here and the food is a lot better than eating at taco bell . still can get cheap tacos here too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , when i feel like having fast food and maybe include a fish taco or something , this is a place that comes to mind . i 've made the drive here many times but honestly , their service is horrible lately . you can be the only one in line and they 'll forget numerous items ! it 's gotten so bad that i 've actually made an effort to contact corporate about it and have received no response . seems like it 's not a big deal but in the past 6-8 months i 've given them many chances and have been disappointed 8 times out of 10 . we 'll see if they make any changes ... as for now , it 's true mexican food at one of the 'berto 's for me ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is good i prefer taco bell , the meal deal is only $ 5 good price . not what would call fast food since we waited in the drive thru for 10 mins more then once and last time the order was forgotten . oh if you dine in make sure you ask for the sauce when you get your food if you can otherwise good luck catching someone later .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was good . order was repeated back . drive thru line moved quickly . food just okay , but about what i would expect from a fast food place . fish taco was small . fish was greasy . nachos were good size and filling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never gotten food poisoning here . i have gotten screwed up orders alot . it would be nice to deal with more americans though . all in all it 's an average del taco .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i still like the food , and love the sauce . the problem on the last trip was their new computer system does n't allow them to upgrade the taco deal on taco tuesdays . you ca n't toss in an extra buck or whatever to get the del tacos . yeah , that 's a great computer upgrade . as a former pos ( point of sale ) technician i can tell you that 's either managements fault for not paying attention to the pos instructions , or a really crappy pos company . however , the del scorcho inferno sauces still rock and the del tacos along with the del beef burritos are great . so are the jacked up quesadillas , and the `` mini quesadillas '' are dirt cheap if you just want a quick cheesy snack .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "del taco ... just amazing ! to get 39 cent tacos anytime i want makes me feel a significant inner joy which is hard to put into words . i would give it five stars if it was n't for the irritation it will likely cause my bowels later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very bland , no flavor , stale taco shells , little cheese in quesadillas , poor service ... .and so in . if you want a cheap taco , this is not the place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ein guter ort um backwaren zu kaufen , ist dieser laden auf jeden fall . ist am s\u00fcdlichen punkt von stuttgart im stadtteil m\u00f6hringen gelegen . an sich sagen sich hier auch hund und katz guad ' nacht . aber wenn man es mal auf den ort bezieht , liegt es doch recht zentral . n\u00e4mlich direkt gegen\u00fcber vom m\u00f6hringer bahnhof . der au\u00dfenbereich ist recht klein , aber f\u00fcr so ein caf\u00e9 absolut akzeptabel . die einrichtung im inneren hat eher was einfaches , k\u00fcstenartiges wie man es oft in wohnzimmern sieht . die st\u00fchle recht unbequem , aber eben wie der gesamteindruck eher nicht typisch gastro sondern individuell . man f\u00fchlt sich hier dennoch wohl . saubere waschr\u00e4ume und immer freundliches personal . kuchen und kaffee einfach top . auch das brot kann man hier mit gutem gewissen mit nach hause nehmen . nachmittags oft rentnertreffpunkt ... wie so ziemlich \u00fcberall^^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little cafe in a quaint neighborhood . dozens of pastries , sandwiches and other desserts . will definitely be going back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brot , br\u00f6tchen und backwaren in bester handwerksqualit\u00e4t . frische produkte , freundliches personal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meine eltern gehen hier schon seid jahen ihre backwaren holen . ich bin total begeistert und kehre gerne mit meiner mutter zu kaffe und kuchen oder zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ein , wenn ich da bin ( leider wohne ich zuweit weg um es zu meinem stammcafe zu machen ) . leider konnten wir bisher das brunchen noch nicht ausprobieren , hoffe aber das \u00e4ndert sich bald . dieser b\u00e4cker inkl . dem cafe ist sehr zu empfehlen . nachtrag : jetzt waren wir auch zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccksbuffet am sonntag da und ich kann das nur weiter empfehlen . personal ist freundlich und das angebot ist auch super und sehr lecker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "auf der suche nach einem sonntags-kuchen in m\u00f6hringen sind wir schlie\u00dflich auf das backparadies gesto\u00dfen . diese bieten wirklich eine reichlich kuchenauswahl , die auch noch sonntags um 16 uhr ansehlich und entscheidungsfreudig ist . auch wenn der schwerpunkt eher auf kuchen liegt , sind auch torten im angebot . ein st\u00fcck kuchen kostet 1,90 eur und ist f\u00fcr diesen preis angemessen gro\u00df . neben klassikern wie k\u00e4sekuchen , zupfkuchen , apfel-streusel-kuchen etc sind auch ausgefallenere sorten wie z.b . einen milchreis-obst-kuchen dabei . die bisher probierten haben sehr gemundet und daher gibt es ein gro\u00dfes daumen-hoch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little bakery cafe in m\u00f6hringen ! hours are good , and it is particularly nice that they are open on sunday mornings , unlike pretty much anywhere else in germany . on weekend mornings they have a nice little fr\u00fchst\u00fcck spread . it is continental style so you wo n't find things like waffles and pancakes , but they have a good variety of meats , cheeses , breads , fruits , pastries , etc . the rest of the time they use that counter space for pastries and cakes to supplement the full-time pastry counter area . the selection of breads is a little more limited than other bakeries , but what they do have is good , and their selection of pastries and sweet breads is better than most .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einfach nur gut ! ! super nette m\u00e4dels , scheint ein tolles arbeitsklima dort zu sein , was mich nicht wundert denn die cheffin dort ist echt gro\u00dfe klasse , immer ein kurzes pl\u00e4uschchen und die sorge ob auch alles in ordnung ist . die laugenbr\u00f6chen sind die besten die ich jeh gegessen habe . und dann die kuchen hmmm ich k\u00f6nnte gleich wieder wenn ich nur dran denke . schade das kein parkplatz direkt vor der t\u00fcre ist . dann w\u00e4re ich wahrscheinlich nur noch hier . egal ob fr\u00fchst\u00fccken , das ist sonntags grandios . oder kuchen oder mal nur nen schnellen kafe hier stimmt einfach alles ! und auch der t\u00e4glich wechselnde mittagstisch ist immer super , den nehme ich manchmal mit ins b\u00fcro wenns schnell gehen muss . klasse ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das einzige cafe das an einem sonntag offen hatte ; ) gro\u00dfe auswahl an leckeren kuchen und torten in bester konditor qualit\u00e4t . auch alles zum mitnehmen . cappuccino war super ! tische k\u00f6nnen reserviert werden . nur zu empfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i think i 've had my sodium and sugar intake for the week . great cheese steaks need great bread . and corleone 's delivers . i mean on the bread . nice , soft and fresh . i have no idea if they actually deliver . sliced rib eye meat , grilled onions and the sauteed mushrooms i added all held together by the wiz baby ... i 'm all about the wiz . and i rarely drink soda , but was given a humungous to go cup and i filled it half with hi c orange fruit punch ( when was the last time ya 'll had hi c ? ) and half with sprite . damn good . damn good . finished it all off with some decent fries and watched headline news . place was clean . service was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is n't bad . service is mediocre at best . i wanted to try cheese-wiz so my wife went up to ask for a side . had to pay .81 for something that was disgusting . so why the one star you ask ? here it goes . while paying for the side of nastiness the employee working the register was wearing gloves . following the transaction he went back to making food without changing his gloves . i 'm not naive , this can happen anywhere and i know it does . however , do n't be so blatant about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not enough flavor to overcome the immediate guilt upon eating one of those sandwiches . if i 'm going to eat something that is going to shave a few months off my life expectancy i want the experience to be memorable . and it was salty ... .like `` dead sea '' salty . maybe it 's because i 'm such a dallas cowboys fan , but i find the cheesesteak to be among the most overrated of the street foods .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "go for the fries ! ! use their coupon for the cheese steak . because it seems like the gansta thing to do . so , we were mailed a coupon for a 1 2 sandwich with fries and a drink for $ 5 . sounds like a smoking deal , but the best part was n't the sandwich . it was n't the worst thing ever , but it was meh and lacked something . my sandwich was just laying there like a bored hooker . i snarfed the fries down on my drive back to the office and they really are good . perhaps , if i return , stuffing the fries in the sandwich would liven it up ? perhaps , perhaps , perhaps .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "unfortunately , it is the service that gets the one star . the food is absolutely spectacular and i love it . however , when i last ordered delivery the order took 2 hours , which for the quality of the food i did n't mind . it was the driver who decided to attempt to enter our locked facility at my work . when corrected that he is to drop the food off at the front desk he stated that he was `` too busy '' . i had emailed the appropriate staff regarding the poor delivery service over a week ago and have yet to hear anything . so disappointed , for that is the reason i will no longer be dining or ordering from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had lunch at corleone 's , food was mediocre as expected , also the real reason i 'm writing this is because i got a heavy scent of bug spray or chemicals . after i realized this the napkins i was using to wipe my face with had the strong scent . i 'd have to be pretty hungry to ever eat here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as a fellow cheesesteak lover , i have to try it when i see it on the menu . not a fan here . first , if you want me to come back , why do you nickel and dime me as a customer ? that 's just bad business . $ 15 for my meal ? it 's fast food ! anyway , i 'll sum it up ... no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to philly and had the cheese steak there . this place does its best to replicate that in the valley of the sun . even the interior of this location has the interior feel of an east coast , italian , fast-casual restaurant i like their topping bar to pile up your cheese steak with just the right about of peppers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my coworker friend and i visit this little `` gem '' only once in a blue moon just because of the prices . if we could go based solely on the food , we 'd probably be there at least once a week . the original philly cheese steak sub with cheese wiz is to die for , but man are they overpriced ! ! you ca n't get out of there without spending over $ 20 on two people for lunch ... for fast food , i consider that a little on the spendy side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so for all those that have never had a real philly cheesesteak , understand your negative reviews do not equal to those that have grown up in philly . not only do they have cheese whiz but the meat is premium and we all know the cheesesteak is all about the bread . also when you get one to go and the grease is coming out the bag , you know you are in for a treat . if you want one of the best cheesesteaks in arizona then you need to come down and ask for a cheese wit . trust me when i say you will not find another better in this state , or any other state for that matter . also when you walk in and hear all the east coast accents you know they know what they are doing . even though some of the guys are giants fans . fly eagles fly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make sure you ask the guys at the counter for the $ 4.99 combo deal which includes a six-inch cheesesteak , yummy fries and drink . this deal is normally close to $ 10 so the coupon makes it a bargain . their after 4pm $ 9 cheese pizza deal is n't bad either . make sure you use the $ 4.99 for a dozen wing deal coupon too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fiance has been talking about this place for the last few months . he regularly frequents this place for lunch with his co-workers and has been waiting for the day that i got to try it too . well , the day came when he brought a pizza from corleone 's home for dinner . short story is that i loved the pizza so much that i demolished 3 whole slices - and their slices are not small . i have yet to try their sandwiches which seem to be their specialty but the fiance loves them and he was right about the pizza so i 'm sure i 'll be happy once i get my chance to taste test .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if your looking to fill your stomach , corleone 's is a favorite of mine . while it 's not the cheapest , it is worth it . great for lunches or after a long night . the first time i heard the wiz it sounded like cheeze wiz but i was assured that it was much better than canned pressurized cheese ... i was no mislead .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "corleone 's have great philly cheese steaks but they will run you about $ 6.50 and if you add fries and a drink that will run you another $ 2.50 and it with tax you are talking about $ 10 for one person to have lunch . they do have a great lunch special at this location two slices of philadelphia pizza and a drink for $ 4.99 . i have yet to try that but from what i seen the slices are huge and are good ( per a co-worker of mine ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "midweek ... do n't wan na cook ... do n't wan na drive ... who delivers ? ? corleone 's ! ! the delivery person was a sweetheart which is the equivalent of having a pleasant waiter waitress to start your meal experience . it sets the mood and expectations and well ... it was yummy ! if you order the cheese fries , make sure you eat those first since cheez wiz has a limited time frame for being fresh and hot . once it chills , you end up with ... well ... goop . i love their cheesesteak sandwiches , this time the fries were a little overdone but still not too bad . for a $ 20 we ordered a couple of cheesesteak sandwiches and split a cheese fry , just enough food and it does n't break the bank . not bad for delivery !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i ordered an regular size sub ... it is huge ! big enough to share.it is very good . may i add the onion rigs are just perfect . a little long on the delivery but so worth the wait ! ! definitely would order from here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to eat at charley 's for the philly steaks until i tried corleone 's i fell in love with it . until recently i requested mushrooms on my sub so upon eating the philly i noticed they used canned mushrooms ! ! ! ! ! thats a disgrace to the original philly ! ! ! so i stopped going to corleone 's and went back to charley 's since they use fresh ingredients . corleone 's cost a lot more than charley 's however i 'm not willing to pay more for canned ingredients , no thanks ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good cheese pizza and the cops that go there as customers adds an extra feeling of safety .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for lunch with 2 colleagues and we all ordered different sandwiches . all of us ate every bite and commented that the food was really good . plus , as we went for lunch , we were in and out in about 20 minutes . and the fries are really good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it literally feels like you 've crossed into philly when you step through the door . the employees seem to have been flown in from that region of the country and the look of the place , it 's theme , is very obviously designed to have that appearance . it 's also about the only place in town i can think of to grab a cheesesteak , especially since the one in tempe disappeared , and they 're good cheesesteaks . i recommend going on a tuesday , when they run their bogo deal - then you can try one of their less traditional cheesesteaks , like the pizza one , which is worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheese steaks ! that 's what they do ... place looks like a bar ( but no liquor offered ) ... very clean ... very nice ... great cheese steaks ... with cheese wiz and the buns rock ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here quite often since it 's close to work and not too expensive . i love this place for a couple or reasons . consistency and a decent cheese steak . i 'm born and raised in az so i do n't know what a `` true '' philly cheese steak tastes like so for me this place is pretty darn good . the bread is always nice and soft and the steak is great with the whiz and onions . their fries are always perfectly crispy and soft on the inside every time . they have pizza as well but i do n't ever seem to be in a pizza mood when i go here so i 've yet to try it . i 'm deducing a star on this because the chairs and tables are in some serious need of replacing and there is a lot of dust on the walls and upper ledges above the booth seating . i 've seen enough episodes of cooking shows to know this is n't acceptable . great food though and i will continue to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza and philly cheese steaks . i 'm a big fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food especially philly cheese steaksmediocre customer service . i 've called in an order and people have kept me waiting for 4 to 5 minutes . ive hung up , waited another few minutes and then have taken my order in a rude manner . overall this company has great food and horrible customer service . note to corporate : train your franchises and owners to have way better customer service this probably would have grown your business faster ... ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yo , ya got ta be freakin kiddin me ! why is it so hard to get a decent cheesesteak in az ? i know there are tons of you phili invaders out there . can one of you open up a cheesesteak spot that is original , delicious , at an affordable price ? i 've been to corleones a dozen times or so . the only reason i go back is b c there are no real other options . you are talking a 3 at best flavor wise cheesesteak for $ 14+ if you get fries , and a drink and leave a tip . what a rip off . the guys here are always cool but the price vs product just doesnt make any sense .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great cheese steak ? hardly , try to sell this is philly and you would have customers out the door in a heartbeat . first , a cheese-steak need to have substantial roll . this one sogged out , they should use the real thing which is available through sysco . an amoroso 's roll can stand up to all the juice . second , this was n't prime rib-eye , i do n't know what cut it was , but is was tasteless . so was the rubbery provolone cheese . and last , it was n't clean . order the rolls on-line and get your butcher to slice you some rib-eye , homemade is better than anything i 've gotten in phoenix in years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "solid philly sandwich.. staff is a little cold but that 's ok bc that means it 's run by philadelphia natives .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alright , i see this place has gotten a half and half of good and bad reviews ... what i want to say is that if you do not like this place then you do not like eating ... period . `` i do n't like processed cheese '' or `` the buns are n't good enough '' ... wtf ? like i said , if you do n't enjoy the pure pleasure of good food regardless of whether or not they have the buns 'you remember from the old days ' then you are not a foodie . i ordered the original regular size and should have ordered 2 of them because they were sooooo good ! ! i ride a bike everyday to school about 10 miles everyday ... when i need to eat i need to eat and this place delivers with outstanding service and food . if you do n't like corleone 's cheese steaks then you do n't deserve a corleone 's cheese steak ... period !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in at the new pv store , and had a slice of pizza . good , greasy , big slice of cheese . it was pretty good : good enough to want to order a whole pizza on a sunday night . problem is , they close at 6 pm on sundays ! wtf ? what kind of pizza place is n't open past 6 ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great cheesesteaks sandwich . i always love a cheesesteak but i hate getting fatty meat so i 'm picky about where i get them , not one bit of fat in my sandwich here . oh yeah , i love the wiz on my philly . my girlfriend got two slices of pizza and loved it . after 4 pm the have a large cheese pizza for 8.99 . we got one a few days later and we got it well done and it was delicious . the staff is nice a friendly and pointed me in the right direction after asking a few ? 's . they deliver but of course im a about a mile out of range but i thought i would mention it . ill be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm always on a mission to find a great philly cheesesteak . no luck in years . closest i came to a good one was at a pub in scottsdale called clancy 's . the steak had no flavor and tasted waterlogged . putting cheese whiz did n't add as much flavor as a real cheese would have . bacon and cheese fries were also a disappointment . they were lacking substance and all the cheese melted and stuck to the bottom of the plate . i ordered through grubhub and the service was okay . they were punctual and friendly , but that about all they had going for them . i had high hopes for this restaurant and they fell short . more power to them for being in business for so long .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pizzas are good . and it ends there . service with a smile is an unheard of concept ... i get the east coast `` attitude '' thing but i think here its more of `` when is it closing time '' for these employees . i was charged for xtra toppings on my cheesesteak and when i got the sandwich ... no toppings ! then it was an argument with the cook so i had to bring my philly up to the line to show him there were no toppings ! overpriced ... bad customer service ... but free delivery ... u decide .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after giving up on luke 's many months ago , i 've been looking for a place to get my beef on . i 'm not sure why it took me so long to build up my courage to try this place , but i finally ventured in today for lunch . while not the best sandwich i 've had , this definitely fills the need . juicy flavorful sandwich with super soft fresh bread . the place is really clean . they 've only had 2 major health violations in the nearly 2 years they 've been open . most restaurants typically have 2-3 per visit . i had the 6 '' cheese steak with provolone and grilled onions . i loved that the grilled onions were thinly diced and not the typically stringy style . there was the perfect amount of them , not a heaping distraction from the great steak . the fries were perfectly crispy ( slightly overcooked , which i love ) and hot . the diet coke tasted great as well . all this for under $ 10 ? not too bad . i 'll be back for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would like to have rated the restaurant better , but unfortunately i can not eat there as i am 5.2 miles away from corleone 's and there delivery radius is 5 miles . nope , not kidding , called in for delivery , was asked for my address after a 2 minute wait , was put back on hold and the woman came back on the phone to tell me , `` i am sorry , we dont deliver to your area '' . my response was , `` uh , we are 10 minutes down the road , what is your delivery area ? '' her answer `` the delivery area is 5 miles , you are outside of it . '' terrible customer service , comical really .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't even normally like philly cheese steaks- but the sandwiches here are amazing ! they put cheez whiz on them . what ? ! i know , sounds completely revolting , right ? turns out it is n't . i though cheez whiz was e-z cheez . nope , it is something completely different . combine that with the grilled onions , and perfectly grilled steak chunks ? hello taste bud meltdown experience . and the cheez whiz fries with grilled onions ? holy mother of god are those goooood ! i do n't even want to take a guess on what the caloric intake is on either- but if you do n't care , or only want to eat once that week anyway- take a trip to corleone 's . you wo n't regret it . ( well , you may if you do n't wear your stretchy pants when you go )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't impressed . the meat on the philly was flavorless they nickel and dime you for mushrooms , peppers and onions . the cook had a problem with his spatula when he was n't cooking he was banging on the grill making music which was very annoying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was craving a cheese steak and went to this place yesterday . one cheese steak was almost 10 bucks and i did n't get fries or anything with it ( maybe that was extra ) the meat in the sandwich tastes just like that frozen steakum crap you get at the grocery store and it was dripping with grease . yuck ! one of the guys behind the counter was kind of an ass too . i will never eat there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great ny style pizza ! ! ! it 's about $ 15 for a large cheese and it 's well worth it ! ! ! the pizzas are very large and very delicious ! ! ! the staff was very friendly , and the environment was nice and clean . i 'd definitely go there again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "corleone 's is good . my favorite is the chicken italiano , but sometimes the chicken is too dry . the original is great too . i like mine with provolone instead of whiz . both the steak and chicken are lean and sliced thin . the staff is nice and helpful , but the prices are outrageous . your receipt does usually have a coupon for $ 2 off your next order , but still ... $ 9 for a half sandwich , fries & drink is a little much . the fries , though ! oh the fries ... they are yummy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the food , love the service . i take co-workers there all the time . hate the parking at lunch time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are good as is the pizza ... although a bit overpriced considering the quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's extremely difficult to find an edible cheese steak sandwich in phoenix , but i discovered a shop that does it right ! tucked into a shopping center on the north-east corner of 16th st. and camelback is a place that has the best cheese steaks in phoenix . they also offer pizza , pretzels and wings . they have a condiment bar with sweet pickled peppers that are a great accompaniment to the sandwiches . we always order too much food because everything we 've tried on the menu is a little taste of philly . oh well , it re-heats nicely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to corleone 's a few times and this is the first time i have had cheese wiz on a cheese steak . ( i 'm a native arizonian , what can i say ? ) . it was awesome and i really like how thinly the beef is shaved . lets discuss cheeze whiz fries for a moment . they are amazing , however eat them quickly . if cheeze whiz is left to sit it congeals and im not a huge fan . however if you do eat it quickly while its still all melty its one of the best things you can put in your mouth . : ) your taste buds will thank you ! ( thank you ocean spray commercial ) its slightly overpriced for my liking , but when you are in the mood to treat yourself and are in the area it can be a fun place to go grab a bite , and certainly something you should try if you have not had the opportunity .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised at the bad reviews . i have eaten at the camelback location twice and the mill location about five times . every time it is great . the bread is so good ! soft , tasty , etc . the meat is so flavorful and juicy ! every time it is good ! i always get the original . i have eaten at forefathers once , and i prefer corleone 's ! much more flavorful ! my sister disagrees , but my husband agrees . i recommend corleone 's ! it is the best philly i have had ! oh , i almost forgot , the service ! the service is amazing at camelback , free extra cheese , etc . the manager there is so friendly ! the service at mill has been hit and miss . i gave five stars because it is the best i have had , but i have never been to the city to have the real thing , so i can not compare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband really likes this place , he likes the # 1 . i think the fries are good . i have had a pizza silce , it was ok . i also found the service slow and unfriendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered a reg philly w whiz , onions , peppers and shrooms , wings and fries . f ! # in awesome food . staff was cool and helped us order easily as it was our first time . even rang us up for a combo cuz it was cheaper than getting just a sandwich and fries . sandwich was 10 inches and over a pound and delicious . fries were delicious and for not being a wing joint , the wings were , here it comes , delicious ! they have a pepper pickle bar that you can package up and take home if you have a to go order . did n't try the pizza but i will when i go back ! you guys need a west side location and some advertising ! only giving 5 stars instead of 6 because i ordered a dozen wings and they were all drumettes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm all for corleone 's . great cheese steaks in a nice atmosphere . i usually go with the original with provolone . i know , you 're supposed to have cheese wiz , but i 'm just not into processed cheese . the service is great and the people who work there are always friendly . thumbs up to cheese steaks from corleone 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great philly cheesesteaks ! ! yummy antipasto salad and can you day `` what a deal ! '' ? 2 big slices of cheese pizza as nd a refillable drink for $ 4.99 ! the staff is all super nice ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is good , but not at all remarkable . lunch specials are a good value , and philly sports memorabilia is fun to peruse . united mileage plus dining participation is also a plus . in the end , there are a plethora of pizza options in the area i like much better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheesesteaks rock ... meatball subs even better ! ! make sure you check this place out ! good food good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was awful . the food was ok . i ordered their italian hoagie which was probably my first mistake because they are known for their cheesesteak . i noticed i had been waiting for 15 minutes so i started looking to see where they were with my order . my sandwich was sitting in the back while some employee wandered around that was supposed to be making it talking about hitting on some girl and getting her name wrong . 10 more minutes went by so i asked where my sandwich was at the counter and it had been ready to go but left it sitting back there . the guy who made it asked me if i wanted anything extra in apology but i just said no thanks and left . the sandwich kind of sucked . it was average at best and absolutely not worth the 30min wait", "score": "2"}
{"review": "automatic soap dispenser but a manual paper towel machine ... make up your mind ! ! are you pre-2010 or not ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheesesteaks , chicken cheesesteaks , cheese fries , pizza and wings are always great . drivers are friendly , and the food always shows up fast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here again for the philly cheesesteaks , maan those are good ! and they are a decent size , as well as the pizza from this place . but if you do get a philly make sure you ask for either provolone or mozzarella . otherwise they 'll give you cheese whiz but the food is good , staff is great and friendly , and it 's a good deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a heart clogging philly cheese steak sandwich with wiz as they call it which taste damn good had the chicken philly as well not as good this place attracts alot of dudes also serve pizza and a varity of other sandwiches", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service . cheesesteaks are delicious . huge pizzas with taste to match . reasonable prices for the amount of food you get . this place had not disappointed since the day i first found out about it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best philly cheese steaks i 've had . have not really had anything else from them , but when i order this is pretty much what i get . they deliver and that is awesome ! really great if you are looking for a philly cheesesteak . they chop the meat up very small and diced though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their pizza is good . i ordered a cheese pizza with all the veggies . it 's thin crust which i like and i probably would go there again . being from the east coast though i am not convinced that they are accomplishing their goal of east coast style pizza . the crust is soggy and not crispy like i am used to . also , the veggies were not fresh . i would much prefer red devil .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having had authentic philly cheese steaks , i can tell you this is spot on . best i 've had anywhere outside of philly . my son says the pizza is awesome too but i have n't had that . i love this place ! only problem is that i have to go clear across town to get to it . wish they 'd open another one closer to west side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best cheesesteak in town , period . even the two east coast guys i went with said it was as close as they had gotten from home . that says a lot coming from these goodfellas i was out with for lunch today ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what do you expect when you order 2 slices of pizza and your total is $ 13.30 ? definately not a half done mediocre looking slice of pizza . go here if you feel the need to overpay . i got two slices of cheese pizza with the toppings thrown on top to where they were n't even incorporated with the cheese ! never going back there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good cheesesteaks , in my opinion they need to come with more cheese . i am always forced to buy extra cheese so i can get it just right which kinda stinks , but when i 'm craving a philly cheesesteak this is my go-to . i ca n't say it 's just like the ones in philly , their meat has more flavor , but this is definitely good for phoenix and probably the best i 've found in az . you also ca n't go wrong with their cheese fries , just know if you get them to go they 're going to be real soggy so eat them in house while they 're fresh . if you 've never had a philly cheesesteak before go check it out ! get the cheese wiz wit onions !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing every time i come here ! my sandwich and fries are always hot and the employees always have a smile on their face ! thank you for continuously making great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here more than a handful of times and the food is ok , the subs are better than the pizza and the prices are good . staff comes off as a bit rude and disinterested but it 's not enough to avoid the place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a philly girl who is always on the hunt for a great cheese steak ! you 'd be surprised how hard it is to find a great sandwich , i mean is there really some great secret in philly ? ? i do have to first say that corleone 's is pretty pricey for just a sandwich and a drink if there are no specials . however , they definitely have the best cheesesteak in phoenix . my search still continues but corleone 's is number one in my book so far .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome cheese steaks and friendly service , what more could you ask for ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kind of warm in there . sun beats against the windows . great service when ordering . ordered my birthday sandwich . they allowed me to upgrade to a full sandwich . excellent rib eye and provolone sandwich , hot fries and large drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here about once a month . as far as cheese steaks go they are very good . get the one with whiz and onions ! here is where i have a problem , the customer service is horrible . when you walk in they do n't greet you . they just look at you and wait for you to say something . they never smile . everyone working looks like they hate their life . a simple hello , a smile , and a thank you when i give you my hard earned money is all i ask . i hope they improve or i will find another place for cheese steaks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'd like to give them no stars but i did n't have that option . i ordered food for delivery once and they took an hour and a half . they got lost and did n't bother calling me for directions even though i gave them my number specifically for that reason . my food was cold and i did n't get my entire order . they suck ! do n't eat there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm all about the $ 5 special . two slices ( i stick all sorts of free peppers on them , can you say cheapo ? ) and a drink ! the guys at the counter are kind even though they 're usually super busy . you can get a large for like $ 10 too . good sauce & great crisp crust- i 'm in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of corleone 's . first of all , the name is awesome . the food is good but not great . the thing that makes it 4 stars , in my opinion , is their pricing . i recently ordered a huge pizza and a side of mozzarella sticks for delivery on a friday night . the total price for my order ( including tip ) was $ 15 . full disclosure , i had a $ 5 off coupon from a previous order but that is n't the point . cheap & good food . ca n't beat it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a phlilly cheese steak place to use canned mushrooms and charge u 50 cents for them is crazy ... . no one here had a smile on their face it seemed as if everyone here was pissed off to serve me and take my order never coming here again ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best service , best cheesesteak in the valley imo . staff is super friendly and makes sure you feel at home . this is super cool when you 're tired and need a bite to eat after work . i need excellent customer service when i 'm tired and they give me that . i 'll continue making my weekly visit when i 'm up this way . two up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the small cheese steak with grilled onions . excellent bread and tasty made to order . i like the doll pickle jar by the sodas . definitely on my stopping list on camelback .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not super impressed . the atmosphere was cool ... but the service was very meh..felt like an upscale subway . my main issue was the price..i got a meatball parm 6 '' ... just by itself ... which felt very meager and it was close to $ 8 . no drink , no chips . save your $ 8 and get deli food elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the cheese steak was ok. just ok really because they toasted the damn roll . that is not a cheese steak , that is a grinder . the pretzels are really really good and authentic . as far as the staff , if they are rude or whatever , that is the way it is in philly . lol .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "called for delivery a few times more than half an hour before they close , and they wo n't deliver . i 've never heard of a place doing this . the food is good , but their delivery policy is total bs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great sandwiches . awesome thin crust pizza . friendly , fast , fresh , quality ingredients , clean . reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the tuesday bogo deals on cheesesteaks . pizza is decent too . the staff is always friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we walked in for a quick bite , asked `` the man '' for his recommendation and he hooked us up with the most delicious philly cheesesteak i 've ever tried in my life ! ! the decor is interesting and they even had rocky playing on the television ! ! definitely plan to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend took me there two years ago while on business . was awesome then , and still is . this time i brought my son with me . the people that work there are great and the music is fantastic . hopefully it wo n't be another two years to get back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their sandwiches reminds me of cafeteria food in junior high school . best used for a food fight . save your money and go to chipotles next door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend really talked this place up so i was excited to try it , but we both walked out disappointed . i had the chicken italiano which is marinated chicken with provolone , spinach , and grilled onions . this portion of the sandwhich was actually really good , but the bread was awful ! it seemed like it had been pulled out of a freezer . my friend was also disappointed in his cheesesteak , inside and out . the fries were quite tasty though : ) for $ 9 a sandwich , give me fresh bread !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! philly cheese steak is amazing & delivery is fast , good still hot ! eating as i type ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow service and 15-20 for mediocre philly cheese steaks . sandwiches and fries do not have a lot of flavor . also the televisions are blaring loud , if you have sensitive hearing beware . seating is limited .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i order from here at least once a week using eat24 , and i have never had bad service , or the wrong order . the staff seems responsive and respectful . plus the food always great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get chicken philly with extra chicken , extra mayo and extra provolone cheese ! also try the meatball pizza , it 's very good lol ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great good . def w be back . philly cheese has much meat and not disappointed . toasted bread , onions w chiz wiz on my philly cheese , yummmmm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i find it hard to go anywhere else but here for philly cheesesteaks ! you guys rock ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i should have listened to the other horrible reviews about their slow delivery times . i have n't even received the food yet ( 1.5 hours and counting ) , but regardless of how good the food might be , i 'm never going to order again . got the food after 1 hour and 45 minutes . cold and mediocre . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "grade a cheese steaks at a reasonable price . probably one of the best places to grab a philly in the phx area . i 'm so glad this place uses cheese whiz ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza , closest thing i have found to true ny style pizza . many places claim to have ny style and they are sadly mistaken . but the pizza here is the closest to home that i have found", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that the offer delivery ! the cheese steaks are always amazing & staff is friendly . the delivery service is just as good as going inside !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had dinner tonight and it was the most amazing cheesesteak i 've had in my life . i got a small size classic with cheese whiz , american , and bacon omg i inhaled it . the steak was lean and flavorful , the bread was fresh and delectable , and the cheese bacon combo completed my life . thank you for an amazing meal , i 'm already looking forward to my next one ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever my nephews come to visit they force me to order corleone 's kids chicken nuggets . they come in fun shapes which they like and they like the lemonade ! i would have given 4 stars but one time they forgot ketchup which was the end of the world for the kids ! also both times it 's taken an hour for delivery , which is a long time for me ! i got the godfather hoagie one time and it was pretty good ! i would try it out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good philly , nice thin pizza w oregano ... place is kinda dirty , tables were not bussed , but food 's good , i 'll go back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "call corleone 's only if you have two hours for delivery . the online order response told us 50 minutes . horrible manager on duty . we called . told us at 60 minutes the driver was in the car . told us at 110 minutes that driver left 15 minutes ago . one of those has to be a lie , right ? told us `` online says it 's 50min but really it is 90min . '' food arrived 2hrs late . on dot . they never tried to update us or treat us honestly , just kept feeding us lines . kept calling me `` boss '' which i wish were true . driver was nice enough and hustled , said he was n't even a driver but instead a cook . do n't know who to blame . but i know we wo n't be calling corleone 's again . or going in person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay so i 've been coming here for a year now and i usually get the to slice to go with the pretzel because i love philadelphia pretzels and for the last year i 've been allowed to use my $ 2 discount it comes on every receipt until today when apparently some new girl explains for some reason or another i 'm not allowed to use this coupon well that 's okay because i can live without the philadelphia pretzel and get pizza someplace else goodbye colon it was nice coming here for a year but apparently it is time to move on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never order from this location ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! never order from this location i ordered at 11:15am and it took them almost 2.5 hours to deliver my food and the food was stone cold and the drink was completely watered down from stitting in the drivers car for so long i will never order from this place again teh service is miserable !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered delivery . the estimated wait time was 45-60 minutes ( a bit long for delivery imo ) and they were 15 minutes late . the french fries were soggy and tasted a bit stale . even re-heated , they were n't good . however , the sandwich made up for everything . i had the meatball marinara sub with provolone and jalapenos and it was delicious . i 'd be willing to try this place again , but not through delivery again . carry out only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm from philly and know what i 'm looking for in a cheese steak.. corleone 's nails it every time ... high quality ingredients ( worth a little more ) and great service..only problem is that they now have great pizza too so what am i supposed to do ? keep up the great work ! see you for this weekends email special as usual", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited an hour and a half for fries and a sandwich to be delivered . i live less than ten minutes away and the food was cold . will not order again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ex-east-coaster that i am , i am always looking for a good traditional pizza and a philly cheesesteak . 5 stars for the pizza here - just like i used to have growing up . 3 stars for the cheesesteaks -- good but not great , and a bit overpriced . i prefer uncle sam 's , just up the 51 a bit , but i suppose that 's just personal preference . service is solid ; last time i came in for take-out they burned my pizza , so they made me a new one for free . that 's how you treat customers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes . this is exactly what i was hoping for . just cheesy enough , just beefy enough , just greasy enough , just awesome enough . ( got the cheesesteak if it was n't obvious ) not mind-blowing , but that 's kind of the goal , right ? bread , wiz , steak and onions . exactly what the doctor ordered . would definitely eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so delicious . i stopped in for lunch expecting hair a quick mediocre food and it totally exceeded my expectations ! ! i come here all the time . super nice staff and amazing food . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered `` the original '' w jalape\u00f1os - $ 10 ! not even a combo . only ate half . it was filling - but is the taste quality worth the money ? nope . i 'm assuming it has to do with location . the look of the pizza was not appetizing . the cheese looked dry which is one of the reasons i did n't order it . the inside was clean & organized so i appreciated that !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . their pizza is amazing ! i just wish ordering delivery did n't take an hour or more . i 've recommended this place to others multiple times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza here is pretty good . cheesesteaks could use some work though ! meat is not seasoned and bland . there also is n't much meat on the cheesesteak , which is especially disappointing given the price . bottom line : go for the pizza but skip out on the expensive cheesesteaks , they are n't worth it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great philly cheese steak ca n't speak for the rest of the menu but the cheese steak was everything you want . they 're not stingy with the meat either ! i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've eaten here at least 3 times already in the last couple of months ! my wife and i love it ! have n't had cheese whiz since i was a kid , so its kind of special . my wife brought me the cheesesteak fries last night . my life is changed ! i have a new appreciation for corleone 's now . its so good , it will have you licking the cheese off of the tray paper ( if you are a true cheese whiz fan ) . of course , we had the cheesesteaks as well ... do n't tell me how many calories were in both the big cheesesteak sandwich and the cheesesteak fries ... i 'm having at the present point not knowing . i 'll exercise later today ! just know their food is excellent ! i need to plan a trip to the top cheesesteak places in philly one day for a comparison , but in my book , corleone 's is top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this pizza . the staff is also always on point . i 've tried many pizza joints in az , this is definitely in my top favorites . the wings are really good too . i wish they were still on grubhub . whoever the owner is , they are hiring the right people . i 'm always welcomed and my order is made quickly . this is the type of place where you look for the tip jar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not to bad cheese steaks are good but little to greasy for me bread tasted a little off but good portion of meat but the people that work here are unfriendly or just no personality mite go back to try a slice", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i ordered this via yelp delivery . i 'm not sure whether that has something to do with the food we got but i 'm not pleased . we ordered 2 sandwiches : the steak italiano and the buffalo chicken . the first came without the onions i ordered and the second came without the ranch i ordered ( it was literally just bread and chicken ) . i even went as far as requesting both the onions and the ranch on the side . what we got was extremely mediocre sandwiches . i gave 2 starts because it was food and it the sandwiches were eatable . the french fries were cold , soggy and tasted like freezer burn . they were not accompanied by any ketchup to make them even minimally palatable . they went straight into the trash bin . this 'meal ' took a full hour to arrive ( which yelp did warn us about ) . in short : i do not think it would be worth the gas or effort to drive to this place to get food , and its not worth a 60 min wait for delivery .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered online and i chose the incorrect location . when i got here we figured out the issue . the person who was helping us understood the mistake and made my order free of charge . i have been coming to this location for years and everyone has always been very friendly . great customer service to go along with a bomb ass philly cheesesteak . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long wait it took forever for them to come and take my order then it took forever for them to make the food they forgot the onions and no peppers this place is n't what it used to be : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since we came back from italy we have n't found pizza decent enough compared to the real thing but this place comes close . their french fries are also good ! and they are quick", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who ever rated this place not that good does n't know how to eat i ate philly cheesesteaks jims and pats and it 's near there it was bomb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy spinach ! so , my partner and i ordered the vegetarian version of their philly cheesesteaks . it was slimy spinach , a little onion , a little pepper , a little cheese , covered ( slathered , soaked , drenched ) in oil and vinegar . i did n't request oil or vinegar , and it was n't an option presented to me online when i ordered . and the spinach ... oh , my , gawd . i grew up on a farm in southeastern ohio and i 've never seen so much spinach crammed into such a small place . seriously - there are other vegetables . lots of other vegetables . their onion rings , though , are pure art . they are the most delicious onion rings i 've ever put anywhere near my mouth , with the exception of oak creek in sedona and sun up in phoenix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great for what it is . sometimes you just want a greasy fatty cheesy juicy meaty ball of deliciousness wrapped in a bun . you know it 's awful for you . you know you 'll regret it with a bloated overstuffed belly . but damn it 's good ! this place delivers on all levels for that . excellent cheesesteaks just about however you like them . cooked fresh . fries are fresh too . the pizza is n't bad if you like a plain jane slice of ny style pie either . is it gourmet . no . is it great for what it is . absolutely . now get a samich , take an extra dose of cholesterol medicine and do n't tell your cardiologist !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried the delivery again ... you do n't even find out it 's going to take almost 2 hours for it to arrive until they have your money ... i live less than 2 miles away and ordered two things . warn me first so i can pick another delivery option when i 'm hungry.. food actually showed up in 40 minutes so i feel better now and increased by one star , i 'm one of the lucky ones ... the food is always good . nothing amazing though . if you want amazing try the luke 's of chicago on indian school and 16th st. omg.. they do n't deliver but had to share .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best philly cheese steak in the valley ! they actually use the correct ingredient that most places do n't use ... .cheez whiz ! and of course you got ta get it wit grilled onions ! they are always quick and have some really great specials . they also have some of the best french fries , of course i get the cheez whiz on that and it 's even more delicious ! ! ! ! i will continue to come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! we have enjoyed their sandwiches for years , but the real surprise is their pizza ! seriously- it pretty good ! my wife thinks it may be that they use better ingredients . who knows- they could be using the `` soylent green '' for all i care- their pizza is great and at a bargain price too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was born and raised in philly . absolute best cheesesteak i 've had outside of philly ... ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "corleone 's on camelback always hits the spot . they goofed up on one order ( delivery ) and when i called to complain they said they would immediately fix it . seems like it 's well managed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here for the first time last week since recently moving to the neighborhood . the pizza was amazing ca n't wait to try the cheese steaks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from philly this shop would n't be open . it is ok for phoenix but a true philadelphian knows a good cheese steak when they eat one . there is barely any meat in the sandwich , little to no seasoning , the condiments are plenty by they do n't make up for the lack of substance of the cheese steak .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we wanted a quick lunch and they were close . we ordered their steak sandwich with cheese whiz . we also had their buffalo chicken sandwich . service was quick and the staff was friendly . the bread was fresh from the oven . both sandwiches were great . the bread was nice and crunchy on the outside . you need to eat immediately other wise it will be a little soggy . the fries were plentiful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best cheesesteak in town . get cheese whiz sauce with your fries . service is fast and friendly decor is a philly history lesson . five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed to add a side of cheese . since it all melted away by the time it got to me . although it was still yummy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been ordering ( delivery ) from corleone 's for some time now and every single time the food is pretty good , fresh and hot . their cheese steak sandwiches are quite good . i 'm always looking for reliable food delivery and this place does deliver every single time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never been to phili but if the food is as good there as it is here and the people are just as nice i might have to make it my next vacation destination .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give it 5 stars but the customer service is terrible . the food is great . the first time i ordered i called in to order a pizza the guy on the phone acted like it was the hardest thing to do and was rude . i figured ok maybe he 's having a bad day . pizza was great . i went in the restaurant two days ago . my boyfriend was getting a philly and i asked for their anti-pasta salad and the manager goes nope we are all out of salad . really i 'm sure salad is a high selling product here ( mind you this is right after they opened . ) so i get a philly and of course the food was good the restaurant was dirty food and napkins on tbe floor and the tables were dirty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great . really good pizza and lunch specials . the staff is always super friendly ! the atmosphere is fun for a pizza parlor and its local reputation is super positive . i know businesses around that area that eat here religiously .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the pizza for the first time today . i had the $ 4.99 two cheese slice special with a drink . it 's a decent value as the slices are quite large . however not much flavor to the sauce or the pizza in general . the crust despite being properly cooked with appropriate browning on the bottom just seemed to lack substance . it seemed to just disappear in my mouth rather than being chewable . it 's a decent value for the money , the place was clean and the service was quick enough . i would n't go back for the pizza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been ordering from corleone 's for years.. sometimes multiple times a week but my experience today was awful & they lost my business as well as everyone where i work . i ordered my usual turkey hoagie to have delivered.. once i received my order i noticed what looked like a dry bloody booger on the bag so i called requesting a refund or a new sandwich . the man gave the phone to another guy who was just plain rude . he said `` oh you 're amber , you order here like 3 times a week.. you know as well as i do that it is not a dry bloody booger , it probably came down the food line . i 'll come and get it & then hung up '' . the delivery driver came & gave me a refund ( he was really nice ) but was not offered any new food to make up for it . it . does n't . matter . you do n't talk to people like that.. especially someone who orders as often as we do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you like hamburger helper , order yourself a philly steak with cheez whizz . not only did my sandwich take an hour and a half to be delivered a fifth of a mile , it 's contents were no better than re-heated , leftover hamburger helper mush . dine-in", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after trying several cheese steaks in the area we found no need to continue our search the perfect , authentic `` wit whiz '' sandwich . by far the best this side of the continent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! by far the best cheesesteaks outside of philly ... hands down ! the rolls are perfectly soft , the whiz is the authentic best and the meat is just right . super friendly staff , clean restaurant ... and good pickles too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta try the philly cheesesteak wit wiz . yup- cheez whiz , the orange stuff from a can . it 's a bit salty for my taste but not bad . i came here for lunch and against my better judgment , i went with the 6 inch ... . go for the foot long ! ( that 's what she said . ) i also wished they gave me more fries with my meal , those are good . as i was leaving , there was an after 4 pm special so it may be worth trying after dark because unless you want to spend about $ 8 on a so-so philly cheesesteak sandwich , then go for it . overall , i would go again but not excitedly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , nothing is great about it . large portions . this service is a bit slow . i walked on with only a few people on the restaurant and still takes about 15 minutes to get food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love going to this place to get a philly cheesesteak sandwich . the prices are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thanks for delivering my pizza in a timely manner while still hot . you would 've gotten 5 stars but i prefer new york style pizzas better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food and the staff is laid back and friendly . you ca n't go wrong with the original and do n't forget to add fries . take in a little rocky while you eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "previously ordered from here and was always pleased . today my order was 20 mins late . my husband had to go out looking for the driver . then i get the driver was smug about not bro g compensated for his tardiness ... hopefully this is just a fluke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have n't been to corleone 's in almost a year , but i was thinking about sandwiches and remembered how much i liked corleone 's , so this review is a bit overdue . first time i went i remember thinking `` cheez whiz on a sandwich ? '' but i was told to try it before i complained and i did . i used that same spiel on my mom when i took her and she frowned at cheez whiz being on her sandwich . needless to say , we were both wrong . the philly cheese steak at corleone 's is amazing . they also have really good fries and that 's pretty much the only two things i 've ever eaten there in spite of having been there probably a dozen times . even if you 're apprehensive , go and give it a try , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "will never be back . apparently rudeness is acceptable service . my friend went in to pick up our pizza , watched the pizza jockey pull and stretch a pie trying to get it of the board and into the oven . when the cashier was asked if that was our pizza , my friend was told `` i 'm not gon na tell you that '' and refused to answer direct questions . i guess they have enough business that they do n't need my business now or in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "can not beat the 2 slice + drink for 5 bucks . guys behind counter are nice and the food is good for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered an original with whiz . amazing . every once in a while i stray from my paleo diet to indulge , and it really hit the spot today . bonus my order was delivered in 20 minutes , the driver was very nice ( and cute too ) . i would recommend this spot for anyone craving a philly . yay ! you guys rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is review is based on my experience with their delivery service . after several orders of pizza and wings , i have not been disappointed ! i love this style of pizza- thin crust , light on the sauce , powerful cheese taste . the wings were yummy as well . only complaint is that it took a while to get the food ( longer than i was told on the phone ) and the second time it arrived less than lukewarm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "despite 5 employees all with philadelphia hats on , i 'm guessing none of these phoenicians has ever been to philly and had a cheesesteak . they just could not get it right . the cheese was not at all mixed into the steak . the guy put it on like it was mustard or something . hardly any steak either . i had to move half the steak onto half the bun and eat it or else it would have been all bread . place is also dirty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i 'm craving new york style pizza they always hit the spot i love there cheese pizza so yummy ! steak fries are good to with her with or without cheese . trying buffalo chicken today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the philly sandwiches ! ! the fries with cheese whiz are amazing too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like using this place for their slice of steak and maybe a drink for about $ 3.60 as either a decent lunch or to take it home and have it with a salad for dinner . it 's a cheap and quick meal and tastes really good . the fries are pretty above average too . the people who take your order behind the counter are pretty gruff , but they consistently deliver a good product and have seen them be accommodating to other customers by wiping down tables for them and apologize they were less than clean so that really impressed me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delivery times are a joke , however , i am from pennsylvania so i know pizza and subs . nypd does n't hold a candle to east coast pizza like these guys . it 's the closest to a real east coast slice i 've found so far . the peppers on the condiment bar are just like philly . get your orders out quicker and it 'll be five starts yo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best philly cheesesteak in the valley . you can get cheez whiz on it and they use sliced ribeye . most places do not offer cheez whiz , which every place in philly ofers ... .ca n't get closer to philly than that ! go ! now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see a lot of complaints about delivery , but i do n't really think that 's corleone 's fault . their food is absolutely delicious for philly cheese steaks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love corleone 's ! ! we are huge fans of the authentic philly cheese steaks , especially with the whiz . and you got ta try the onion rings ! mmm ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love these sandwiches . its a little pricey if you order 'normally ' but there are all sorts of specials to help with that-get on their email list ! . when you can bring that price down , what you get is one of the better sandwiches from a chain around . the pizza is ok , nothing mindblowing , but still better than the likes of dominoes or papa johns . same deal as the sandwiches- if you order at the right time , you can get a lot of pie for your dollars ( and if you are inebriated and or have lots of hot sauce , you will like it just fine ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spent $ 40 on a large pizza wings and a vegetarian sandwich , pizza was mediocre wings were overly cooked so they were hard , the sandwich had provolone cheese lettuce tomato bell peppers and soggy spinach and it taste like nothing worse sandwich i think i 've ever had ! would definitely never eat there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a chicken cheese steak , a cold italian sub ( hoagie ) , or a slice of great thin-crust pizza , this is my destination . they also usually have tastykakes ... from philly ... .but do n't tell , or they might run out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "philly cheese steaks are good , the bacon cheese and steak and cheese fries are basic . i made my order for delivery at 5:38 they did n't show up until 7:30 . they called me to tell me they did n't have enough bacon for 2 bacon cheese fries like 40 mins after i made my order , lol it 's always funny when a business `` runs '' out of stuff . overall it was ok i would n't bother going back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just had the experience of a lifetime with my reading class.on this field trip , my students got to work the grill , creating their own cheesesteaks . they are still raving about the opportunity and the food . everyone in our party was also treated to their own , cooked-to-order sandwich . little joey is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing costumer service as i walk in to enjoy my delicious philly cheese stake and pizza made by jorge thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a small cheesesteak with america cheese and onion and peppers , was really good and actually a pretty good size . i wish it would 've had a bit more pepper but if i ever want a cheesesteak this is where i 'll be going ! fast service thought it was a little hot in there so take out would be your best option looks small but once you step inside its big .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` it 's begining to look a lot like christmas . '' i love love looooove samko and miko toys . i came here for a decade of time , and continue coming here a few times a year . samko and miko toys is a massive warehouse that houses a gajillion toys and books . the prices are super low for toys in comparison to big branded stores such as mastermind or toysrus . there 's usually an arts aisle , a cars toy guns aisle and a barbie doll , playset aisle . at the very back three rows of the warehouse , there 's tons of books , for kids , cookbooks for adults , workbooks , science encyclopedias for kids , french books , whatever you can think of ! they also sell bigger items such as the cars that kids can sit in and drive in , a ball pit for kids , oh my gosh , i can list endlessly . i truly love this place and i highly recommend it for people to come and do some christmas gift shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this sale ! a great place to find toys & books at discounted prices . it 's obvious they were overstocked or discontinued items from some years back hence the discount . there are no refunds or exchanges . but there are some decent brand names . remember to pick up a large red bag before you shop ! things get pretty heavy . books were amazing . we were mostly looking for children 's books and the price ranged mostly from $ 1.50 - 3.50 . what a steal ! lots of toys also from 0 months and + . we are so coming back here for some x'mas shopping ! lots of parking ... bring some hand sanitizer cuz you hands will feel dirty afterwards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite place to do all my christmas shopping for kids . they have a great selection of toys , games , crafts , electronics , books , and baby stuff . i have been able to find wonderful gifts for any age from newborns up to teens here , and at fantastic discounted prices . i highly recommend coming here first before hitting the big stores for toys or baby gear , they will likely have what you are looking for or something like it . this warehouse sale comes up every few months and i always look forward to finding something new for kids . i always leave with more than i can carry because the prices are so good i am able to afford so much more . i love a good deal and this is definitely one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "need children gifts ? this is a great spot with great options at good prices . staff : you are first greeted by someone handing you an empty red garbage bag for all the toys and books you 'll by . other than that , i did not have much interaction but the cashiers were quick . store : it is big with a large selection of toys and books at good prices . definitely can get a lot of things for kids . unfortunately it is geared towards the younger crowd so not much for adults and older kids . now be aware these are n't the current most popular toys , as most are clearance items . but with the prices it becomes a one stop shop for holiday shopping for the kids . great place but it is seasonal so go now before they close down ! also be aware the parking lot is small for the amount of customers wanting to shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a variety of excellent toys books and extra ordinary ideas of toys that you can not get at toys r us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after seeing amazing # foodporn pics of sandwiches from zookz via direct mail and on local billboards on numerous occasions , i decided to head over one morning to bite into one ! zookz offers a central location , plenty of parking , a fast-casual atmosphere , friendly service , free wifi , and indoor outdoor seating . the menu consists of a variety of moderately priced breakfast and lunch sandwiches and a couple of salads . i went for a breakfast sandwich ( # 11 ) . sadly , i was n't overly impressed ... i felt my sandwich lacked a ton of flavor despite having eggs , cheese , bacon , tomato , etc ... i added sriracha sauce and gobbled it up regardless , but i do n't know that i will rush back . that being said , if sandwiches are your thing , this place is worth checking out . i hope that you 'll be more impressed than i was !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for the first time this past weekend and will certainly return . great service , unique sandwiches from a a bread standpoint and my roast beef and cheddar was very tasty and had just enough horseradish sauce !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not that zookz sandwiches are bad ... they just are n't good . the location is nice and the staff is great , but the sandwiches are very bland and unsatisfying . the bread is grilled in a novel fashion but that was the highlight of our visit . there are better options if you are looking for something with flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now , and while not bad , i find nothing really satisfying about the place . first visit , my breakfast sandwich fillings were distributed mostly to one side , so one half was relatively tasty but the other side was bland . 2nd visit , my lunch sandwich fillings were good , but nothing really stood out that would make want the sandwich again , or even to return to zookz at all . my biggest complaint about zookz is the bread . their 'uncrustable ' style of sandwich pocket pressing results in a very dry , very hard , unappealing , nearly inedible 1 '' surround on the sealed edge of the bread . if they buttered the bread before closing it up in their clamshell press , it might improve the product . zookz is n't bad ; it just fell far short of my expectations based on reviews . two visits & i 'll opt for the many other better sandwich places around town from now on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service was amazing . i got a sandwich that was n't up my alley . the owner came out and brought me a new one free of charge ! amazing food and i love the salad instead of chips ! awesome place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooooo good . lives up to yelp reviews . although not big portions , it was just the right amount so i did n't feel like i was going into a food coma . ordered the zinger and it was so tasty . cream cheese made it different than your average breakfast sandwich . the man who took my ordered was so friendly and helped me sift through the menu . he even came by after to see what i thought and like he said the cream cheese adds some `` zing or pizzaz '' . service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent fast casual sandwich spot . perfect for a quick , savory breakfast sandwich that 's grilled in a pocket-like pasty . i 'll definitely be back . very reasonable prices too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this an awesome place to have breakfast customers service is great the food is wonderful the owner is very nice she was asking everyone for there opinion and introduced herself she 's very nice . the food came out fast and very well cooked my husband and i had a wonderful experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! ! ! i absolutely love this place . i came in here one day after seeing the billboard at camelback & central . the sandwich looked soooo delicious . i tried the # 11 and now i 'm hooked . i brought a sandwich in with me to work and now my coworkers are hooked too . so now i 'm ordering for my coworkers and myself on certain days . nothing like ordering 7+ sandwiches at a time . this is a great concept . all the employees are super friendly . and the food is super delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been in arizona 5 days and this is the first enjoyable meal we have had . basically a gourmet uncrustable . delicious , fresh and worth a visit . staff was friendly and helpful . trendy atmosphere and very clean . the dessert was amazing too . we will certainly return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this casual sandwich shop that specializes in disc-shaped toasted sandwiches . the owner is always around greeting her patrons and making sure that the quality is consistent . the sandwiches themselves are awesome . perfect crunchiness every bite but never burnt . my wife had her favourite , curry turkey ( no 15 ) , and it was just as good the first time we came by . i had the poached egg and bacon ( no 22 ) , which was good , but i probably should have gone with a lunch sandwich given the time of day . every item on the menu has been an explosion of savoury delight . this is our favourite sandwich place in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time goers . three of us really enjoyed the unique sandwiches there yesterday . talked with the owner , carole , and very interesting background . loved the kale salad that she suggested . definitely a repeat place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! wonderful little unique sandwiches bursting with flavor , leaving you feeling very satisfied . pride of ownership is apparent with such a cool little story about the founders grandmother and her influence on the restaurant . will definitely be back for breakfast or lunch when i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love zookz ! i always have ! i do n't know how some of these yelpers can write 1 star when they 're angry they caught you outside business hours . it forever changes your rating and she has n't even tried the product ! ? ! look at the hours , people ! and do n't get all hurt because you ca n't do your homework by looking at the hours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked this place out on yelp before i went , i saw a lot of good review so i ventured and got me a sandwich after church . i was really impressed with the place , it has a very colorful atmosphere and a personal welcoming feeling from the staff . i ordered the # 22 breakfast sandwich , and the guy asked for my name . i personally prefer being called by my name rather than a number on my receipt . the sandwich looked sorta small when i got it but it was very filling . you get a 10 % coupon if you check into the restaurant , so make sure to check in into yelp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good sandwich . not huge . just the right size . i had the # 30 and my bff got the # 20 . both good . if you have a sandwich maker at home you could probably replicate any of their sandwiches . but if you 're out and about and need an inexpensive lunch stop in !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meilleur place de r\u00e9paration au monde ! merci d'avoir trouv\u00e9 le petit probl\u00e8me de speeker de mon nexus 5 : ) vous m'avez sauv\u00e9 la vie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the professional service and speedy recovery offered here ! dropped off my laptop at 2pm for water damage and got it back the same day at 5pm ! the laptop works perfectly fine now and i am glad i came here first when the damage happened : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hates off to these guys ! they fixed my iphone 6s a few months ago and macbook pro a week ago . top notch service . they where able to identify the problem quickly and fix all my problems . i got my phone back the same day and it still works great . the macbook took a few days but they brought it back to me like new ! water damage was gone and my screen replaced . thank you for helping me save a lot of money on replacement devices . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall amazing experience with this store . i brought my phone in to have the screen replaced and i was greeted with a smile as soon as i walked in the door . chris was working & served me efficiently and with great care . when i had to return to pick up the phone , same smiley greeting from the man at the desk . i was asked how my day was going - nice touch ! the tech guy who fixed my phone ( ca n't remember his name ) and chris were both at the front helping me . they solved the issues quickly & kept a conversation going the entire time i was in the store . the service was very personalized & felt like i was taken care of & my problems solved . i would recommend anyone needing cell repairs to go to this store . customer service is excellent & my phone was fixed very fast . great job guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je suis pass\u00e9 dans ce commerce 3 fois , chaque fois j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 bien re\u00e7u . on m'a m\u00eame consacr\u00e9 20 min \u00e0 r\u00e9tablir ma tablette d\u00e9fectueuse en sachant qu'il le faisait gratuitement . ils prennent le temps de bien expliquer , on a le sentiment qu'on ne les d\u00e9range pas , qu'il sont l\u00e0 pour servir . c'est le premier endroit auquel je penserai si ma techno se casse , parceque je sais qu'ils seront fairplay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their products are crap they will lend u service they wo n't tell you about the service charge after . they owner is very unethical person rude . please do n't buy any scooter on their store . i had my first one the same problem what i 'm having now . i can truly attest to this miserable store", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to see if i could get financed for a scooter , becasue i need to be mobile . i opened the street front door & the guy says `` i 'm in a meeting ! '' not hold i 'll be right with you . why have a street front door , if you do n't want anyone walking in ? ? makes no sense . then when he finally gets up off his ass to come to talk to me , he acts like t was a pain in the ass to come talk to me . i will never go to this place again . a regular store customer recommended this place , but i will have to let her know i wo n't be doong business with this company . never again & if i could , i would n't even rate this.place with 1 star , but i have to", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they do n't even deserve one star . they were completely rude ! ! i confirmed the price multiple times over the phone before i brought my scooter down . and when i came to pick it up they told me a completely different price . they main guy was so rude and accused me of being drunk ( which i do n't even drink ) because i was upset about the situation . i will not recommend this place to anyone . they are completely unprofessional & have no idea how to communicate . i will never go back there . they over charged me $ 60 for a belt . which should of only been 15 . i paid 75 for nothing . they refused to give me my scooter without the 75 . when they told me only 15 on the phone . they are cheap and a scam ! i recommend going somewhere else ! ! the manager on duty on august 19th at 3:00pm deserves to get fired !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "scammers & theives they approved a payment plan without paperwork , 1 2 now & 1 2 in2 weeks . two days after purchase they stole it back & erased all evidence of the transaction . when i reported it stolen to the shop , the shop owner , `` only first name , david '' only asked for their remaining payment , regardless that it was stolen & they still held the title . camera surveillance in my complex did n't see anyone walk out with the scooter , it must have been in a truck . i reported to the police & they said they could do nothing without the title . but after i told the scooter people about contacting the cops , they stopped calling . do n't buy from here unless you want to donate $ 100s of dollars to them for a scooter they will track down & repossess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this guy is a crook . sold me a brand new defective battery for my scooter and on 3 separatet occaaions he placed the blame on me claiming that it was my scooter that was defective not the battery he sold me.his solution was to leave the battery there to charge for hours and then return . each time the batt would only hold an 8volt charge essentially dead . it was n't until i asked him if he was in yelp that he finally replaced the dead battery with another one claiming it was brand new , no box or paperwork which it clearly was n't but at least worked . and not before cussing me out calling me abusive names and being very disrespectful . i would n't recommend anybodody going to this place to purchase or repair existing scooter this man is very disrespectfu and is a liar and unprofessional he will hussle you and nickel and dime you for every penny . l am jewish , but this guy gives jews a bad name . even worse than mms scooters .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've bought a couple things here lately and the service is great . location is close to st. clair subway in midtown , yet the store is n't part of a mall and has a boutique feel . they 've got a good selection of shoes and exercise accessories for a small store . good return policy - though i 've never used it , you can still apparently return shoes for ( i think ) a couple of weeks even if you 've worn them outside , as long as they are still saleable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 've got a thing for new balance footwear , clearly , this is where you need to be . selection is good ; sale prices are reasonable . i had a perfectly non-offensive shoe-buying experience here recently , capped by the gracious staff allowing me to exchange my too-small new shoes sans receipt and despite having already worn them on a few punishing runs . much appreciated guys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't wear running shoes , so i ca n't comment on that . i love the nb casual sneakers though . service is quite friendly , and they can figure out if other locations have your size very quickly in store . the downside is that they almost never have sales , at least from my experience . the only time of year i know that they have sales is their boxing day sale , which runs for a few weeks straddling boxing day itself , i believe . fyi - selection in-store is larger than online . use the website as a rough guide , but do n't assume that it 's their entire inventory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was fantastic . i had been looking for a new pair of running shoes for a while , but it 's always hard to find since i take a child 's size shoe ( yet , i 'm not a child ... ) . in any case , i went in here on a snowy afternoon and came out with a fantastic pair of pink runners . staff were knowledgeable and they did n't try to push me into the latest trend either , as one tends to find with other stores . i definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "toronto new balance has multiple locations , including their online store fit4balance.com . our first exposure was at the oakville location . it is smaller and does n't not carry a complete offering of colour choices . ian was great at the oakville store but the others were only semi interested in our needs . the website is very good but still had the same colour limitations as the store . however , christine at the other end of the phone for online ordering was wonderful . she spent time to ensure we got what we needed and when it was needed in a very friendly and professional manner . we have ordered two times now from the website and each time the order was processed and shipped same day or next day . very happy and would have received 5 if they offered the full new balance line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so many shoes , so worth the investment ... this ranks up with office depot or staples in atypical stores you can find so many things you want here , granted at this store using those things are good for your health ( as opposed to office depot items , which just encourage more computer time ) . the guys up at yonge st clair prioritize customer service to a 't ' , an make the whole shoe-shopping experience easy and enjoyable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a runner but i do n't actually wear new balance shoes . that said , i 'm sure they have a shoe model that would match my asics gel neo33 or saucony progrid mirage . what i do like about this place is that they do have not only an extensive selection of runners for whatever you foot-type or running style and they also have shoes for comfort that you can use for walking or casual wear . as far as gear , they are well stocked with shirts , shorts , pants , tops , jackets , socks and accessories for running , tennis or cross-training . they also have fitness gear like stress balls , resistance bands , and dumbbells which are essential for `` in between '' activities . they also regularly have sales so it 's good to get on their distribution list . on a sidenote ... they hosted a meet & greet session with canadian tennis star , milos raonic so that was pretty cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in the store 10 minutes to closing since we were walking to the parking garage after dinner in the area . i have n't been into the store in years since i rarely come to yonge & st.clair area , but was pleasantly surprised to see the various selections . everything was nicely displayed and organized accordingly . it 's a fairly small store , but definitely holds a lot of merchandise without it looking crammed in . the women 's clothing were on sale and they had some really nice tops , but i can not justify buying more tops as i already have plenty . the staff were friendly and they were n't rushing us out because they were closing soon . cashier was quite the funny character and helped put my friend 's husband in place because he was being mean to his wife . if only all store staff was as friendly and funny as he was , it 'll make shopping a nice experience every time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not sure which one is better about this place : their excellent service or super comfortable shoes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a nervous first time mom looking for a wonderful , loving and truly caring preschool , this is the school for you ! ! i called ( and visited ) nearly every preschool within a 10 mile radius of our house before finally deciding on trinity as the best fit . my son has been attending one of the 2 3 year old preschool classes for the last few months and he has grown in so many ways we never anticipated ! ! he is like a completely different child ( for the better of course ! ! ) . he absolutely loves going to preschool and asks nearly every morning if he can go to school ! ! makes my mama heart so happy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 18 month old has been going here for over a month now and we are pleased . of course our daughter is sad when we drop her off , but she calm after about 5 minutes ( we 've checked ) and well cared for . i 've never picked her up and she : was crying , had a soiled diaper , or even a rash . none of that . when i pick her up , my daughter is happy as can be and in perfect condition . as far as the staff , 9 times out of 10 it 's the same teacher , but the actually have a different teacher that will help out for a day here and there . everyone has been kind and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great range and friendly customer service is offered at az tactical . phil , the owner , it a great guy and i highly recommend arizona tactical . they offer specialized women classes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a full time realtor in the phoenix metro area . living in arizona since 2004 from new york , it has been full of sunshine . i have been working with both buyers and sellers to get them the best for them . i am trained as an accredited buyer 's representative ( abr\u00ae ) , and as a seller representative specialist ( srs ) designation . i can represent either side of the home purchase with ease and care . in dealing with traditional , short sale , and reo properties you should know that each is handled differently , and it requires someone with experience in the arizona real estate market highs and lows to help you ride the wave to your new home in chandler , gilbert , queen creek or any of the other cities in the valley of the sun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sasha is a knowledgable realtor . her expertise in home value and the area is helpful in selling as well as locating the home of your dreams . i would highly recommend her for all your real estate needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sasha has worked with us from the start of our move over a year ago . we relocated from massachusetts so we communicated for a long time via phone and email . once the search intensified so did sasha 's involvement . she has an incredible ability to really listen to what it is you need and then follow through . once we moved into our new home , sasha did n't walk away . she has provided valuable referral information as to area contractors we needed ( who have all proven to be excellent resources ! ) . sasha is a wonderful professional , personal support and valuable representative for the greater phoenix community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sasha gets to know her clients and their needs . she 's not one to show her clients anything out of their price range . she helped me buy a home while my husband was still in ny , i thought this would be a nightmare but sasha was great at guiding us through the process . she knows the business and is great at what she does . she 's also very involved in the community", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we use to come here for mainly bindery service ( cuts , scoring ) and also a few quick print jobs . i mainly worked with dana , and she is a joy to work with ! they were fast , reliable and always friendly . they knew me by name and how high my standards were . they always met them ! the only reason i do n't visit them anymore is because i moved to the other side of town . i highly recommend dana and the staff here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not recommend doing business with brandon at the gilbert alpha graphics location . he is calling on customers of a former alpha graphics franchisee in chandler and saying they have gone out of business and soliciting their customers . the interesting fact is that the former franchisee is still in business ; but has just changed their name and has become an independent print shop . it 's one thing to compete ; it 's another thing to lie about your competition . the chandler operation is now known as page-per-page and i have been doing business with the hoffman family for well over two years . they are a family owned and operated business . check them out and i guarantee they will meet or exceed your expectations ! joe perez tpi , inc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use alpha graphics on the regular and would recommend them to anyone looking for supreme service , quality digital prints , and a quick turnaround time . i always work with dana at the gilbert location who is consistently friendly , welcoming , and accommodating . my business uses alpha graphics for all of our digital printing projects . as graphic designers it has been a joy to work with people who understand different file formats and good , quality prints . i would recommend alpha graphics to anyone in gilbert looking for a great experience at a smaller , personal , and service-oriented print shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . i have worked with brandon bagley for several years , and we have needed last minute help with print projects many times . these folks always deliver and have always made sure we are happy with our service and deliverables .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have worked with alphagraphics for over 3 years now and are grateful for their service and great customer service . they have helped us with numerous projects including a-frames , posters , advertising campaigns and they never hesitate to help when we have emergency printing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 125 for a 3x6 vinyl banner ! everything i shopped out online was less than half , shipped ! clearly they are looking for assuming customers that know nothing about printing . steer clear !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been doing business with brandon 's team for a few years now and have had several great experiences with his shop . ordering ahead of time is a breeze and the finished product is outstanding . also - if you find yourself in a pinch and need some printed materials fast - they 're good for that too . one last thing - if you 're a business owner that does n't speak `` printing '' ( i.e . bleeds , one-up , and a host of other industry specific terms ) they can explain everything in a way that makes you understand what your finished products will look like and what the art , photo & file requirements are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like to review places i 'm new to ( from chicago and now live in phoenix ) & i had to give this one a shout out . i do n't care about the people who run those booths , b c they all make me laugh so hard , but its a true story that they sell crazy cheap interesting things . i got these rocks that smell like ck one cologne and it makes my closet smell great . ( that guy was funny too ) anyways there bathrooms were cleaner than any flea market i 've been to which are usually porter potty gross and i loved loved this african food they had in their food court . the lady was extra friendly with samples . i 'd go again . think of it like this ... it 's good for those gifts you 'd never find at armani exchange , but wish you woulda gotten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went to the new location in goodyear and it was a huge dissapointment ! ! what junk they were selling in the most dismal displays . the concept of individuals selling their wares is good but not in this uncreative way , it was just sad anyone would find this a fun , uplifting shopping experience ... please this place needs retail therapy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow alternate universe ... . maybe i went on a bad day ( sunday ) most booths where empty..alot the same things.. i did stop at this bling bling bling place.. and got some sparkly things for a dollar and they where super sweet.. elvis impersonator in the the back singing next to hot dog stand while older people danced.. ( maybe worth a stop just to see this ) i thought i was in a seinfeld american horror story episode . but having been to quite a few indoor markets in my day this one was cray cray.. i cant really see going back there for any reason.. i think i need a shower i feel dirty..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its getting so much better , people are friendly , we always end up buying something cause they have such great deals ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought i check it out and found this to be reasonable . i love the socks selection at this one large space , had a large variety . i bought a dragon pen with base very cheap and can not find it anywhere . there are other different merchandise at the edge of knight . located at the back of the store , near the food court . the business is very clean and i am impress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this swapsmart has been opened over 2 yrs . with over 150 vendors offering really good prices on everything under the sun . also , a good food court with many more selections than when lst opened . elvis sings on sundays in the food court , & every 2nd weekend of the months crafters are there selling crafts ... ! two favorite vendors are australia 's best eucalyptus & uncle mac 's honey.. local business that have been in business for years and seem to get a lot of re-peat business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the selection of vendors is poor . a lot of rugs and wedding dresses . this is nothing like the one that was closed near the 17 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decades ago i used to go once a month to englishtown , in nj considered the worlds biggest flea market . trust me it 's huge and it 's great . the same family has owned it for generations . they have their own post office and the streets are named after the ones in manhattan . it 's outdoor and indoor all year long on the weekends , at least back then . this swap meet we stopped at yesterday reminds me in a small way of that place . busy , with a lot of vendors , in fact i do n't think they have vacant booths . that 's a good indicator as well . the variety of merchandise is crazy good , and generally affordable prices , which is the whole idea behind a place like this . there for only twenty mins . but made several purchases , especially for the little ones . you wo n't find a lot of this stuff anywhere else . recommended for frugal shoppers and others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where else can you see wacky jack magic , get a great cup of coffee and meet nice people , its a every sunday trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phone repair inside fixed my 5c screen for 75 ! very happy considering the odd sizzle of the scrizzle . fo shizzle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place about three times now , and it 's always been good . the staff are pretty friendly , even telling us the history of the bar and it 's past as a hotel . they make a mean burger and their saturday prime rib is pretty darn good given the price . the marinated steak however is more like dried out chuck roast . i wo n't be getting that again . overall though , it 's a place i will enjoy going to again . it 's earned it 's atmosphere , and after 87 years , it 's earned it 's spot as a landmark . p.s . one more thing , we found out that if you want the prime rib on saturdays , you 'd better get there early , or call ahead and reserve your cut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of the grant bar . it 's wonderfully old school and authentic , visiting there is like stepping back 50 years in time . i highly recommend their pork chops . their coconut cream pie is a specialty that will be featured in the upcoming national pie show by the very talented rick sebak of wqed . it is light as a feather , flavorful , and everything a great coconut cream pie should be . this place is authentic pittsburgh , nothing fancy , but reasonably priced and a real slice of restaurant history . the bar part is in the front , but the dining rooms are in the back and the atmosphere is like hunting lodge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in with my mother for a quick lunch , i had the cheeseburger . the burger was absolutely phenomenal . on par with a tessaro burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go-to sushi place , not just because it 's close to my place , but because it 's actually good quality , authentic and japanese owned . i 've been there several of times and the service has always been exceptional . from what i can tell it 's run by a couple ; one serves while the other preparing the order . they are always attentive and polite even when business picks up and orders pile on . the sushi rice is always perfect ; not too sticky and just the right temperature . the fillings are always proportionate and fresh . their sashimi plate is delicious and well priced too . it is overall an excellent price for the value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aka fuji est le meilleur restaurant japonais \u00e0 verdun . petit , intime , il offre une ambiance parfaite pour un souper en t\u00eate \u00e0 t\u00eate . l'endroit est relativement tranquille et agr\u00e9able \u00e0 fr\u00e9quenter . le service est impeccable , assez rapide , et le personnel , attentif . \u00e9videmment , leurs sushis sont excellents ! le poisson semble tr\u00e8s frais . j'ai bien aim\u00e9 leurs soupes . je n'ai pas encore tout essay\u00e9 , mais je suis convaincue que tout ce qui fait partie du menu doit \u00eatre tout simplement all\u00e9chant . le prix est un peu plus cher que dans les autres restos o\u00f9 l'on vend des sushis dans les environs , mais avec raison : chez aka fuji , on y sert les meilleurs sushis de verdun ( et des environs , j'oserais dire ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is certainly four stars , especially for sud-ouest mtl . and the service seems quite attentive . but , the restaurant is very small and they are understaffed for peak times . so go early or on off days . note : no take out after 6pm on weekends . see my comment above about being understaffed . i uploaded the menu to make phone ordering easier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great value , best sushi in verdun and for the price best value in mtl . went 3 times and each time was aaa quality . if you takeout the combo sushi the cheapest one is so affordable around 35 $ for 2 , though comes with a large % of goberge sushis but still overall quality and confection is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another jewel on wellington street , aka-fuji is tiny japanese restaurant that can hardly accommodate up to 30 people . one of the reasons the service feels so personal and attentive . the place is decorated with numerous views of mount fuji and quiet japanese music flows in the background . the menu is pure joy for sushi lovers and has extensive choices , including vegetarian options . every sushi roll was absolutely delicious , the best is there were no overwhelming tastes and spices , the sushi just tastes natural and fresh . the choice of spirits is limited to beer , house wine and sake . nice touch was to be offered to choose your own sake cup from a little basket .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in verdun and love sushi ! the restaurant is small and narrow though nicely decorated with soft ambient music playing in the background . the japanese couple behind the counter are super nice and friendly and the food is fresh and moderately priced ! we usually order for take-away and have never been disappointed . the portions are generous and if you like eel ( even if the thought of it makes you wince ) try the nigiri version - delicious ! we are so happy that there is such a remarkable sushi spot so close to us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an excellent japanese restaurant , with not only sushis ! it 's a very quiet and zen place , and the owners are polite and quite serviceable ! one of my friends , whom speaks japanese , started a conversation with them in their language , and it was just awesome seeing them exchange for close to 15 minutes like that ! it 's a small restaurant , but you can be as big a group as 12 in there . one of the best place in my part of town for japanese food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having moved from vancouver , we 've often been disappointed at the asian food here . this was not one of those places . the sushi here is well priced , and excellently made . other than the elusive karaage , which does not seem to exist in its real form anywhere in this city due to what restaurant owners attribute to `` local taste '' , everything else is quite authentic as well . authenticity aside , we really like the taste , and at the end of the day , thats probably more important ( unless you 're one of those people ... ; - ) this happened at a taiwanese places as well where we tried to order salt and pepper chicken ... haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really very good by montreal standards , good even by vancouver standards . pricing is a bit peculiar , some things are crazy expensive and others seem under priced . it has become my go-to sushi place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware food poisoning ! ordered from here last night . waited an hour for the sushi . my girlfriend and i ate it and it was good at the time . woke up this morning feeling awful ! sick to our stomachs . stay away . their service is crap as well . the guy making the sushi was really rude to me when i questioned having to wait an hour when he only had a table of 5 in house . do n't do it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the couple that work here . they work really hard and their sushi is amazing . i generally do n't eat in here , i usually order the take out . the quality of the fish is amazing and they usually take the freshness of the fish seriously . i would not go their with your children , there are no high chairs , and its a pretty small place . its quiet and quaint ! i love their handrolls ! as well , it is decently priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cozy restaurant . nice service , but make sure you tip . try wellington rolls !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le sushis frais et gouteux , l'essentiel quoi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to order over the phone and asked for suggestions but the owner did n't know is menu . the website is really bad and we ca n't see the choices of sushi . asked for sushi for two person and the owner told me that i took too much of is time and decided that he will not take my order ! ? ! what is this the soup man in seinfeld ? ? and to put the icing of the cake , the guys hung up on me ... ... . suggestion for the restaurant : if you do n't want to close like a lot of restaurants in mtl give better customer service ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tres bon sushi a verdun . decor simple mais joli . intime . service impeccable . prix tres abordable . poisson tres frais .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice , cosy small restaurant , good and fresh sushi ... and not even expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! talk about teamwork ! they have a well oiled machine here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so these guys were meant to finish putting my tires on in 45 minutes , yeah ? thus my hiatus to culver 's , yeah ? hoping that on my return in 45 minutes , my car would have two brand new 255 95r18 's on as they quoted , yeah ? it did n't quite happen that way ! i strolled back from culver 's ready to drive off ... .but the numbers on my invoice were not the ones i paid for ... they put on some tires that cost 90 bucks each , when i paid for 280 each for two ! not sure why they did this ... .were they hoping that i would drive off not realizing since i 'm female ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are very fast and friendly at this location . they try their hardest to get people in and out as fast as they can . every time you have a small problem they try to get you fixed up and out the door", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've purchased tires from discount tire before ... we 've purchased tires from this location before . on the plus side : - this location took care of the tire that needed repair . - the rep suggested that i leave the spare ( a full-size tire - not a donut ) where it was and , for 'safety reasons ' , use the repaired tire where a badly worn was . after agreeing to the rep 's suggestion , the badly worn tire was to go back in the trunk . but i would have thought that it would have been placed back properly - in the compartment with the cover placed over it . instead , they just put the worn tire into the aaa bag the flat tire was in and just threw it into the trunk ! wow , really ? ? ? sorry , you did n't convince me to purchase two brand new tires the day of my visit but service is service ! after this experience , we probably wo n't shop here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to get my tires checked as the air pressure gage was on . it was about 3 in the afternoon and i was told i could wait for about an hour and a half if i wanted to and they 'd check it out . the guy was super helpful and said if i came in the morning at 7:45 they could get me in quick . so i came back the next morning . i was worried at first as there were four other people waiting outside the door . however , they got me checked in quickly . i was told 45-60 min but they had the screw out of the tire and patched up in 30 minutes . clean store , friendly staff , and no sales pressure . i was told i should think about getting new tires as the treads were pretty bare . he gave me the list of different options and said they 'd love to help when i was ready to change them out . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here over an hour and still have n't seen my car being worked . i called ahead and was told they were n't busy and that a tire balance was $ 40 . turns out neither was true . $ 64 later i 'm sitting here feeling like i 'm at the dmv . do n't come here unless you have a lot of time and money to burn ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're in a hurry , prob not the best local to chose . only four bays . but very nice , and very professional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service here is terrible ! plan on waiting in line even if you have an appointment . they need atleast 2 more counter people ... bought 4 goodyear tires for my truck . happy with the tires and the warranty they provide . just plan on standing in line and waiting for ever . your best bet is to drop your car off and come get it in the evening . however even doing that you 'll be stuck in line for an hour .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is phenomenal ! tony is professional , nice , and knowledgeable . ralph just joined from another store on happy valley and is a great addition to an already great team . they give you the best price and quickest service ! i also love that they will do what they can without charging you ! ! ! great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good . made an appointment and as i walked in it was super busy . the tires i ordered were here and they got me right in . it 's clean inside , ac works and they have a bathroom . just down the way is culvers and a circle k. they have free water ... i think that is good for at least 1 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are fantastic ! we had a blowout on the free way . after putting in the little spare tire , we made our way to this shop . we made it there at 6:04 and they close at 6 . they guy came out and checked out the car and noticed that the other front tire was also damaged . they decided to let us in and they helped us out which meant a lot to us because we needed the car the next morning to get to work . i really appreciate their help and they 're gained a customer for life ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best , most honest tire shop in surprise . they have helped me out a lot over the last 3 years . they fixed my tire for free when it had a nail in it . everybody that works there is very knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! tom and the guys are awesome . needed a new tire , dropped off the car - i had 4 returned calls about the status . price was reasonable- but i 'm to the point in life if i get exceptional service i 'm sold . this discount tire is indeed as good as it gets ! mike", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , knowledgable and quick as they can be considering there are pretty busy . call ahead for wait times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i should have written this review along time ago since these guys have been great to me every time i visit them . when i bought a set of tires for my truck , they worked with me on the price and worked in a promotional gift card . when i have had a flat , they fix it for free . when i only needed one tire replaced ( it had 4 patches from nail punctures ) they sold me one tire ... exactly what i wanted . on one occasion they went out of their way once to find me a replacement chrome lug nut for my chrysler 300 ( not an easy or cheap item to come by ) that someone had stolen and they gave it to me free . these guys are one of the best tire companies i have ever dealt with . they are friendly , fair and knowledgeable . they do n't try to pressure sell you at all . today i got a free tire rotation and was in and out in less than 15 minutes . i highly recommend you check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always been a fan of discount tire , and this store is just as good as the rest of them . everyone here is so friendly and helpful . we always get great service . we wo n't bring our vehicles anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i returned to discount tires a week ago and purchased four 22 '' michelin tires for my suv . ben & tom still run an outstanding shop . they and their staff provided courteous top notch service and excellent pricing on the tires . my tires were installed quickly and i was back on the on the road to colorado in no time . i wish every shop i traded with performed as well as these folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in and out of there really really quick all i was in for was an air check on my tires because of my sister said it was low and they filled up the one tire that was low and said if i had an issue to come back and they would take care of it really quick service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the 3rd time i have been to discount tires . 2 times for new tires and today for a rotation and to fix a leak in a tire purchased this fall . each time i have been there all of the employees are so polite and professional . my only complaint is that i scheduled my appointment online and still had to wait an hour . i understand today was a busy day , but i believe that if you take time to schedule an appointment , you should be put in front of walk-ins . besides that , i will continue to go to the surprise location because they have always been polite , respectful , and professional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very happy with my recent stop there . roadside assistance came out and changed my tire , and put my spare on . i dropped my tire off , that had a nail in it . the store was very busy , but they had a lot of people working . it was on a saturday , after christmas , so , it was expected . when i came back to pick it up , they even asked me if i would like them to put it on . they put it on for me , then told me i was all set . when i told them i had n't paid for it yet , they told me repairs were free . score ! ! i will definitely be back , for my tire needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kristi is the best ! inexpensive , but incredibly good quality work . kristi has been doing my hair for years and i drive from los angeles to get my hair done by her every few months . i know it sounds crazy , but i do n't want to trust my hair to anyone else . she does a great job and makes my highlights look very natural and she does them in a way to make them last between appointments without looking awful . she 's fun , talented , really listens to what you want , but also offers her professional advice . ca n't compliment her enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here three times . the first time i had a haircut by michelle- it was ok . it was definitely $ 12.99 worth . the second time christy did my color and cut- phenomenal . she is very precise and takes her time . i went back a third time and christy was on vacation so i had michelle do it . she was actually making rude remarks to another female employee when i walked in . she was completely in another world when she did my color , and messed up so bad . she did n't even want to blow dry my hair . she made repeated comments about the other female employee she did n't like and it was just uncomfortable ! and she also commented on who had given her bad and good tips lately . needless to say i will never be back . i met the owners and a few other of the stylist and they seem very professional and their work seemed good . do n't write this place off completely just because of one bad seed . just make sure michelle does n't do your hair !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and no one knows how to cut side bangs properly . is n't that hair cutting 101 ? will never come back . nice people , but not the very knowledgable when it comes to hair cuts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i walked in and was assigned to cynthia . after what i told her what i wanted she gave me a cut . it was quick but she did what i requested . all dead ends off ! in and out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ray was awesome ! he was so quick at jayce 's comb over & cut it exactly the way i wanted ! i would definitely recommend him for anyone in the sw area ! not busy on a tuesday afternoon & the salon was super clean and tidy ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times everyone is very friendly and helpful as soon as i walked in i was immediately greeted with a warm welcome . the sales associates were very knowledgeable and very helpful answering my questions that i was concerned about . i will definitely be returning this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dustin was very nice and put my windshield wipers on and put my oil in my car for me . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called for parts i needed around 12:00pm and they said they did n't have the part but they can get it delivered to there location and they said they will have it in there store at 530pm , went to go pick up my part and they said it did n't come in yet and to come back at 610 so i came back at 620 and they said i did n't order any parts . thanks for wasting my time and gas going back and forth . oh yea very rude customer service had me waiting for 20 minutes when there was no customers in the store and being rude saying i did n't order no parts when i called @ 12 and told me the parts will arrive at 530 very disrespectful with attitude", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stumbled on this little gem on the danforth . cozy & clean with a friendly staff that spoke english . big bright windows and the free wifi was a bonus ! got a free coffee on my way out the door ... it had a `` cheers '' - where everyone knows your name '' kind of feeling . i 'll be repeating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited toronto last week and came across this new place ! got my nails done and scored some free coffee too ! the workers were super friendly and the salon is very clean and sleek ! would n't hesitate to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just awesome . another bubble tea place close to home ! the prices at sharetea are comparable to chatime , but you get to skip the unnecessary line up . i tried their hokkaido milk tea , and it was just perfect - the milk tea is sweetened with brown sugar , and the richness of the drink makes it easy to just down the whole thing within minutes . i 've also tried okinawa milk tea , which is not as sweet but still full of flavour . you have the option of mixing tapioca ( mini or normal ) in any of your drinks . service is super fast - there 's seating inside if you want to dine in , but most people were getting take out . remember to get their stamp card because i 'm certainly going to be using that a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . great drinks . and one of the best bubble tea uptown . the only problem is the location . it 's very hard to find if it 's your first time going there . it 's very underrated . it 's just as good as chatime but slightly better . i wish this place can get more fame but i guess a lot of people just do n't know about how good this place is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude staff , insulting people and a place that ca n't make a drink properly . wo n't be coming back to this place , very limited selection of bubble tea and when i asked to make my drink , they forgot 1 2 the ingredients - take a pass on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came again ! ! ! it has been more difficult to walk all the way from the subway station to share tea cause its getting cold . but their creama is worthy ! ! ! i had their olong creama this time i have like its the best tea for creama so far . however if u r sensitive to caffeine please dont try oolong tea because its so strong it will keep u away for awhile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first they did n't want to give us the buy one get one free after 45 minutes of line up . they then did n't accept debit under 10 $ ! ! ! we asked for an exception but they said definitely no ! and made our visit a terrible experience ! never going back there ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best milk tea around here . high recommend the black sugar milk tea . flavor is dense if you like that . will come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a late weeknight and wanted to avoid caffeine , so ordered the strawberry ice blended with lychee de coco . ick , the strawberry ice tasted fake in a very unappetizing way . almost like eating strawberry bonne bell lip gloss out of those little waxy tubs . it did n't help that there was no milk in it to at least make it creamy . though there was a small scoop of vanilla ice cream on top ( i think i paid for this separately , at an extra $ 0.50 ) it was still quite unenjoyable . my partner got the mango fruit tea and was equally disappointed with his drink , as he said it tasted super artificial . sadness .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i always added their small pearls , but recently , their small pearls sticked together , a big chunk of them , i was n't able to separate them : s i will stop adding small pearls , i was quite disappointed ... i hope whoever prepared drinks , would double check their bubbles before scooping them . after trying few more time of their classic milk tea , it was good but prefer other tea shop outside on yonge : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rude stuff , long wait . after ordering i was told no card under $ 10 . my order was close to that amount . so i told the the cashier i am going to get cash and come back . after i came back with cash 5 min later , i had to stand in line again as my order was never put in ! the tea itself was okie , nothing spectacular . i guess if the stuff themselves did n't think it was worth coming back for , it is probably not !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would give 2.5 star . ordered hokkaido milk tea and was told i can only get 80 % sugar instead of the 50 % i wanted so then that made me think this is not a in house brewed tea but rather a prepared powder or syrup . my hubby also got the green mild tea and again nothing special .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's another bubble tea place ... in an area filled with bubble tea places but since it 's the closest to home , i 've been here a few times . the drinks are good - just like cha time . service could be better . i waited over 10 minutes and there was only one customer ahead of me . by the 15 minute mark , i left . sorry i 'm bothering your leisure time checking your phone and chatting with people . rude . i would n't recommend . like i said there are plenty of bubble tea places nearby ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the cocoa creama and the taro ! ! ! so good . the teas here are delicious service is great and love the location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty small location ( smaller than chatime dundas can you believe it ) - there 's only enough seating for 6 people inside . the prices are comparable to chatime , but the menu is slightly more limited . i tried the classic milk black tea , the black tea with fresh milk , ice blended mango with ice cream , and the lychee tea with kiwi and ice jelly . the fresh milk was fantastic - the natural sweetness of the milk really came through . the sweetness was pretty apparent especially when compared to the classic milk tea . however , the real stars are the kiwi and ice cream toppings - magic ! ! i 'm coming back for these and these only . the kiwi was slightly sour and super refreshing , while the ice cream lent another level of creaminess to the drink . a+++++", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the wintermelon creama the other day and it sucked . maybe it 's because i saw how it was being made . the utensil that was used in the process was n't washed properly . i saw the worker take that shit from the sink and just ran water over it for 5 seconds . that shit is nasty . took a sip and didnt like it . it taste weird unlike gong cha 's . i can really tell the difference between this place and gong cha and even cha time . not so great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty chill place . service is a lot better than chatime that 's for sure . do n't have to wait in those rediculously long lines for the same if not better drink . prices are the same as chatime minus the wait which is the big plus . you can also bring in food from the other restaurants in the same plaza . they all have the same agrreement with each other . so you can eat sushi bong or persian sandwiches while waiting for your tea . or vice versa . another plus over chatime is that their stamp cards let you get whatever on the menu at whatever size . so your not limited to just a small original or whatever . i recommend the original milk tea black with normal sugar no ice and large tapiocas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . it was extremely fast to have our drinks served . claire was friendly , helpful and polite . she should get a raise . i definitely recommend this over other bubble tea shops around the area . definitely one of the top tea shops in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely slow and unprofessional . i live nearby and gradually realized how often this situation happens and it 's becoming a norm for this place . called ahead for take out , arrived 15mins later as instructed and found they have n't even started with my order yet . the next customer in line actually got her order ahead of me . i asked the staff for an explanation and the staffs are very impatient . she kept saying how busy they were and they have to serve whoever comes to the store first . i understand that but if you ca n't make it in time just do n't say you can make it in 10 to 15mins on the phone . this situation did not happen just once . i wish there were zero star as an option here . northtown way\u7684\u6b47\u811a\u4ead\u662f\u6211\u53bb\u8fc7\u4e1c\u897f\u505a\u5f97\u6700\u6162\u670d\u52a1\u6700\u4e0d\u4e13\u4e1a\u7684\u5976\u8336\u5e97\u3002\u6bcf\u6b21\u53bb\u7b49\u8d85\u7ea7\u4e45\u4e0d\u8bf4\uff0c\u6001\u5ea6\u8fd8\u65e0\u6bd4\u7684\u5dee\u3002\u7535\u8bdd\u91cc\u6bcf\u6b21\u90fd\u8bf410\u523015mins\u80fd\u505a\u597d\u7684\u5355\uff0c15mins\u5230\u4e86\u540e\u53d1\u73b0\u8fd8\u6ca1\u505a\uff0c\u540e\u5230\u7684\u987e\u5ba2\u7684\u5355\u53cd\u800c\u5148\u505a\u597d\u3002\u5458\u5de5\u7684\u89e3\u91ca\u662f\uff0c\u4ed6\u4eec\u5f88\u5fd9\uff0c\u5e97\u91cc\u7684\u5ba2\u4eba\u662f\u4f18\u5148\u88ab\u670d\u52a1\u7684\u3002\u6211\u80fd\u591f\u7406\u89e3\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u5982\u679c\u6ca1\u529e\u6cd5\u572815mins\u5185\u505a\u597d\uff0c\u90a3\u5c31\u4e0d\u8981\u5728\u7535\u8bdd\u91cc\u8bb210\u523015mins\u5185\u53ef\u4ee5\u6765\u62ff\u3002\u8fd9\u6837\u5f88\u803d\u8bef\u5927\u5bb6\u7684\u65f6\u95f4\u4e5f\u4f1a\u5f88\u5f71\u54cd\u5fc3\u60c5\u3002\u8fd9\u6837\u7684\u72b6\u51b5\u5df2\u7ecf\u53d1\u751f\u4e86\u5f88\u591a\u6b21\u4e86\u3002\u80fd\u4e0d\u80fd\u7ed9\u96f6\u9897\u661f\uff1f", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is great , drinks are delicious bought taro milk tea and herb jello milk tea ! ! 'n", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place for bubble tea ! the herbal jelly milk tea is excellent ! definitely recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oolong cream bubble tea is so creamy i like it . first time to go to the sheartea ordered oolong creama large less ice with 50 % sugar . maybe i try it next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place , share tea is one of my favorite place for boba ... .. i usual just order the oolong tea with creama.super delicious and fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its my 10+ times enjoying here\uff0chaving tried several products\uff0creally taste good\uff01love it\uff01", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is minimal . staff seems very impatient with you and rude . so many other sharetea locations . yes their drinks are good but this locations service is bleh ( staff seems impatient and rude on occa and there is minimal seating . down from 5 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "open christmas day ... score ! tried the herb jelly fresh milk ... that was alright . hubby got the classic milk tea and that was the bomb -- a must try . will definitely come back next time i 'm in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ! ordered oreo blended milk tea , classic pearl and a hot herbal jelly logan ? brother loved his oreo blend but likely half sweet next time . husband 's classic pearl , too much milk for my preference but nothing special . the winter special , hot herbal jelly was actually quite good ! it 's thick ! more like a layered dessert and requires some mixing . i had to use a longer spoon to mix it properly . will likely go back to try a couple more flavours only if i 'm nearby . for now and for me , still chatime to satisfy the bubble tea crave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really liked the handmade taro milk tea . it was probably the best taro milk tea i ever had . i plan to go back shortly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved their creamu beverages ! must try the mango green tea flavor as well as oolong flavor~ it 's really good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i go to sharetea ( northtown way location ) every week . servers were very friendly and patient . the drinks at this location are one of the best comparing to other sharetea in the gta location . i would recommend their kiwi fruit tea with ice jelly for the fruit tea . if you like milk tea , i would recommend there classic milk tea , brown rice milk tea , and honey olong milk tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here because of a friend and great reviews for handmade fresh taro milk that it 's good here . well i ordered a large no sugar with aloe vera gel . it tasted ok st first when got midway its all iced and watered down ... would n't got back here the place is so small and long lines", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't decide if i like sharetea more or chatime . either way they are both good . but less of a lineup here so why not sharetea ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u6b47\u8173\u4ead black tea creama with mini pearls , \u7ea2\u8336\u5976\u76d6", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to be a regular at this location . lucky id you are able to find parking in the mess that is the roundabout . drink wise i usually stick with the mango slush and ice cream and tapioca . consistency issues as it always tastes different everytime . also seems that all the staff are new and generally very rude and unhappy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as soon as i walked it the workers were extremely helpful and friendly . the atmosphere was light and relaxing perfect to drink bubble tea . moreover , the place was extremely clean . the service was quick . there were many options to customise the bubble tea to your preference . in addition they gave ample amounts of tapioca . their hours are flexible and they 're open during the day and late at night . the location is easily accessible and there is parking . it was extremely affordable and i would definitely come here again . you can see that they prioritise quality because it is 100 % delicious . recommended for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good : their bubble tea is super delicious . i tried the mango creama . just the right amount of sweetness with real mango . you can also ask for the amount of ice and sweetness to your liking . the tapioca here is always consistently great and chewy . the bad : parking is hard to find in the area . overall : this place definitely has unique selections .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drinks are great , and with a wider variety of quality flavours and ingredients than other bubble tea places . service can be a little rude sometimes though . nothing big , just not particularly friendly : ) i recommend the kiwi drink with ice jelly : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slurp slurp slurp ! yup , that 's the sound of me sipping bubble tea ! the original bubble is decent ( $ 4.10 for a medium ) . the original is better than chatime in my mind ! the sugar level is customizable , which is a huge bonus ! toppings are $ 0.50 each including pearls , mini pearls , lychee jelly , pudding , ice jelly , red bean , herb jelly , aloe vera and ice cream . yes , ice cream is a topping option . woot woot ! : ) look forward to having that in my bubble tea in the summer time ! unfortunately , hokkaido milk tea ( hokkaido milk with a distinctive toffee caramel flavour ) and okinawa milk tea ( roasted milk tea with a hint of coffee ) are powder based . i applause sharetea for their honesty . when i requested for 30 % sugar , the staff said the taste will be diluted , as both the flavours and sugar levels are dependent by the concentration of powder . however , it is still somewhat disappointing to learn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a hidden gem ~ one of the best bbt in toronto . great tea , strong in tea flavor . and i like the fact that they offer fresh milk tea , which taste much better than regular milk powder ! i 've also tried their tropical passion tea . they put a piece of sour plum in it , which makes the drink taste really good ! ! tapioca wise , nice texture , chewy and sweet ! the line up is acceptable , not like cha-time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very good selection of drinks to choose from . high quality and consistent . friendly service . wish they could open a few more shops in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come to this location every night after work . but when there are more than a half dozen cars in line and you have an employee taking a smoke break , and then another one coming out and acting ratchet , yelling and cussing . i 'll never return to this location again . these are some of the rudest , ignorant , and unprofessional people i 've ever seen ( that 's saying a lot , this is fast food ) . this is one of those times that the corporate office needs to get involved and fix this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service you receive at this location is horrid . the staff is so rude and unwelcoming that you ca n't help but to never step foot at this location . we ordered food through the drive through and they rudely requested that we pull in front of the building so they can bring it to us . the woman that was working at the drive though seemed like she did n't enjoy her job and was taking out the frustrations on the customers . i really do n't think that they understand that the only reason they are up and running is because of customers . at this economy i really wish that people were appreciative to have a job . these employees really need training or to be replaced with friendlier individuals . regardless of that , the food is delicious .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so here we are again and the people are more dryer then the last people . i was hoping we would have a better experience since it 's not the weekend but it 's clear to say everyone there has an attitude . i could n't even get a thank you . then she was handed back my card and i was n't looking so she just stood there staring at me . smh just sad ! you ca n't speak ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're thinking of taking advantage of the 24 hour deadline on fridays and saturdays for this location , do n't . i 've literally walked over here ( i live nearby ) and when it becomes late night , their `` computers are always down . '' it 's obviously a half-baked excuse they use to implement to just hang out . and when you do show up and order , they treat you like a burden . the food is absolutely delicious , especially when you 're craving a burger , but it 's corporate chain , so the recipe is probably hardly difficult to mess up . trust me , you 're better off ordering from your closest mcdonald 's . not as good food is better than absolutely no food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like jack . i am really do n't like this location . while the place the smallest i 've ever seen , for any fast food restaurant . there is no parking . there is like 8 spaces and i 'm sure the workers use most . there is only one way to get into the place and it 's not very safe or easy . hope jack is reading this because there are many other places that could use his food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is really not good . this franchise is usually very good all the time . the turn over lately has me kind of upset the people that show great customer service are no longer there . aside from the manager and other lady there and maybe one cook and morning people , everyone is new and learning . but after hours saturday 's and weekends is downright scary . especially on christmas eve when we stopped in to the drive they just for 2 drinks and maybe some fries ( were our thoughts ) our answer after the pleasant recorded message was simply ( what my wife referred to as ) extremely rude and to quote `` we 're closed '' this was at 9:20pm . rode around a person sleeping against the wall by the front door in the chair and the person who answered hiding after what they just said . last time this happened the night crew went bye bye . as i next call the corporate number hopefully a restructure will happen on the weekend nights .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place and i love everything you have on the menu.. its fast food so if idiot like irida n. would write some thing about customer service is so crazy insane . maybe the staff is rude to you irida n. is because you plain morally insane . irida n. grow a soul have some peace if not invent a robot that can serve you only . you are like an ugly troll of yelp that constantly complain about every little thing . nobody listen to your crap on real life so you go on yelp and write this crap . unless you can work better than dont write about stuff that beyond your control . be part of the solution and not another compain troll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guess jitb is afraid of what people will say of the one they have on west blvd . went to the one on west blvd about a week ago , have not been in about 6 or 8 months , see thing never change , gangsta wannabes hanging out in dining area , management seems not to care , or are they intimadated by the gwb 's food was cold and greasy ... ..this time i will stay away ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i miss the ciabatta bun burger that had that awesome sauce . please bring it back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ever since i moved back to this side of town i 've been having moments of `` i forgot this was even here ! '' enter : jack in the box . for some of us , dinnertime is at like 10:30 . and then second dinner at like 3 am . there are a couple of other 24-hour or late night fast food places around , but jack is just so good and diverse . i mean , where else can you get a double cheeseburger , tacos , egg rolls , and a lava cake all at the same place ? and dirt cheap and 24 hours ? do n't even get me started on the milkshakes . sigh . i knew this would be dangerous . one great thing is that you can read your order the way they ring it in on the screen , so you can make sure it 's right . so all you people who like to leave off the tomatoes and get crushed ice instead of cubed and 3 honey mustards instead of 2 can be sure they heard you . noms at night grade : a+ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service , we were in line for literally more than 25 minutes , ( 2 cars in front of us ) seriously what 's taking so long , by the time we tried to order the person said hold on and i can hear her laughing and chatting in the background , so we just decided to leave and we heard she made a rude comment . we called the manager she said she was going to call back never heard from her again . we will never return to this location , who knows what they do to the food if they 're so disrespectful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "burgers were n't bad . the fat cow behind the drive thru window had such a nasty attitude . shoved money in my hand , when food came she handed it and said `` here u go '' . closed the window and turned her back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buying out of my lease 6 months early . used to be pretty decent here but now they rent to anyone and the place is crawling with roaches . do not move here ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently had my backyard and pool refurbished . we had the plaster , tile , water fall built , walls stucco , equipment updated , landscaping , lighting , and tons of stacked stone installed . my backyard went from plain jane to amazing . john came out to my residence and was very professional . jerry snow was the person in charge of my project . jerry took care of every little detail and issue we had during our remodel . it was awesome to call or text jerry , and if he did not answer right away he always called or texted back within the hour . the sub contractors are the best i 've seen . they always were at my house in morning eagerly working on my project to get it done . it was awesome to come home from work to see all the new progress being made . i can tell you from my other homes , i have had remodels and even new construction done for my pool , this company hands down is the best in the valley ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used vintage pools to build a pool , hot tub , fire pit and raised platform . they listened to our ideas and helped us design exactly what we were looking for . when we noticed a few mistakes they were quick to correct them . we have received so many compliments on our backyard . if you are planning to build a pool i would definitely talk with them first ! they have a great website with pictures of their pools if you need some inspiration . we decided on a modern design and we were very happy with the end result . gary and hank were a pleasure to work with . do yourself a favor and give them a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my pool is amazing ! it is really a piece of art and the focal of my backyard . vintage pools created exactly what i wanted . at first i was going to subcontract everyone to save money , until i met with hank . the security of having someone knowledgeable just take care of everything is worth every penny . his foreman jerry was there every step of the way . i had a million questions and they never made me feel like i was bothering them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vintage pools is absolutely incredible ! fantastic , patient , professional and very courteous staff from the beginning until the end of the pool building process . they were so patient in creating a design that fit our needs and wants while trying to stay within our budgeted range . now we have a beautiful pool that our family can enjoy ! thank you hank , jerry and the staff at vintage for your fantastic work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great store and great staff ! they sell all the shoes , clothes , and running gear you could want , but most importantly , they host the adventure run every month , and in the hot summer , one of the checkpoints is always big surf where you get the opportunity to take off your shoes and socks and your electronics and go down one of the big waterslides . got ta say , when it 's over 100 degrees , there 's nothing like getting soaking wet and running . plus after the run you get to drink a few beers and try to win prizes in the raffle . if you 're a runner you definitely need to check this place out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have any type of foot ailments from running , you need to come by and check out road runner sports . road runner sports sells shoes custom fit for their consumers . information is entered into the database , and they see you run for pronation or other quirks in the way people run . the coolest part is your stand on some foamy substance and they measure the arches of your feet . they found out that i have extremely high arches , and this causes more pain to knees and other parts of my leg . i spent about 1.5 hours at road runners , but i am glad i did . i do n't have any lingering issues when i run now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to road runner to buy a gift card for my boss . this store carries everything a crazy runner could want . there is a wide variety of clothing , shoes and all sorts of accessories for running . the service was fast and friendly and since i had some extra time i walked around the store . i thought it was pretty cool that you could try on a pair of shoes and run with them on a treadmill before you buy them . or you could run barefoot and they look at your pressure points to see how your foot hits , then recommend the right kind of shoe for you . pretty neat . if i ran i would probably appreciate this even more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing . i 've had great service here in the past and at every other road runner . in the store for almost 10 minutes on a slow tuesday afternoon without being greeted or offered assistance . after watching several employees walk in and out of the back ( not working with a customer ) , i finally stood in front of the door to stop someone . worst service ever at any road runner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were in there for about an hour before we just left everything at the counter and took off . too many other shoe stores to be standing around waiting for an associate that i was assigned to while she helps other people and everyone on the list behind me gets helped instantly . guess i 'll re-up my footlocker vip card !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience at a running store ever . i have been going to road runner for nearly twenty years now and have never experienced such poor customer service . every time i enter the tempe location i am bombarded by associates asking if i am a vip . my record so far is five associates asking if i am vip ... i have been for years . stop asking . on my last visit i went to check out and was asked if i wanted to donate to charity . i said `` no thank you not today . '' the lady asked me if i was sure and i said yes . she then proceeded to say `` not even twenty cents ? '' i could't believe it . she made a simple transaction so awkward i will never be going back . can you say irun ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "susan g komen 3 day for the cure 60 mile walk = better shoes than what i got on sale at `` who knows where '' shoe store . just the thought of walking 20 miles a day makes my feet scream . i wanted shoes that actually fit correctly and socks that will wick moisture . saturday is a busy day at road runner but they had a load of employees running the show . i had to wait about 25 minutes to get on the treadmill and start the process . chris was very informative and pleasant . other employees were very attentive while i waited . once i started the fitting process , it went like a well oiled machine . everyone was very friendly and i noticed employees were helping each other and cleaning up the shoe boxes and socks as they did their other responsibilities . i never thought buying shoes could be such a pleasurable experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "feeling annoyed . the service is good , but all i wanted was a simple pair of shoes . i only run a couples miles a day , not marathons . first they sold me a shoe 2 sizes to big , i gave the shoes a shot and the oversize bugged the crap out of me . i took them back as i got the vip program . i ordered a size smaller , and i just got my shoes today in the mail . they were the wrong size ( width ) . the only reason i went here was because i was hoping to get some basic expertise , but instead they were constantly trying to upset me on stuff i did n't need or want and i could n't get a some running shoes . i will not be a customer of theirs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here to get new insoles ( insouls for those in the know ) and new running shoes . i 'm normally a cheap bastard but it 's worth it to come in and get them and quality running shoes that will fit your needs . i was helped by naithan scott who was very knowledgeable and went above and beyond to help us . hurry there so he can help you before he becomes an olympian ! wonderful , wonderful service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charged my card automatically w membership fee even though i declined the membership and i returned my only pair of shoes with them . looking them up on the internet apparently this company is notorious for `` accidentally '' charging everyone that membership fee that even uses their card at their stores .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while there are more items for sale at road runner sports and the store is bigger than sole sports , i prefer sole sports for any running needs . while the employees here are friendly , they can be pushy about getting you to sign up for their membership or to be on their advertisement list . they 're more relaxed at sole sports , and i feel like you get more personalized , expert advice there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . it could have been a lot better . way too many sale associates for the amount of employees doing custom fittings . many store associates just walking around instead of helping other consumers in the store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the one and only time i shopped at roadrunner i was convinced to sign up for their vip scam . i informed them at the time i purchased it i did not want it to renew . the next year i found a charge on my credit card as they renewed it despite me specifically requesting it not be renewed and the cashier confirming that she had entered it as such . i called and requested that the charge be removed . they told me it would be and never was . i ended up having to dispute the charge with my credit card company to get it removed . so imagine my anger when i opened my mail yesterday to find a letter informing me they would again be charging me . 3 years this has gone on . it 's ridiculous . i was on hold music for over an hour trying to call the number you have to call to cancel and still have n't gotten through . do not do business with these scam artists ! ! ! ! go to runners den or sole sports or literally anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband i went in today to find some new shoes . kyle helped us and was fantastic . my husband is an experienced runner and i am just starting out . kyle was great at making us both happy and educated . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service . since i 've taken running more seriously , i 've been more serious about the shoes and feet . i come here for the insoles and their very helpful and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first and only experience here was a great one ! joseph and jon both seemed more than happy to help me find a good pair of running shoes . jon sent me through a short foot analysis process and then joseph found some shoes that would accommodate my feet and were within my price range . i 'm finally excited to start running again ! thank you road runner sports !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with road runner sports today . first , i met with jon and did the whole road dog experience . jon was very informative and very friendly which made me feel super comfortable . i then worked with matt to find the exact shoe i wanted . he remained very patient even though he was working with a few other people at the same time . he did n't once make me feel rushed and answered every question i had . i would 100 % recommend this to any of my friends family . thanks again matt and jon for an amazing customer experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misleading store employees , stay away from this store . told me a membership today was 2.50 clerk rang a bell after sale as i walked out door , it was a that point i knew something as wrong , got hold of customer care found out that was for one month and would auto renew in august for 44.95 , can u say cancel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very knowledgeable . did n't feel any pressure to purchase shoes . great fit with john and ashley h !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my review has nothing to do with the store products but a wonderful customer service experience . my husband passed away suddenly , under unusual circumstances while working out . he had two pairs of brand new shoes in his closet that had never been worn . the purchase date was long past the return period . when i approached a manager , coralea , on may 3 with my situation , she immediately returned the shoes , no further questions asked . she made the experience under a very sad and difficult situation a little more bearable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first experience shopping at this retailer and i must say that i was impressed . ciera helped me pick out my shoes and was excellent . she 's truly a value to the company . all the staff was very friendly and all had smiles on . i am very impressed with the enthusiasm and how knowledgeable the staff was . being a manager of retail , i 'm a tuff customer to impress . i will definitely be back , to shop and possibly recruit . awesome selection of styles too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter and i stopped in to check out running shoes . we had great service with ash h. she helped us with our individual needs . she listened to our needs and made great suggestions . thank you ash . we will definitely come back . we are vip members and love the deals", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff and really great customer service ! they fitted me for shoes and helped me a lot of you go here and can have bri help you do she 's is amazing ! overall support nice staff love it here and will be back ! i work at a place with lots of water , so i told bri this , so she showed me these socks to keep your feet dry . i bought them and they have a year warranty on them which is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "road runner sports feels like a home away from home - i practically live at the store and i feel that i 'm treated like family when i 'm there . the staff is always helpful and they always remember my name . if you need help getting fitted into the right shoe , ask for amber . i 've been buying shoes from her for the last year and she has never , i repeat , never put me in a shoe that i did not love ! amber goes out of her way to make sure you get what you want , and more importantly , what you need . she wo n't sugar coat or sell you unnecessary items . she 's straight forward and to the point and extremely professional . under amber 's care you 'll walk out of road runner with the perfect fitting pair of shoes and you 'll come back requesting her help again because she 's simply the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great experience , all of the staff was very busy when we came in , but they went out of their way to say hi and let us know exactly who would help us and when . the fitting experience was amazing , even better than runners den . we got the vip membership and will for sure be back for our shoes again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! customer service at its finest . the custom insoles changed my whole running world . rahshon and karl were great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roadrunner is an amazing one stop shop for all my athletic shoes and rehab purchases . their return policy is fantastic , which i had to use several times in the same week ! i became a vip member for little money and saved tons ( it 's definitely worth doing ) . the manager corana ( sorry for spelling ? ? ) was incredible and took such amazing care of me ! go check them out ! you 'll love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome in so many ways . they always have the shoe you want in the size that you need it in . try and get that at any of the other big box sports store retailers in town . in addition , the staff is always attentive , helpful and pleasant . hard to imagine these days that those elements would factor into the making of a desireable shopping experience . but they are . too many stores have downsized there staff or pushed their stuff online and the in-store experience is horrendous . kudos to roadrunner . keep it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love road runner sports . very good selection of shoes , apparel , bras , gear etc . prices are competitive , they have great service with very knowledgeable staff , and they support the local running community . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently started running . my husband encouraged me to buy some new shoes and stated this place was amazing . he was right . the staff was friendly , knowledgeable , and accommodating . they took a video of me running , showed me my problems ( which i was aware of ) and made me try on different shoes while taking additional videos to show which worked best . i did the custom orthotics because i knew i would need some based upon what my husband has been telling me for years . vyda helped me picking out the shoes and with the orthotics . she knew precisely what i would help best and you can see the difference in the videos she took of me running . thank you roadrunner sports for being professional and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not an avid runner but this is a place to check out even if you are a beginner . i checked out this place during one of their monthly free 5k 's and loved it ! the staff and other attendees were very friendly . i did make another trip back to purchase some running shoes . i do n't know how or why but they made me run barefoot ! i did n't like it ! i like that they give free evaluation of your running style . i did purchase a pair of shoes that i feel have helped me with my running goals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice people helping , except for when they are really busy . i didnt like the fact that i waited so long to get `` fitted '' for the right pair of walking shoes , and they ones i liked they didnt have in stock in store or even online . but alas , i found them online for about $ 50 cheaper !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went into road runner sports for some new shoes for a 1 2 marathon and had some pretty incredible service ! not only did i get the shoes i needed , i got socks and signed up for the vip program . i was very pleased with the service and i can not wait to start training ! steve , the manager was extremely helpful and a very pleasant person to work with . i ca n't wait to go back and get many more things in the next few months !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an amazing experience with my salesperson , vyda ! ! ! she helped me get fit for the right pair of shoes ! in the future , the only place i 'll shop for shoes will be road runner sports in tempe ! i 'll only ask for vyda each and every time ! great customer service is hard to come by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this shop . my husband and i bought shoes in may , both new brands styles from our normal based on the advice of the staff . we wore them for about 60 days ; i trained decently hard in mine and we just were n't feeling it . enter the vip perk . we are vip members which allowed us to bring the shoes back and try again . the staff spent lots of time with us making sure we got the shoes we would be very happy with this time . the adventure runs are great , the member perks are great , everyone is friendly and supportive , they have clinics , etc . i love coming here and will keep coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did not appreciate them pushing the overpriced `` custom '' inserts among other items . wo n't be back . thought there was too much pressure selling .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location several times with both my husband and my parents , but never for myself . the last time i came in , both of my parents were kicking and screaming through the entire process , they did n't want to be there or have to go through shoe dog , despite all of my convincing . frank was knowledgable and patient with my grumpy old man , never pushy and worked with our requests . since then , they 've both been back several times for more shoes and insoles . this last time i finally decided to give it a try and what a difference it has made ! do yourself a favor and at least get fitted for some insoles . they 're a bit expensive but they last awhile and your feet will thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service here is unparalleled . i always feel well taken care of and listened to here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved to scottsdale and went to rrs for pair of running shoes . first experience very good , second visit not so much , but third time was a charm thanks to nika and rush ! big thank you to nika ! she made my day and made up for any poor service i may have had the last visit . thanks again to both nika and rush for great service , great conversation , and finally a great fitting shoe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey guys , i 'm back reviewing this place with again nothing but great things to say . last time i was in there a young guy named dominick helped me out , as you 've seen from my last post . sadly , he has since moved out of the state but the reason that i 'm backing reviewing the experience is because they seem to always hire all-stars . this time a boy named jacob ( or jake , i forget what he goes by ) helped me out . the service i received again was awesome . my insoles are still kicking so he helped me get some new shoes . jake was a champion , give that guy a raise or a beer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone here is so friendly and helpful ! it can be a little overwhelming if you 've never been before , and if you 're going for your first pair of running shoes , make sure you 've got plenty of time ( and preferably no kids in tow , haha ) . i signed up for the vip program and will always come here for my serious running needs !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called to get some information and a gal name vyda had me on hold for a while , but i got all the info i needed and she was so nice about it ! ! heading down to the store to get my merchandise ! thanks vyda ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mario ! ! can not say enough about how helpful and knowledgeable he was . thanks for helping me make the switch and be brave and try a new brand ! ! runner 's know runner 's ! ! so excited to be one of the newest vips . thanks mario ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shoe shopping is a miserable experience for me , but the staff here was unbelievably helpful and patient . i would highly recommend this place for anybody needing a well fitting shoe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife has very hard feet to get running shoes . she has extremely wide feet ( so wide that she was comfortable in a men 's double wide shoe ) and flat feet . i dread every time she needs new shoes . we love roadrunner because the vip lets you take them home and actually run in them and return them if they are causing you pain . after having some pain , my wife went back and amber sat with us for 2 hours while my wife tried on every pair amber could think of . we finally got a pair that we thought would work and she even helped by showing a few different ways to lace the shoe to make it wider and more supportive . she even checked in a few days later to see how they were working ! it is so nice to have service like that in a world where sometimes it seems like customer service is gone ! thank you so much to road runner sports and especially to amber !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amber and frank are the best . so helpful and really take their time making sure you get what you really need ! always a pleasure to shop when these two are working !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the most wonderful experience getting fitted for running shoes ! i have n't ran in 15 years , so it was all new to me again , the sweetest person coralea helped me . she made me feel comfortable and was very knowledgeable about what i needed . she took her time with me which i really appreciated ! i will absolutely be going back ! ! ! thank you coralea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys know their stuff ! winston did a great job getting me fit in the right running shoe . i 've already recommended him to a friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is bogus ! i had inside and outside of my house sprayed less than a month ago , and i am seeing more spiders and bugs now than i was seeing before ! ! ! when i called to complain they said that they do not guarantee until after the 2nd service . why would i want them to come out again if they did n't even do it right the first time ! ! ! ! stay away from this company ! horrible customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have denny 's spraying our house for bugs for years now and i would n't change a thing ! ! we had a major cricket outbreak and they took care of it . we have n't seen nearly as many scorpions or anything else for that matter . we only have them spray the outside and occasionally the garage and that works perfectly for us . the technicians are polite and thorough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in the east valley and see a variety of pests from time to time , ( other than door-to-door solicitors . ) among those are : scorpions , black widow spiders , crickets , earwigs and who knows what . as far as we 're concerned a good scorpion is a dead scorpion ; and denny 's , over two decades of using them , has provided excellent services and results . our technician and welcome visitor to our home is jerome who does a thorough and professional job each time he 's been to our home . we hold no illusion that one or two visits or periodic follow-ups will remove the problem entirely but we certainly have been rewarded in having problems extremely well-controlled . cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's cheap , close to where i 'm working , plenty of seating , and quick and friendly service . plus , it 's a chain that i l know that has gluten free food that does n't make me sick as a results of cross contamination .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love chipotle and have probably gone to most locations within driving distance of my house . this chipotle happens to be my hometown 2 min away location and i 'm so happy to have one close w well prepared food & friendly service , but it is also the absolute slowest , s l o w , slowest location i 've ever been to . when it first opened , i chalked it up to newness , but they are as disorganized as the day they opened . tonight for example there was a line out the door around 7pm and at least 5 or 6 people working but only one women on the line . there appears to be no order behind the counter , people jumping on and off register . does n't everyone get assigned a location ? man your post , harness the power of the assembly line people and get organized ! i 've seen other locations where everyone seems to know what they are assigned to , communicate and even appear at ease instead of running around like headless chickens .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very welcoming and friendly staff , went out of their way to brighten up my day . and the food was right on par with chipotle 's standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we go to this place at least oncy a week for dinner . we order bowls with double meat and we ask for lots of rice and black beans . this shop has a huge turnover of staff and it shows sometimes in the inconsistency of subsequent orders ! still , this is the best fast food ever ! wow ! now i 've got the chipolte jones going and i 'm gon na go get dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "going after the rush is a better idea , i do get a salad bowl and they are pretty quick and clean at the location . i do enjoy the smaller chips vs the big ones .. never finish them : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess it could n't last forever , i gave a 5 star a few weeks ago . last 2 trips chips were stale and smelled like rancid oil . i guess the honeymoon is over .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to many chipotles but this one was great ! they were extremely nice and friendly ! no matter how many things they had going on around them they focused on you and had some small talk here and there . they were also very fast and efficient . it is hard to do both in an environment such as this ! well done !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this chipotles food is always good and on point , but the portions are not full portions ... ever . especially when it 's busy they are so stingy about everything . paid double meat for what seemed like one portion . always slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is alright and nothing seems extreme enough to point out besides that they like to be a bit stingy with everything . got a burritto bowl with double meat , cheese , rice and salsa and the bowl was still pretty empty . bit unsatisfied . its local so ill go again . hoping its better next time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is , of course , delicious . but what really caught my attention was the extremely friendly staff ! ! they actually talk to you while making your food & do n't act annoyed if you ask for a side of something . they have great customer service skills . keep it up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff member making my burrito bowl misheard me , gave me something i did n't order , and argued over with me about it when i ( politely ) stopped her , and then refused to remake my order . we were only at the bean phase , and i did n't have a tortilla , so it would have been so simple . it was uncomfortable and i was hungry and not in the mood to argue , so i gave up the fight . very rude and confrontational ! will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch today . service was fast , staff was friendly , food was delicious . music was a little loud for a restaurant but that was the only downside . will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh , is this place delicious . i ca n't say anything other than incredible things about charley 's subs in beachwood place . we are regulars here and we always get the cheesesteak sub with all the extras and the chicken cheesesteak as well . you can not beat their fries and for me and my kids , we love the cheese fries . heck , you only live once and as long as you eat in moderation you can enjoy these things - who 's with me ? the lines here are usually long and lunchtime is a bit hard for me to get in . the staff is very polite but with all the people it may take a moment more than what you want . do n't worry- it 's so good and worth it . we always come to this place as their are so many options at the mall for food- this one is the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eh ... not quite worthy of 2 stars , my usual `` leaves a lot to be desired '' rating , but not quite good . i had my first charley 's recently and am writing this review in case anyone is wondering if it is a good replacement for the usual go-tos . better than a toasted subway sub , sure . so is a bowl of plain yogurt . but , it 's not quite at the caliber of a great steak & potato or steak escape , and not even in the ballpark with dibella 's . soft , squishy bread and your typical food court hot sub offerings inside . decent fries . i prefer good crusty bread surrounding my grilled shaved steak product , but there 's really nothing wrong with this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great experience with cruise toronto , cruising around the toronto harbor and the islands . captain patrick indulged our every request , and they even had a special surprise for a special occasion . would definitely go here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the roof on the cruise is leaking . can you believe that ? better not to sink before i get off board", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally there is a `` smoke friendly lounge '' in mccarran international airport ! before you get your politically correct underwear in a bundle , keep in mind , this is vegas baby ! yeah ! : ) pony up to the bar and order a libation or two prior to boarding your flight and complying with lighted placards . strike up a conversation with a showgirl or an elvis impersonator while enjoying your favorite smoke . you can also try your luck with the one-armed bandits in the adjacent gaming lounge . if your in a rush and do n't have time to socialize , they also sell sandwiches and chips for hungry travelers on the go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 15.88 for a double well drink . a bit steep , yes , but the staff were friendly , funny , and efficient . it was a bit smokey in there , but it 's the closest bar to the security checkpoint in c terminal , and a good place to sit , have a drink and charge your phone while you wait to see how delayed your flight really is and whether it 's been reassigned to a different gate . i blew about an hour in here . they have a few tvs playing espn and whatever sports are on at the time . one of the tvs had the volume up loud enough for a few patrons at a high top to hear the game , but it was n't so loud as to deafen the rest of us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay , smoking lounge ! but be warned , it 's damn expensive ( then again , you 're in las so they price everything like you won big at one of the numerous slot machines scattered throughout the airport ) . one beer -- a stella at that -- set me back about $ 11 ( specifically , it was $ 11.45 but then there 's tipping and i tipped nicely despite the price ) . there 's a special that allows you to get a $ 4 shot with your beer ... i guess if you 're willing to drop $ 15+ , cool ? the atomosphere ranges from business men lookin ' for booze to tatted youths looking to smoke and booze up as well . annnnd it is quite clean ! plus , the bartender that was working was pretty sassy , so i did enjoy that . all in all , it 's a convenient smoking lounge with pretty steep prices , but again , it is las so it 's not surprising .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude , rude , rude ! ! this is a small smoking lounge located in the las vegas airport . the bartender was a complete ass . the soda we ordered had no flavor . all carbonation . when returned the bartender just threw it out and did not offer a substitute or a refund . the rudeness continued for the bartender could not hear my wife ( older guy ) and just said , `` i ca n't hear you so i ca n't help you '' does americans with disabilities ring a bell ? i can see a law suit brewing ! terrible customer service and terrible sodas stay away folks ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a hefty bloody mary for my departure from las vegas . kinda dirty and smokey , but a decent double for $ 16.it 's a smoking friendly place , but you do n't need to smoke . just inhale . the bartender must have been moonlighting as a comic , because the dude was ridiculously funny .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quiet little spot to grab a drink and watch some sports before your flight . i liked the atmosphere . very high class looking and elegant . could have stayed here for a while if my flight were n't departing soon . i will be back before my next flight in this terminal . friendly bartender as well . nice little chill spot to kick off the vacay mode .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mccarran had eliminated smoking some time ago and now they brought it back in full force . this bar is connected to the gaming area , which is also smoker friendly . several high tops and a booths lining the walls . bartenders were pretty friendly . drink prices were standard . i gave them 1 extra star because they have plugs under the booth seats . but , you have to inhale half a pack and smell like your uncle 's coat to charge it even 10percent . i 'm knocking this place because people should really quit smoking . but , i 'm not going to knock the star off because it serves its ' purpose for those people that need it . including mama . i 'm an ex-smoker so i know what i 'm talking about . but , i digress and step off the soap box .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ... $ 11 for a hoagie sandwich that was probably made about a week before serving ... at least it was placed in saran wrap . i did not know that they had a menu as i was not offered one ... just immediately told that i had to order something as soon as i sat down . i was not interested in alcohol and made the mistake of asking if they had sandwiches . i would not have ordered this sandwich if i knew that i would have to cut the saran plastic off to eat it and would not be offered any condiments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bartender rich is really great . he let us watch whatever we wanted on the tv and was pleasant to talk to . he even stayed late so we could finish our show -- we really appreciated that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply outstanding ! not divey but friendly . zero complaints ( and that 's rare for me ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy cow i ca n't believe i have n't left the review here yet ! having a great auto mechanic is critical for me and my business . i need to be able to diagnose whatever the problem is and get it fixed so i can get back on the road and get my work done as quick as possible . that 's the main reason why i come to sunland . in the last two or three months i 've been here maybe six or seven times replacing parts and just doing maintenance on my vehicles . the prices are competitive , they are wicked fast , and the guys in charge are really great to work with ! they have a long-term customer in me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called for a quote for front brakes on my 07 entourage $ 200 in some change ouch . i just got a quote from brake masters $ 115 and change out the door ! this is a no brainer lol brake masters it is even came with a warranty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honest and reliable service . i truly appreciate a business that could make a quick buck instead make a decision to save me money and create return business . i 've spent much more there ( and glad to do so ) because of it . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you ca n't go wrong here . honest auto shop and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunland auto good service , honest , and they wo n't stop until the job is done . i appreciate a business that values customer service more than the mighty dollar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called on thursday may 4th to make an appointment . got my appointment for 730 may 5th , i arrive at 0720 for my appointment it is now after 9 and they still have n't looked at my car . a customer showed up after me and complaining of a vibration , they took his car into the shop and removed the wheels , re-balanced them , test drove his car twice all in an hour and half . and all this time not was once my car looked at . when i asked for my keys to leave , they did not apologize or try to make it right . when you promise something keep that promise , first impression last a life time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great mechanic . you definitely wo n't overpay for your service . these guys are honest and do n't try to rack up the bill for things you do n't need . my transmission went out in my car and they fixed it with no problems . communication could have been a little better but it 's only because they 're always so busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to sunland auto a few weeks ago because my car would n't start and they were great ! so friendly and did n't try to hassle me into spending tons of money on getting my car fixed . they simply fixed what i wanted fixed for a great price ! i will be going back if i ever have car problems again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend sunland auto service . i went there to have my vehicle inspected prior to me selling it , and i must say , this place is a rare find nowadays . seriously , nothing beats an honest , knowledgeable , and thorough mechanic ! i was also quite impressed by how the owner and the employees treated their other customers . a +", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my car started having apparent transmission problems . i took it to a dealership ( $ 100 just to look at it ) and said i needed a complete new $ 3300 transmission . aamco wanted $ 600 just to diagnose it and expected $ 2k-3k service . bob at sunland was the only guy who took the time to check if there could be any other causes for my car woes . only $ 200 later and i 've got a working car and sunland has a very loyal customer for all my future car needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my jeep wrangler about 10 days ago and the service was great , the wait was shorter than expected and the price was a lot cheaper than what i checked around . will go back for my next service . thank you bob .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to mesa , my brother in law told me about yelp ... . checked it out and found sunland auto . bob and his crew were great ! found the problem , fixed it and explained about plugs and why it 's important to use oem parts for repairs i have found my auto repair place in mesa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently went to sunland auto service for a transmission issue . i got a quote from another place , then , when i had the money for the repair a month later , the original place raised the price by $ 400 ! that was enough for me to look for another `` car guy '' . i turned to yelp for the best , and i found them . bob and his crew not only re-checked the problem and gave me a 2nd opinion , they charged me less than i expected . i needed a transmission re-build , and bob was even awesome enough to work with me on a payment plan . he treated me fairly , kindly , honestly , and trusted me to pay him back with just a handshake and my word . i will be back to sunland if i have any future repair needs . i will also recommend them to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for an oil change and also had a few other things i wanted them to check . usually when you ask a mechanic to check something , that 's their cue to start charging and suggesting repairs . was pleasantly surprised when they said everything checked out and they even cleaned my hvac intake of debris at no charge as i had mentioned the ac was n't blowing as hard . first time here and will definitely come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the services provided by sunland auto was courteous and honest ! we brought our 15 year old car in with a leak and they repaired it so it is good as new ! the estimate was exactly what we were charged . they found the problem immediately and we are impressed with their professionalism .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved from illinois . had problems with my car . took it to sun land auto they went above and beyond . they found out my car had a recall . and recommend a dealer . asked dave how much for service . his answer was no charge . was really impressed . my family is moving here . this is the only place we will take our cars for service . thank you ! ! ! oops bob", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used sunland for the first time today and am very happy . scott is super friendly , and they did a very good job of determining what was wrong with my car and were very reasonably priced . i have had a lot of disappointments with other shops , and i 'll be going to sunland from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service still lives ! ! ! these people take pride in their work , and will make sure you are satisfied with the results ! so glad to have found them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need to find an honest place to have your car serviced , look no further . they are very busy here so remember to make an appointment , you wo n't be sorry . they will take good care of you and your vehicle , and you wo n't need a bank loan to pay for your service . my days of going to the dealer are over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob and his crew are always fair and reasonable . my family and i have been bringing him our cars ever since we found this place years ago . we always get a call with estimates and options prior to any work being done . the job is always done right , at a fair price , and in a fair amount of time . they never try to hustle me with add ons or `` you really should have this done ... '' kind of pressure . they offer their advice and you can take it or leave it . will always bring my cars here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they took great care of my car when the cd player fried but even better , they loosened the oil drain plug so i could change my oil at home . it 's great to have a place i can trust with my car . it could be a little friendlier but i 'll take trust and quality over smiles", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sunland auto is the only place my husband and i trust to handle the service on our vehicles . we have been taking our vehicles to bob and his staff for over 7 years and always feel confident that they are being honest with us and that we will receive excellent service . they explain everything very clearly and do not try and up sell unnecessary products or services . i highly recommend them for their honesty , quality of work , and their overall friendliness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunland saved me from the little pep boys ! pep boys fixed my check engine light problem for $ 600 and the check engine light came back on two days later . also , the dashboard and shift box lights of my car stopped working after the so-called fix and pep boys denied their responsibilities . so , when the check engine light came back on , pep boys quoted me another $ 600 for another fix . no way . i went to sunland and the fix was only $ 100 . thank you so much sunland auto service ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you have doubts , try it at pep boys and sunland for yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to sunland for 15 years.this the most honest and qulity shop i have ever seen.i 'm not the easiest customer and can be quite demanding , bob the owner and scott the manager have always been accomidating and very good at not only explaing the situation with my car , but then following through on what ever they tell me.best of all it is done right and they stand behind every repair.these guys `` get '' customer service ! best in the business i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest , fast and easy to deal with . worked with bob and scott and they were both very professional and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer to this business and it was as good as yelp said ! ! bob the owner greeted me with a handshake- when 's the last time that happened to you ? ? they were very busy so when i left my car i figured a couple of days to repair ( i told them i was in no hurry to get it back ) imagine my surprise when it was completed the same day for a fraction of what i envisioned it was going to cost ! they had even drove it to emissions to be sure it would pass ! ! i have 3 autos and have finally found a shop to take them to that i trust ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i took my car to sun devil auto and was quoted $ 1400 to fix my ac . something did n't feel right so i took it here for a second opinion . my ac was fixed for $ 490 and included a warranty . i 'm glad i could find an honest shop that i trust to bring my car to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called in the morning and got a quote for a new clutch from chuck and the price was reasonable . well we got our truck in about 11 and they called to let us know it was n't the clutch and it would be about 800 cheaper to fix it . they had our truck fixed and ready to be picked up by 4:30 . it was so nice to work with an honest repair shop and to have great service , thanks chuck and scott !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best mechanic i 've ever had . scott is the owner and makes sure all his customers are fully satisfied before they leave his shop . i ca n't tell you how much i appreciate tom and scott for all of their honesty and hard work . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found bob just by luck , they spent a full week trying to figure out why my car would n't start . they tried everything and could n't figure it out , after replacing many parts that did n't correct it the issue turned out to be a ground wire . they could 've tried to sell me multiple parts to increase the charge but instead he told me about the ground wire . they had put over 15 hours of diagnostic work along with replacing parts . bob did n't feel right charging me that much so my bill was 150 dollars and i was out the door . i have since only used bob and have referred everyone i know to them . sundland is how every mechanic shop should be , honest and caring !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been taking our vehicles here for years now . i feel they are very honest and they do great work . they almost felt bad when our transmission went out , worked with me on payments . do n't quote me but you might get a discount with cash payment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took wife 's original 1967 mustang to sunland to have power steering installed from a kit i had ordered . turned out the kit was for a 65-66 plus it was for an automatic tranny . ours was 3 speed manual . worked with scott and he was able to retrofit clutch linkage and install kit . had a few other things done and have to say could n't be more pleased with the outcome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is so hard to find a mechanic you can trust . i feel i finally found one that is trainable , clean and professional . at a dealership i would have paid over $ 1000 for my repair . at this location i saved $ 250 on my service . and it was not a small ordeal . i highly recommend this place and urge you to give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my vehicles are in good hands . no bs and reasonable prices . they standby in their quality and workmanship . great customer service and very friendly . what else can you ask for in an auto shop . scott is the man . and props to his crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always feel comfortable using this shop , very trustworthy and have great customer service . i have brought my toyota here and previously my pontiac .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my car here for years . i have an older mitsubishi montero , runs great thanks to sunland . they have done necessary work , not like other auto repair shops . their service is awesome . i live nearby and have gotten rides to and fro , which has helped me immensely . i recently had a major problem , even had to have it towed there . they diligently repaired it . their analysis of the problem was spot on ! i wish i could give them a 10 star because they deserve it . i have never had better service from any other shop . they are friendly and very professional ! i highly recommend them to anyone who needs service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "take me back to the good old days ... when people took pride in their work , were polite , were honest , went above and beyond ... that 's what i got at sunland . i had a serious problem with my 10-year old vehicle ( transmission ) and bob provided me with several options , explained each thoroughly and gave me advice . my car runs as smooth as silk and is sometimes so quiet , i 'm not sure it 's running~ bob was as good as his word in every respect and i highly recommend sunland . ( and thanks for the recommendation to jetzon auto body , bob - another five-star shop ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i take my car here every time to get repair everytime i show up early in the morning they have my car fix in 2-4 hrs same day . the manager understands i dont have a second vehicle . the owner is trustworthy they dont add extra charges if anything they they charge cheaper than other mechanic shop hope you have a good experience i do every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came in at 11am and left at 2pm . we have a volkswagon jetta and needed our breaks replaced plus new rotars . they worked on our car quicker than we expected and at a really good price . it came out to less than $ 300 . we will be coming back here for sure . if you are looking to wait with your car i suggest you go across the street to the gas station when you want a snack . the vending machine and gum ball machines got stuck on us a couple of times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunland auto service is outstanding ! ! it was my first visit and clearly one of the best customer services i have ever received from an auto repair shop . i was not surprised how many customers were coming and going and the attention they were given . scott the owner is very pleasant and takes the time to meet your auto needs . tom at the service desk was very knowledgable and explained in detail the auto issues to the customers . their business is fine tuned and deserves to be recognized . i highly recommend them and without a doubt will return especially for their professionalism and fair pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my truck repaired at another shop . the problem still was n't fixed so i took it to sunland . the guys found exactly what was wrong repaired it got me on the road real quick . they are honest and back up there work . reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been taking our vehicles here for a few months now . they are friendly and professional . you will always know how much a service or repair is up front . they take your car right in on time when you make an appointment . i would recommend them for any service or repair . you will not be disappointed if you take your autos to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and kind people that got the job done ! will be back ! : ) thanks sunland", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how many times do you feel comfortable with a mechanic ? for me never , until i went to sunland and have worked with multiple employees . they are honest , non-pushy and reasonably priced . i love this place and will continue to bring my vehicles in for all the necessary maintanence .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we moved away from the area and can not use their services anymore , or i would never go anywhere else . i have a 1996 jeep grand cherokee and a 2002 vw jetta , which are both still viable . these gentlemen where the most helpful mechanics with whom i have ever worked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i noticed that the serpentine belt on my 1999 jeep wrangler was worn-out just a few days before long trip . i was able to make an appointment within a couple of days and the repair was completed exactly on time and at the quoted cost . best of all - no upsell ! like a lot of older jeeps , mine can use a few minor repairs which sunland could have tried to sell to me . instead , they did exactly what i asked . bob and his staff were absolutely professional and friendly . i will return ! 100 % satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could not be happier with this place first time customer decided to try them since i 've had issues with the last mechanic i went to who could n't seem to find the leak on my ac system and with 115 degree weather you ca n't go long without it so i took it in today and bob helped me out and called me back within a couple of hours and basically i 'm paying much less than what any other big retailer would 've charged and a lot better service definetely recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob and his guys are great i had my jeep worked on there and they have gone out of their way to make sure i was a happy customer thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my camry hybrid here for an oil change . and an hour later it was done and more . they did a thorough inspection . they know their stuff . honest and hard working . easily one of the best auto service out there . and wo n't rip you off . definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding business . friendly knowledgeable staff ! i would not take my vehicle any where else . they check it top to bottom and fix whatever is wrong at a fair and reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had our yukon taken in for repairs for the first time here . bob greeted me and was very friendly and professional . he remembered both me and my husbands names so when i came back in the next day ( very fast work they did ) , he greeted me by name . reasonable prices after getting 2 bids somewhere else , they were lower . the price was as he promised , i left with a handshake and felt like our car was well taken care of ! will come back if needed for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair prices . honest . they are willing to listen , have always given me accurate estimates ( and sought approval for work prior to doing it ) , and they explain things along the way and are open to answering questions . good shop , only drawbacks are that they are n't open on the weekends and they are normally busy , so it 's best to come early if you are a walk-in or schedule an appointment in advance if possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch buffet ! it 's $ 7.99 per person on weekdays , a bit higher on the weekends . the selection is terrific especially if you are a novice to indian food - you get the benefit of trying a bunch of well prepared foods at a reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a beautiful addition to this area ! this team has done a spectacular job in restoring , renovating , and beautifying this already unique property . the wine list is extensive enough to satisfy all palettes ; the menu has a nice assortment of salads , sliders , and desserts ; and the atmosphere is friendly , inviting , and warm . this is the perfect spot to bring a date , congregate with work pals , or just have a full night of merriment and cheer with friends and family . for those not interested in wine , they also have several beers on draught , as well as some liquor options . they take credit cards , have free wifi , and complimentary valet on fridays and saturdays . do n't waste any more time , go to the wine mill right now ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wine mill is such a fun place to go with delicious food ! their wine selection is amazing , and their servers are very knowledgeable about the wine and food . lauren was our server and she was so friendly , amazing , and recommended us the perfect wines and food ! their wine list is extensive , and their menu is perfect for wine lovers . i split the cheese plate and spinach artichoke dip , and both were wonderful . the plates are perfect for splitting - their portions are fairly large . it 's all reasonably priced for a `` wine bar '' . the servers are friendly , service is great and fast , and the atmosphere is very warm . if i 'm ever in the area again i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in with a group of friends . place is nice & cozy . we were told the wine we wanted to order was replaced by another brand . when we received our bill , we were charged $ 14 per glass instead of $ 11 . brought it to the attention of the waitress , who said the mgr . had left . we recognized the mgr who had managed another winery , & told her he was still there . she came back & credited our bills . then when we paid , they misplaced our friends credit card . never even apologized after they found it . mgr , head back to thorncreek . your associates are not as friendly or knowledgeable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very cute winery near cuyahoga falls . i am not a huge wine fan so i tried a flight to check out my options . the wines were good and i found two that i really liked and others that were just okay . the apps are large enough for at least 3 people to share . the space inside and out are so perfect for a party , and they also tend to have bands . if wine is your think check this place out asap !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is cute but we ordered the antipasto plater and it left me wondering . the prices seem a bit steep ( $ 16 for a salad served in an average sized mason jar ) but the real disappoint was that there were at least two items on our antipasto plater ( $ 24 ) that i am certain came out of a bulk food bag from costco : cashew clusters and chocolate covered acai berries . there were another 2 or 3 items that i thought were from costco but could not say for sure . there were 4 small slices of hard salami , which was the only meat on the platter . all of this makes me question the quality of their food . do n't put pre packaged costco product on my dinner plate . if i am going to spend money for a good meal , it is not going to be here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will be back . this place has a very fun rustic homey atmosphere and serves a full bar wine and cheese boards . we had the mason jar salads [ the pear pecan and vegan salads ] and the presentation is super cute . everything comes out on slate or some sort of rustic laid back dishwear . the music was the lasting feature for me as i dug every song that played over a 3 hour span ! the salad was enough for dinner , i was full . i would go back just to try their charcuterie and sliders . heard they were amazing ! cheers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice , cozy place in peninsula with a rustic-chic ambiance . extensive wine list and delicious food . my wife and i ordered the short rib sliders and the artichoke skillet . the sliders are 4 nicely sized sliders , along with a nice salad served on a slate serving dish , and are very tasty . the artichoke skillet is a baked cheese dip served with french bread and sesame crackers . this was almost too much food for two people , and we ended up taking the leftovers home . the staff were extremely friendly and attentive and provided some good wine recommendations . while at first glance it may appear on the pricy side , the experience was totally worth it and we ca n't wait to go back . we visited on a saturday afternoon , shortly after they opened and a steady stream of customers followed , so i 'm guessing this place gets pretty crowded and i could see that reservations are probably wise , especially in the evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a gem in peninsula . one of my favorite spots to go to while i 'm visiting family in ohio ! the atmosphere is so cozy , comfortable and relaxing . the decor is so wonderful , it has so much character . every single thing i have eaten here i have enjoyed . the crab skillet and the bbq pork sliders are my two favorite items on the menu , they both came with much more food than i expected which was great . all of the wines that i have tried here have been wonderful and the waiters are very helpful with wine selections , my favorite is the summerland chardonnay . i have been so unbelievably pleased with the service at the wine mill every time , which adds even more to the overall experience ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little find in peninsula ! amazing atmosphere inside and out - they really spent time with the decor ! the staff was very nice and the ( i think ) own stopped by our table to say hi . we ordered 3 different dips ( chicken , artichoke , and crab ) and the cheese board . we also had the house cab and pinot . everything was very good ! the dips m were very cheesy and flavorful ! my favorite was the goat cheese on the cheese board . from talking to my friend who has been there before - it gets really packed so make reservations ! without a reservation they may tell you you ca n't be seated that night . kind of nice for those who do have reservations as its a small place and that helps with the crowd control .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had my parents 50th wedding anniversary at the wine mill . everything was perfect . service exceptional . nearly all our guests commented that the event was fabulous . they will help you create a menu with your preferences in mind . we had salmon and short ribs which were delicious . appetizers were a fun combo of corn dogs and spring rolls . cheese board and salads well presented . i recommend them for special events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a warm , friendly , relaxed environment with great service , a strong wine selection , and homemade apps . the server offered great recommendations for my taste ( which i 've found is a rarity ) and the live , acoustic music was the perfect ambience for a girls evening out . only thing i could complain about is the price on the food selection , it seemed slightly out of range for appetizers and sliders ; however , it was homemade and complimented the wine perfectly . i personally liked the spinach artichoke . we also tried a local cleveland peach chardonnay that was spectacular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place just opened in the past few weeks . it used to be an indian mill at the entrance to tamsin park , years ago and has sat vacant for years . the new owners did an excellent job with renovations . the interior is beautiful ! the wine list had plenty to offer and there are also beer and spirits . the menu has limited selections , however , the three items we sampled were amazing ! the chicken melt and sliders were delicious and all came with a very tasty salad . i would highly recommend giving this place a", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cute little wine place that we discovered on our way to russo 's for dinner . if i ever build a she-shed in my backyard i want it to look and feel like this place . the wine mill has a company make its private label wines . the wine snob in me says they are not varietally correct which is a bummer . they do have some great craft beers on tap ( ah hem clown shoes ) and they have a nice selection of wines you can order as a taste , glass or bottle . the bartender and i had fun tasting a variety of wines and he explained the history of the place . the food looks awesome and it is nicely presented on the plate . we ca n't wait to go back and try the food and linger a bit longer next time . complimentary valet parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very shady business operation ! ! patrick cunningham ( former manager of thorncreek winery ) took a cell phone call from my 76 year old grandmother trying to buy a gift certificate to thorncreek . she called the cell number 440-773-5978 off of patrick 's thorncreek business card she obtained in august 2014 . he let her believe she was receiving the gift certificate from thorncreek , charged her credit card , and mailed out a certificate for his new business ! when she tried to call to dispute the charge he became defensive and rude . people should be ashamed trying to steal customers and duping the elderly ! ! ! wow", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just came for dessert and drinks and had the best time ! the restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere . the building is from 15 years before the civil war . the owner showed us a history book about the building itself . september 25 and the restaurant was decked out for fall . there were pumpkins and candles lit -such a warm atmosphere . most deserts are in a mason jar and the drinks are great . i had a local beer , an ipa from cleveland heights . we had the ice cream sundae in a mason jar and my husband had the mousse . service was great- saturday night at 8pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "birthday for a friend and this place is very well appointed . the inside was rustic yet modern with much attention to detail ! food was very good and an open bar ? well we all better be careful with that lol ! ! ! if you are in search of a smallish to medium venue to celebrate something please consider the wine mill ! cheers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and service . wife and i came to brainstorm christmas lists . wine helped and food was great . need i bother saying great wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like good service , high quality comfort food and a fabulous wine selection boasting over 60 varietals then you 'll love it here . indoor or outdoors enjoy the beautifully reconditioned pre civil war structure that has an interesting history . topped off with a cheerful wait staff and bartender that will bring a smile to your face . you will enjoy yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best little secrets in akron beautiful patio great food spectacular wine prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely adorable ! i highly recommend sitting on the patio on a nice warm evening and ordering the short rib sliders and chicken cheese dip . the live music , unique menu , and gorgeous setting make it a unique place to spend a date night or night out with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great first impression ! i was with a large group , so we were able to try a little bit of everything . not one bad thing to say ! we tried lots of dips , the lobster mac n cheese , and an apple bleu cheese spinach salad - we could n't stop ! was n't drinking so ca n't speak for the wine , but the food is certainly worth the visit alone . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is overpriced ; $ 17 for spinach artichoke dip is a bit much . the portions are strange as well . however , the ambiance makes up for the high prices . the restaurant looks nice and feels warm and intimate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had our wedding ceremony and reception at the wine mill and it was perfect ! ! patrick and steven took care of every last detail . the food , the staff , and the overall atmosphere was amazing . all of our friends and family loved it ! we will definitely be back for dinner and other special occasions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a find . the eclectic atmosphere coupled with wine , food and service makes this place a must for everyone who enjoys casual dinning . we loved the concept that each food order was an order for two . we had pulled pork and it was by far the best pulled pork we have ever have , even beats memphis . no doubt this place is a winner . byron", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this historical mill is quite the place ! we split the special which was chicken stuffed with brie and seasonings , it was wonderful ! our server was knowledgeable about the wines as well . the ambiance is beautiful with rustic decorations throughout ! we will be back to visit , especially to sit on the patio !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you should be on your way to this place right now . it is so good you do n't have to keep reading this review ... . but i 'll tell you about it anyway . atmosphere - a . cozy , not crowded . rustic old building . food- sliders are amazing . plenty for a couple to split . arrived quickly . excellent variety in the cheese board . fruit was sooo fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome . server was great and knew about the wines . the food was excellent as well . definitely recommend this place . it 's so cozy and warm ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute , cute , cute ! love the decor , atmosphere , and shareable food . i will have to come back for the dessert since the app and sandwich filled me up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they offered our group of 11 a sampling of all their menu items . we started with a cheese board , then a variety of dips with bread , salad , and sliders . we ended with a dessert for each . everything was excellent ! try the wine martini . it 's great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun and awesome venue ! my friends had their wedding and reception at the wine mill recently and it was a spectacular evening ! the team there was great to work with and they made everything so easy . the food and drink were fantastic too . i highly recommend this venue for dinner or an event !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wine mill in hudson ohio is a wonderful night out . the atmosphere and food are something to brag about . the ohio wine selection is just wonderful . the food is really out if this world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our group of 8 had a great table in the loft . the size of the menu is fair relative to the size of the restaurant . we were pleased with our food ( sliders and salad ) . good beer selection . and , the wives were pleased with the wine selection . good service and atmosphere . a perfect place for good friends to meet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice quaint place off the beaten path . the sliders are amazing ! i 'd recommend the pulled pork . portions are very generous . sitting at the bar is also recommended . kevin makes amazing mixed drinks , and provides the entertainment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent cozy atmosphere with great selections of wines and good food ! ! enjoyed the rustic appeal of the place . everyone was very friendly ! ! thanks to patrick , brad and carli ! ! will most definitely recommend this place ! ! will definitely come back for the live music ! ! thx dr md", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at the wine mill and i am impressed ! my boyfriend and i went with another couple and had a great time . they were busy so we got seated in the corner . the seating was tight and the table was meant to be for two people , but we took it anyways . i recommend ordering the wine sampler . for $ 15 , you get 3 different kinds of wine ( your choice ) . we ordered the braised short rib sliders and the crab dip . both appetizers were more like meals and super filling . the short ribs and crab dip were delicious ! i will definitely be back . i recommend making a reservation due to the small building and this place is becoming more popular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic ambiance and great wine list ! live music , at least on saturday nights . sat in the loft with my group of 6 and shared several huge plates of food . highlights of the night were the pulled pork sliders and the huge slab of carrot cake - amazing ! ! ! good service and plenty of parking . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great shop , which offers good toys for a good price . most of their toys are their own brand , and they are excellent . they do everything from traditional wooden toys to more high-tech modern stuff . the staff are helpful and allow children to touch and play with the toys out on the shop floor . the only drawback to this particular branch is the size . it 's rather small , and can be very busy at peak times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is located in the st james centre.it offers a lot of various play for kids while the adults look round the shop.it also has fun and friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm am such a kid at heart , therefore i love the early learning centre . one of my friends has just had a baby so now i actually have someone to buy toys for . they have such awesome toys and when i was little my mum bought my favourite fuzzy felt farm and i was ecstatic to see they have so many versions of it now . i ca n't wait till my friends baby is a little older so i can buy one ! they stock all manner of toys here , little talking books , cuddly toys , plastic musical instruments , sandpits , slides , paddling pools ... they have it all ! the prices are reasonable too and you know that you 're always getting something goo quality when you shop at elc , i guess that 's why it 's been around for so long . i have purchased some items for myself recently from elc including a snazzy watering can with bumble bees and caterpillars on it . i also got a super cute wall-e toy too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this place only has three stars . no , it 's not in the best of areas , no , it 's not wag n ' wash , but this petsmart is everything it should be . the staff is outrageously friendly , and they did such a great job cutting my furball 's hair . there was a sale going on too , which definitely adds to the appeal . overall , if you 're in need for a big corp pet store , this place should be on your radar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought 6 comet goldfish from here they are very healthy ... . & easy to take care of overall i 'm very happy with everything except the price of the cats they have there the cheapest one i seen was $ 80 the most expensive was $ 200 tho", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my furry partners in crime love this store ! ! the grooming department does a top notch job and gets my boys in and out ! ! they have everything think i need to keep them in good shape ! ! customer service is always fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a floating dog toy , durable bone and a nail clip we stopped by here . i picked a toy , asked if the cahier thought it would float . not only did she say no , she proceeded to take every ball we considered to a full sink and test it 's ability float . above and beyond ... thank you heather .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is for the groomers . my dog was turned away from service for barking too loudly . he 's been that way for the four years i 've had him , and training is not working obviously . i have never had a grooming salon turn him away for that , ever , and he 's had service regularly . this was my first visit at this location and last . i 'm disappointed . the groomers seemed irritated and impatient . i 'm just disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the grooming for my pomapoo was spectacular . kayla was super friendly and treated my baby great ! he came out super happy and adorable ! i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i set an appointment to get my dog groomed and i get there and they wont take her because i did not have her shot records . first of all , i was not told to bring them , my dog is just a puppy and barely 4 months . 4 months is time they need proof of raibies . i talked to the manager and i told him my puppy may not evan be 4 months yet , i got her from a rescue . he wanted proof that she was under 4 months old . really ! you are an idiot . i will take my dog where we will both be treated with respect . i will never go to that store again . poor management", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good freshwater fish selection . knowledgeable people in aquariums when i called about fish and inverts available for my freshwater tank . wish they had more products for marine aquariums . never had a problem with customer service as someone in the store always ask if you need help . ignore negative reviews as they are drama queens and not focused .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always have what mrs beasley needs and staff are friendly ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to this store for the first time . we received a card in the mail for a free bag of pet food . i kinda doubted that it was really free , but it was ! two employees helped me find what was allowed - the answer was lots of choices . very helpful , especially since i had never been in this store . i did n't even know there was a petsmart in the shopping center , though we go to the costco there all the time ! oh , much nicer staff and cleaner than the store i 'd been going to , and not much farther away from our home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't get me started with the service i have gotten recently . the `` hospital '' staff is the worst . going in for an ear infection and having my gog for 6 hours , they forgot to treat the infection . they began to blame me even though i brought the dog in for a fu^ # ing ear infection . took them another hour to . flush the ear and ake excuses . they suck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "of the 3 scheduled appointments i have made to this banfield , they have been at minimum 30 minutes late each time ( the longest being an hour ) . again , these were not walk-ins but scheduled appointments . once , i can understand , stuff happens . but three times and you 've got a systemic problem that needs addressing . i wish i could say that it 's due to incredible bedside service . but i suspect that it 's due to poor scheduling and staff utilization .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to petsmart in a panic ... ( and really emotional ) on the hunt for specific food for my dog . the manager , felicia , was the best . i left super happy and i felt like a valuable customer . my dog literally just ate dinner thanks to her and her friendly staff . best service period . thank you felicia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i took my newly adopted yellow lab in for a standard wash , condition package . cost was less than $ 30 . i 've never taken a pet in for grooming services but lawrence would n't let me wash him myself . he was a stray picked up by the county before i adopted him so i know nothing of his history . he came out happy and looking very good . they definitely met my expectations and i will use them again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very clean place . i only had one issue where i felt like i was being ripped off by the groomers . pawdicure sounded like such a great package , but the groomer did one swab of the ear ( no hair removal as stated [ because my dog wouldnt let them ] ) , and a nail grind ... i had to go back and ask them to put the ( as advertised ) bandana . waste of money , and i probably will learn how to groom myself . overall though , prices are very reasonable for their merchandise .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible service all around . i went in knowing what i was going to get right when it opened thinking it was going to be an in and out experience wrong . i waited at the check out stand for 5 minutes before i realized that no one was going to come by anytime soon . i went to go look for an associate and guess who i found to be the cashier for that morning the same guy who made eye contact with me more then once while i was standing at the check out counter . smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no matter what question i have for an employee , the conversation always ends with them asking `` would you like to buy out most expensive , organic dog food ? '' no , i came here for a dog collar . this place is overpriced but ill still come back once in awhile", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty decent petsmart . they always have my pup 's food and favorite snacks . the employees are nice and somewhat attentive . it is never too packed and it appears clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg ! what an f'n craphole ! overpriced , usually broken , sometimes used wal-mart garbage . i hate having to go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unlike a previous reviewer my wife and i did not have a pleasant experience . we did end up with the home of our dreams only after we contacted the seller 's agent because it was clear our agent was not working on our behalf . all they cared about was the sale and frankly bordered on some questionable ethical decisions that came very close to illegal . we even considered hiring an attorney because of this mess . if you are selling a home , then maybe they are for you . if you are buying i 'd stay away from this office altogether . keller williams was able to screw us over while we purchased our dream home . this should have been a pleasant experience , but it was n't . do not deal with them if you have to . seek alternatives .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude and unpleasant asking to bring buyers but no negotiations were allowed his way or the highway", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on an out of town excursion , i stumbled upon this place . pies are home made . i bought the bumbleberry and it was devine . still warm and definitely fresh as advertised . great veggies , beautiful flowers , lots of delicious little snack to purchase . if you 're in the area , do yourself a favour and buy a pie . yummmm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! love everything from the beautiful fresh fruit and produce to wonderful flowers ! if you are driving through town rock garden is a must stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this farm market . their produce is absolutely delicious . i am loving the peaches and corn right now . their potted flowers and cut flowers are always lush and healthy . and their pies are yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every winter , i count down the days until it gets warm just so that rock garden can open again . the flowers outside are only matched in beauty and warmth by the fantastic staff . margaret and her team are always there to share a smile and help with any questions you may have . i always have to pace myself in the bakery because the goodies there are simply wonderful . they have everything from fresh homemade pies , scones , cookies , and macaroons that melt in your mouth.the produce is so fresh and tasty , my family and i exclusively buy all our produce from rock garden during the open season . in short , it is not spring , summer , nor fall without rock garden", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been a customer at the rock garden now for a few years ... the quality of the fruit and veggies are the best i 've ever seen..not to mention the homemade goodies ! ! ! the staff and owers make me feel like a special and valued customer ... huge thanks to margaret for always taking the time to help me with my neverending questions about planting and gardening ... if you 've never been to this gem before it 's definetly worth the drive ! ! ! ! diane g .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vintage guitar and amp aficionados really appreciate this place , but it probably feels alienating to people looking for beginners gear or those used to shopping at guitar center . these guys love what they do and love talking to you about guitar equipment . they have a variety of guitars and amps for those looking for something more unique or special than what you find at most stores . i have n't made a big purchase there at this point , but have talked to the owner at length a few times . i botched a pickup replacement on my guitar ( i 'm a total electronics novice ) and was planning to just take it in and pay them to fix it . but instead , they explained to me what i had done wrong and told me to try again . with their advice , i was able to install the new pickups myself without having to pay a tech . also worth noting , i did n't even buy this gear from them and they helped me fix it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a throwback to what music stores used to be 20-30 years ago . walls and floors lined with gear , new , used , valuable , professional , cheap , beginner . everyone working is knowledgeable . prices are usually fair , not usually steals , and they are willing to negotiate . repairs on damn near everything are done in house . come in with a question and you might get a 2 hour answer , or shown how to do something free . you wont find the kid with the hair gel that knows nothing about music but can hand you the $ 100 walmart-ish guitar from behind the counter . you will find some comparably cranky old guys who actually know the stuff and will sell you a real guitar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , you are free to come in , plug in and play . greg is more than accommodating and is a human hard drive of info on vintage amps , guitars & pedals . prices paid on trades are fair as are the prices for the guitars and amps . he had a very diverse inventory , if your looking for a vintage silvertone he 's got it , or an echoplex , got that two , need a '72 fender princeton ? bet he has one or two . some crap but mostly real cool stuff . i also love the store music system , 70 's classic vinyl spinning on an old stereo . i think i 'll go this weekend and see if he 's got a rickenbacker in stock . no bullshit sales lines , no pressure , just the straight skinny ! no ripoffs . try it you 'll like . you wo n't be made to feel like a steaming dog turd like at spruce tree music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here a couple times to check out guitars and to have a guitar set-up . they did a great job setting up my telecaster , which i was initially disappointed with the setup after receiving from sweetwater . there 's a laid back vibe to trying out gear , not an obnoxious environment like guitar center . they have an awesome selection of used & vintage gear and guitars , lots of tube amps combos . their prices on some of the guitars i 've tried out seem very fair as well . i 'll be going here for all my local gear needs from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called the store they said we got your shirts in red . got there no shirts ..talk to 4 people no shirts capped store they", "score": "1"}
{"review": "standard kohl 's , but cleaner and more organized than other kohls i 've been in in the past . also , they have a great big and tall section , which i noticed some kohls have scaled back on . i appreciate the bigger selection , as its very hard to find big and tall , and at good prices . the evening manager , not sure his name , just gave us a great deal as there was some confusion regarding a coupon that had been causing difficulty for the store employees ( it was a 3rd party coupon . ) i appreciated him rectifying the situation and taking care of us ! awesome customer service is what will keep us going to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service from carol for going above and beyond to get her watch fixed . found it was over her as well as her manager capabilites to repair . gave her a full refund to apply for a new one . very nice and took great care from all angle . thanks jason and carol for doing so much to make us happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never go to any kohls store again . i bought a purse and walker about a month ago at this store..my purse sewing came undone on the handle..took it back -the customer service said there was nothing they can do..i did n't have a receipt because i loved what i bought..so now every kohls ad i see goes straight to the trash- i just got an email today from kohls for my wedding ... i do n't think so `` yeah right '' so my wedding could fall apart..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the downstairs bar is exactly what henderson needs ! with sleepier restaurants and wine bars abundant , the downstairs bar offers a breath of fresh air for the younger hendersonians ( i believe i have just created a word ) . it is dimly lit , but not a nightclub , has great tv 's , but not a sports bar , and some good music , but is n't a rock concert . it is a great place to grab a weekday spritzer , or spend a night out with friends without having to hit the strip . my friend jackie held her graduation party here , and it was perfect for all of us twenty-somethings , as well as her grandparents . the downstairs bar is a hip lounge that is n't trying too hard to stand out , but it is gaining popularity nonetheless . recommended drink : the bartender 's own special flavored martini recommended company : anybody , that 's the beauty of it ! your spouse , boyfriend girlfriend , friends , coworkers , grandparents and dentist could all feel comfortable in this atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrible they serve crap liquor and charge full price for it . i ordered a crown royal and was given a low rent scotch . when i sent it back i overheard one bartender telling the other just add more ice to the drink . on the re-pour i watched them pour directly from the cr bottle , but this was no cr . so beware , you are not getting what you order at this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything about the place is nice except the drink prices . the atmosphere is like a lounge with dim lighting and plush couches- very comfortable . lots of flat-screen tv 's as well , and unless you go on karaoke night , it 's hardly ever crowded . you can eat ( the food is good ) and you can smoke ( since they 're affiliated with the restaurant upstairs which does n't let you smoke they can get away with that ) . but , when there are other bars in the area that charge $ 2 for a beer 24 7 and you 're charging $ 3 for a beer during happy hour and even more outside happy hour , it 's kind of a deal killer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the downstairs bar is a neighborhood spot with a loungey vibe -- rare for off-strip and henderson . it 's vox without the pretentious servers and menu , fado without the overpriced beer . it features big , comfy couches , flat-screen tvs and a curvy serpentine bar that 's inviting and fun to sit at and gamble or talk to the bartenders . which brings me to the staff . they 're friendly without fail and keep refilling your glass if you 're running just a little money through the bartop machines . they also seem to know when you 're looking to chat a little and when you just want to sip your drink and play . sadly , the business it has been generating does n't seem to match what it has to offer . i 'd recommend this bar to anyone venturing to this part of the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of panera . i like that i can find something here for breakfast , lunch or dinner . the options are relatively healthy , but you can always find something a little unhealthy too . you can pick two . a combination of sandwich and or soup and or salad . pick two . good stuff . great selection of sandwiches , panini 's and soups . they also have fresh baked goods , bagels , espresso drinks , fresh teas and fruit smoothies . prices are pretty reasonable and if you have a panera card you can get free pastries cookies or drinks after a certain number of purchases . this location is cool . it gets busy and parking can be rough at times , but the staff is good and i 've never had an issue . i like coming here . it 's a good place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of panera , especially the one on fairview near southpark mall . i think this one is managed a lot better than the one on providence , at least from my experiences the past couple months . the breakfast sandwiches are pretty tasty , i like the sausage , egg and cheese on ciabatta bread . they also have bacon or you can get it meatless . i have n't tried many of the bagels besides the free samples , but they seem to be good as well . all locations have wifi and do n't block anything you should regularly need to get to . they unfortunately serve pepsi products . only complaint is they could have some more variety for their breakfast sandwiches , maybe offer some on bagels or different types of combinations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the good : what can i say - good coffee , good soups salads , good sandwiches , good pastries . lots of seating options.friendly service . quick lunch option . order your lunch online and pay in advance to use the express pick up service . the downside : wifi is really slow , sometimes people sit there all day working like it 's their office which cuts down on the number of tables available - this location seems to have more of that because of it proximity to businesses in the area . lunch time rush can be pretty hectic and the parking lot is shared with the att store and some other stores that have a lot of traffic , so finding a spot is not always easy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's panera bread , nothing too surprising other than the ridiculously crowded parking lot during the business lunch rush . it just goes to show you how hard up the south park area is for a great sandwich shoppe . do n't expect to be wow 'd here , it 's pretty straight forward . the outside seating area is pretty nice even though its directly positioned on the busy fairview road . about the best feature of this place is the scenery if ya catch my drift ; - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the asiago cheese bagels , but not a big fan of their sandwiches or salads , nor their very limited sides , especially at their high prices . for $ 8 hubby got the smokehouse turkey panini , which was okay , and the side was a bag of chips . my strawberry poppyseed & chicken salad , while large , was meh . the chicken was not seasoned or tasty at all . i could n't even eat half .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty poor service compared to other panera 's i have been to . staff is friendly enough but not enough workers at peak times and they do n't spread out their registers so people bunch up . also struggle to keep up with popular items . just so so . i 'll go elsewhere next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "definitely a panera fan . i ate breakfast here not to long ago on my way to an appointment for work in the southpark area . had my usual 'breakfast power sandwich . ' a great way to start the day . this location is convenient to southpark , but it 's a little hard to get in and out . granted all the intersections in that area are fairly busy , so they probably planned it out correctly . you can easily see it from the street , but then ( if driving ) it may be difficult to figure out where you need to go to park , but once you do it once , it 's pretty easy . free wifi ... and a good place for warm food , studying , or meeting people out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "deliciously simple & sweet . loved the mac & cheese & my turkey avocado sandwich was filling . lovely choice of teas , coffee , and pop . the desserts are great as well . clean atmosphere in a convenient location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch pick 2 for me and the wife order taken by mike ... ..panera is like burger king , mcdonalds or any other food chain , you get what you expect and nothing fancy , standard soups , and sandwich , want to try the soba bowls but can not imagine it would be better than a a true pho . i will keep coming back because the wife likes it but it is never special in anyway shape or form . but consistently decent or as the review sex a-ok !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . took them over 30 minutes to refill the coffee pot.. still sitting here waiting actually . panera sucks why did i come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place , well maintained , as all panera 's a girl named evelina helped me , she is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place but the parking situation can be nuts . there is parking on the side which is helpful . power breakfast sandwich is very good and healthy . it can be a tad on the pricey side . over 6 bucks for a small sandwich and bottle water , but i guess you are paying for atmosphere a little . popular spot for business meetings . ca n't imagine how much business gets done here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "addicted to the black bean soup , thats all i have to say !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here because i love the locations i normally visit in ny however , the service and food here is a bit different . for some reason , most times that i have gone here , they have either forgotten something or messed something up ... once it was a burnt panini and another time is was my sides ... i will say that the manager always resolves whatever issue comes up and the food is still pretty good . good deals if you have their loyalty card -- always get some sort of coupon when i visit !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for a quick bite to eat . i know they have a parking attendant in the parking lot because of how busy it gets but my office is across the street so i can luckily walk . it does get pretty noisy and crowded around lunch time but if you order online you can get in and out quick . havent had anything i dont like and will continue to frequent for lunch during the work week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times , because it is in walking distance from my office . every time i have gone the salad has been wilted . how you charge someone almost 9 bucks for a salad , and then give them a bunch of brown wilted lettuce is beyond me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love panera ! the quality is always good , especially since it is so fast . i like that the nutrition facts are easy to find . there is a pretty good variety of choices as well . great place to pop into on a time crunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this panera knows what 's happening . at 7am , they have this place fully stocked for professionals grabbing breakfast and lunch at the same time . everyone is on point . boom . it still takes a bit of a wait to get that sandwich made but these guys at least have a system and a staff ready for ya .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "changed hands in 2011 and promptly went out of business on poor new ownership . too bad , the old brokers was a scottsdale classic !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not much of a drinker or a bar guy , but this little place is comfortable , and it has some charm . outdoors seating is nice in season . they have a decent beer selection and the food - while it is classic bar food - is above average imho . when i say classic bar food - i do n't mean that it is limited to burgers or wings . they do a pretty good dinner here - including some serious steaks and such if memory serves . i would say this is more of a wine and hard liquor joint . my wife likes it and she is into wine . the decor is classic dark bar , and it is small . so , very cozy ad close , one time we were there , there were folks gathered around some of the patio tables playing cards and backgammon . not the kind of fraternizing i am used to in phx , and quite welcome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place , great atmosphere . nice place for a guys night out , upscale pub feeling . the sliders there are fantastic , and are fillet mignon . wine list that ca n't be beat , and bartenders have a large repitoir of jack daniels drinks . large , wrap around patio is climate controlled , and cigar friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't been here but i seen the episode of barnyard builders the owner went out to pa they all tore down and old bank barn episode was cool now that i finally know where the restaurant is i can go lol . i ca n't wait to see what he did and how the restaurant looks : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great selection of merchandise here . staff are friendly and helpful . upon entering this store , you know you 're in a girly store with all the sweet aromas . there is always some kind of sale going on here , although i ca n't say that most of their deals are good , unless you buy a lot . with that said , i 'm usually able to find what i 'm looking for . i 've purchased many a gifts here for really good prices . i dare to say that they 're cheaper than bath and body works , if you happen to be there at the right time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i walked in to this store , which i have never been before , and were immediately greeted with a warm , `` hi , welcome to crabtree & evelyn ! how may i help you ? '' . the friendly deon helped us out while looking for some last minute christmas gifts . procrastinating never helps , i do n't know why i never learn , i will eventually , i hope . anyways , i had a few questions on why this soap was so much better than others and deon was all over the opportunity to school this , uneducated soap shopper . he was like a soap sommelier , he was on point ! when someone knows so much about soap and they are able to enlighten you about why you should know more , you 're instantly hooked . he did his store proud . we walked out with great products and a good understanding of triple milled soap . thanks deon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "master jojo 's dojo kicks butt ! my husband and i love this place and when we have our little ones , i 'm sure they will love it too : ) great atmosphere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i signed up for joe 's kick boxing lessons . he 's good at pushing us to our limit , but knows when to back off when we can go no further . he speaks to us with respect instead of yelling like i 've seen many instructors do . he 's encouraging in all his mannerisms . if there is something i just cant physically do , we do a lighter session to work my way into gaining my own strength . i highly recommend joe . he 's personal and learns his students name . its not just a paycheck to him like most studios . a+++++++++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've known the teacher of ageless karate for over a decade now . his enthusiasm , dedication , love and strong desire to share this martial art truly inspires me . what i really liked about the class was the added fitness training along with good moral values which are taught to the students . the children all seem to really have a strong respect for their teacher here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , convenient appointments , and took me back to `` the chair '' as soon as i walked in ( no waiting ! ) . i 'm a happy customer ! located in the safeway shopping center .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . the doctor left me with minimal to no pain . he was honest about my options and gave me professional unbiased advice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keeping them pearly whites in business since 1999 thank you dr. ford , kris & team for your patience and reliability . my sister & i live in scottsdale , the rest of my family in prescott and we all make the drive to legends for our bi-annual cleanings . i 've heard horror stories about other dentists in the valley and wont be taking my chances . it has been the same friendly staff working at legends since i was in braces 11 years ago.. & i 've never once had a bad experience . let 's be real . going to the dentist is not at the top of anyone 's list of favorite things to do - but chya got ta do it ! & i choose & will always choose dr. ford and his team . five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff ! ! ! the girls are sooo nice ! ! i 've never had an irrational fear of the dentist so it makes my visits easy but this place is awesome . super high tech and clean ! ! only down side i can find is that they wont take my care credit because i didnt have enough work done or something : ( but i love the staff : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . the front office staff is so friendly and accommodating . my kids always get their appointments at the same time , and get taken back together . dr. ford is a nice guy , i have never felt like he is trying to push unnecessary work like many other dentists do . they are also open one saturday a month which is super convenient for having school aged kids . thank goodness they are in network for my insurance once again ... .i temporarily switched insurance and had to go to a different dentist , what a nightmare that was . so glad to be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff , friendly , fun and let me know what was happening every step of the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dentist . dr ford is very nice . love his front office girls .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love diners . i love breakfast food . i love independently owned anything . in spite of john 's diner having all of these ingredients , it proved to be the perfect storm for one of the most uncomfortable experiences of my dining life . i hate to have to write this review , but i was so appalled that people like this place i had to protest . it was filthy ( i got a coffee mug with hot-pink lipstick caked on it ) , outdated , muggy , falling apart , the coffee was weak and the food was cheap - in quality and price . you say no-frills . i say the setting of a horror movie right before everyone gets murdered . i left with a new desperation to take a shower . i 'm so sorry , i wanted to like it . save yourself the discomfort and visit the real no-frills diners of lakewood : the place to be and the coffee pot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here often . when i lived in virginia i would come to john 's diner whenever i visited my mother . you say greasy ? then you never ate southern food which is simple boiled or baked anything loaded with grease and or sugar and or salt . john 's seemed then and does now like cleveland diner food my dad ate when he worked for the railroad . western sandwiches , hot roast pork on white bread with mashed potatoes and gravy , lemon meringue pie and sausage with eggs and home fries . no grits please . the fish fry every fridays beats any i have had to line up for in a church basement during lent . cleveland has lost many diners such as ruthie 's and moe 's while others have glamorized such as the clifton diner . thanks to whoever is keeping john 's going with the same food and the simple interior and the same diner prices . maybe lipstick on a pig fools some people but the rest of us knows a diner is a diner is a diner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john 's has the most delish corned beef hash in town ! yeah , the coffee mugs have lipstick stains and the forks are n't the cleanest , but places like these are called `` greasy spoons '' for a reason . in the words of bart simpson , `` this ai n't the ritz . '' their staff is super friendly . you never need to ask for coffee refills . and they have the best , most yummy coffee creamer ! not hazelnut , carmel macchiato or anything frou frou . just a very enjoyable cup 'o joe ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "john 's is a fixture in lakewood and a great place to get some home cookin ' . you 'll get good basics here-eggs , burgers , blt 's , etc . i 'm less sure of fancier grub here and that holds true for diners in general . love the old diner feel here . this is a classic train car style diner with the long counter and booths . your coffee cup will never go empty and the service is almost always fast and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "old fashioned dinner car . if you are looking for a solid plate of old fashioned belly filler , consider this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry to say i only just got to john 's diner for the first time this weekend . this is the archetype of a greasy spoon diner . it 's been around forever ( apparently at least since the 1930 's ) , is well worn , a little cramped , dirt cheap , and delicious . we went for breakfast on a sunday , and were really happy to find a simple , classic , menu of breakfast fare ( with an option of dinner-served all day ) . eggs , meat ( including country-fried steak ! ) , pancakes , gravy , etc . - you know the drill . sit down , someone will take your order soon , and shortly thereafter it will arrive on some well-used dishes for you to devour . a little while later , a bill will arrive on your table and you 'll be surprised at how little your full belly cost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . do not walk in expecting to be amazed . i guess you just need to wrap your head around exactly what john 's diner really is . yes , there are lipstick stains on the cups from time to time , and yes , much of the menu is crossed out and rewritten in pen . the place is pushing 80 according to review from a newspaper hanging on the wall . you get what you pay for in this case , but it is charming if you are in the right mindset . it 's fun . do not order dinner food , it will be gross . they serve breakfast all day , and that is what they know how to do . also : their home fries are heavenly . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "breakfast was n't too good here , bacon kinda in edible , but the people working were really nice , my bf loved his omelette but i just did n't like mine : ( my potatoe hash was so oily i mean like pizza oily .. :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very small , but delicious food and good price . the owner is a super nice guy . when you get an omelette as big as your head and it 's ~ $ 6 you know you have found your breakfast place to be . this all being said , sometimes service can be a little slow , but nothing too bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john 's diner is your typical family diner , that is inexpensive with good tasting food . and it 's a real american classic diner ! also , i would much rather support an affordable , good quality locally owned and run 'mom and pop ' restaurant , instead of those overrated and rapaciously expensive national chains .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i 'm in the cleveland lakewood area i stop here . it gives you an old-time diner feel with excellent food and service . the prices are great and i always leave filled from the amount of food included . highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kind of place that makes lakewood a great place to live . food decent and service is kind- kept coffee hot and did n't rush us . place is like a trip back in time - a classic 80 year old diner with mahogany panels everywhere . it 's shaped so you do n't feel crowded even though it 's long and rectangular . years ago it was always too smoky but no longer thanks to smoking ban ! cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so my girlfriend and i walked into this ... `` establishment . '' we took a seat at the only available spot on the bar . the employee dynamic was miserable at best . they were arguing with each other in front of the customers , suggesting that they all hate each other . i watched a woman give the customer the wrong change ... probably because their cash register is from the 1920s . the younger of the three women was yelling into the kitchen `` i 'm not going to serve fatty bacon . get your shit together . '' i left before they even had a chance to take my order ( which was easily 10 minutes after i sat down ) . i will never be coming back again . it looks like it 's not just the chef that needs to get his shit together ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only reason i did not give this place a single star is because i appreciate its history in the area and building itself is like eating in a time machine . however , the food here is just not good ... and yes i have only ordered breakfast . my eggs were undercooked as was my bacon . additionally , my coffee cup had lipstick stains on it . in the words of dr . evil `` that 's just gross . '' if you want to go to a real diner in cleveland where you can actually order anything on the menu and expect an awesome meal ... go to george 's kitchen ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the boyfriend and i ate here last year and want to go back but due to the cash only policy , we forget about the place often , which is a shame . good food and you get more than you pay for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the absolute most disgusting food i ever attempted to eat in my life . i would not feed this food to my dog or a stray one on the verge of death for that matter . the coffee was cold , the water had a stench and an after taste , the soup was cold but i was able to choke it down . the food was rotten ! the steak which i didnt expect to be the greatest smelled rotten and tastes sour , the gravy was old lumpy and foul . i have never once went to an establishment order 4 different menu items and everyone take 2 bites get sick to their stomach and not eat . the fact that the waitress took 4 plates not even touched filled with food back and not question was beyond me . we all got sick from our 2 tasting bites and i am probably going to call the health department . i didnt even want to give this place 1 star . i would rather eat the scraps thrown into a dumpster from a gas station then to ever go to this place again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once again it was great ! went there for breakfast today . spoke to john as i always do . what a nice guy . i have been going there 32 years . i had the `` john 's omelette '' with mushrooms , cheese , tomato , onion , and hash browns-excellent ! my son had the `` crab meat omelette '' he said it was great also . i ca n't believe all the breakfast selections , so many omelettes . so many choices and less $ $ than all the others . you like home cooking ? go to john 's diner , that cozy at home feeling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 star .. for 1 word = gross this entire place is filthy .. dusty .. sticky .. & it smells horrible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an old time diner with lots of character , but not much attention is paid to the food . cheap quick fuel us the reason to eat here . i just with the food was even a little better . nice staff , though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent crab cakes ! the prices are super fair and the service is very friendly . classic diner feel in a converted train car", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to update my review , the last few times i 've been in here it 's smelled so much like sewage when i walked in i had to leave . the area where you eat is very dirty , makes you wonder what the area you do n't see looks like . i wish they would clean and possible update and raise their prices if they have to , otherwise i ca n't eat here anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "john 's is like stepping back in time ... in all the best ways ! the food is simple but well-prepared . the portions are generous . the service is friendly and attentive . and the prices , well , unbelievably easy on your wallet . case in point : the special breakfast : 2 french toast slices ( or pancakes ) ; 2 slices bacon ; 2 sausage links ; and 2 eggs prepared to order ... $ 4.95 ! ! i almost feel guilty ordering it . definitively a unique place with old-fashioned values .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've heard this place is amazing , but unfortunately had one of the worst dining experiences of my life . we stopped in for dinner and were the only customers in the place . they were out of the specials that were hand-written on a paper in our menus . we heard the cook complaining about how he was tired of serving terrible food . we had chicken noodle soup with no chicken in it . food was nearly inedible . i 'd be willing to try this place for breakfast , but will never be back for lunch or dinner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . it has that classic diner feel . the food is very good , comes out fast , and they give you a lot for the money . and speaking of money , the food is all cheap ! i usually get the breakfasts , and the corn beef hash is the best i have ever had . the other breakfast items i have tried are all great as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the midst of a cozy town is a cozy diner . this is a no frills place . piles of food flying off the grill straight to the hungry locals . hungry ? try the corn beef hash , this mountain of tender beef and potatoes , topped off with a crown of eggs , will fill you up for cheap . coffee is hot , service is ornery , food is awesome . one star off for the facilities , they are definitely showing the age , and it bugged me a bit that the air vents were `` fuzzy '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its an old school diner , a good atmosphere and the food is good if you like greasy spoons . no frills . i 've been going here since i was 7years old and always have a good time and a full stomach at a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always go there on sundays for breakfast , the food is ok the people who works here are very nice , nothing special , just dinner food . its cheap and convenient , nothing out of the ordinary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your standard old-school breakfast diner . the staff is mostly older but they make sure you 're taken care of . prices are very reasonable and portions are generous . my friend and i make it our regular spot on sunday mornings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have always loved john 's . do n't go there often , it is indeed greasy , but the breakfast is great . however , the past three times we went there it smelled really bad . kind of sewer-y . first time we thought , oh well . went back a month or two later , still the horrible smell . asked about it and were told the pipes were leaking . that was n't too comforting . gave it a few months and went back , thinking surely it would be fixed by then . but it was n't . and the place looked dirty to boot . figured we may as well give up at that point .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. keller operated on my 85 year old mother with dementia . he replaced her knee and not surprisingly , she could bend it farther before the surgery ! her dementia has made it impossible to rehab the knee property . he also put her on 2 weeks of antibiotics before surgery due to a uti ; combined with antibiotics afterward plus a stint in rehab , she winds up with c diff . it 's now 6 weeks post surgery and she has spent all but 3 days in either the hospital or rehab . at her follow up appointment he yelled at my dad for keeping her in rehab . there is something seriously wrong with this man .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ironic his nurse trys to schedule surgery without anyone meeting the surgeon . my mother that is 73 went to see this dr kellers in which with her other knee replacement went to rehab facility . when she mentioned this to this dr he yelled `` we do n't go or support nursing homes . '' my mom explained it was rehab n he says same difference n we ca n't do business n left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not very impressed with dr. keller himself . he did n't take time to listen to what the patient wanted . his idea of conservative treatment was `` pain pills and do n't do whatever hurts it . '' being in the healthcare field i know plenty of pts that would cringe at that advice . i will definitely be getting a second opinion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i asked them for pricing as i wanted to gift hair service to a friend on her birthday . the first person i spoke with did n't understand me and said the manager will call me back . two days later the manager still had n't called , so i decided to call instead . while talking with her , i started to feel as if it was going to be a hassle , as she seemed hesitant to book the service and charge my card over the phone . in short , customer service needs to be improved . i ended up , booking hair service at another salon within minutes of hanging up . it was n't as close to my friends home but the service over the phone was much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although my cut and colour went well which i was happy about the lady i had was ok i guess but she called my eye brows bushy so i got them done . i wanted to anyways and she said i looked old when everyone says i look old but everyone who knows me says i look young . she could barely carry a conversation me maybe because she did n't know me well not sure ? or just because ? but seemed to with everyone else . she was pleasant though over all . but it seemed like a lot of time . i was happy with the cut and colour though which is why it got stars . it did take 4 hours when they said an hour and a half . i am not sure what to make of the experience except to say it was alright .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible terrible hairstylists ! i 100000000000 % completely agree with the person who posted below with photos of their hair . leah ruined my hair . had to go back and get it re-done by another stylist michelle who gave me slightly silver hair but that turned green in two weeks ' time . this is $ 300+ later . never went back for any other services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love what manpreet does to my hair . she 's always so attentive and does exactly what i ask for . amazing hair treatments and eyebrow threading . the prices are rather high though , so better be ready )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this store located right in downtown belmont . it has consignment and new items . many high end consigned items . i oohh and aahh everytime i go in . the nicest consignment boutique i have ever been in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i like the place , love the staff . some good finds price wise . what i did not like it that i was told to download the app for a discount and i did and then showed it to them and never got a discount . i did not relize until i was speaking to my daughter after we left . she said they did the same thing to her and then told her she can use the app discount later on another visit . hello ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "poor customer service ! they put ads in magazines about discounts and then do not honor them . most importantly they cheat their consignors . i consigned a pair of prada boots i paid $ 1200 for at neiman marcus and told them not to take lesa than $ 300 for them because i ca n't take less than $ 150 or i would do better posting them for sale on ebay otherwise . when they did sell they informed me they got $ 80 for them and my share was $ 50 . they acted as if they were doing me a favor because they give 50 percent split on high end merchandise . this was so upsetting that i did n't shop there for 2 years . when i went back in the other day the daughter confronted me about it saying they have a stellar reputation and sorry it did n't work out the way i wanted it . she was rude and disrespectful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some very good finds here . i 've gotten my girlfriend some good designer items for holidays birthday etc . for pretty low prices . no need for the mall anymore . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really wanted to like this place , but just ended up with issue after issue . first of all , let it be known that they have a loyalty plan that rewards people for good reviews on their google and yahoo listings . we did the complimentary initial consultation plus the two discounted adjustments . after the consultation they presented us with an $ 1800 treatment plan for three months of work and seemed surprised and puzzled when we did n't just automatically sign on . dr b was wonderful and sweet , but the initial adjustments were pretty quick and generic . also , they billed my insurance for what was supposed to be a free consultation and $ 25 adjustment . ended up costing me $ 45 out of pocket and my insurance another $ 150 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. b is an angel . she is the best chiropractor i have ever met . unfortunately she is only there one day a week now and the current staff just does n't give the same time and attention that dr. b did .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr b has moved down to part time and her replacement dr. ryan is good . however we really miss dr b and the way she ran things in that office . old review : dr b and staff are awesome . it feels very much like family when i go for my visits . i feel better then i have in years since seeing dr b. im referring my husband , aunt and kids . she runs a very child friendly office !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walmart as a chain is okay . his particular walmart is horrible . i have been here several times , and each time i have not been happy with the selection , the service or the attitude of the employees . go to the walmart on dobson and 8th street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this auto center negative five stars ... i would . i 'm the type of person who runs on a tight schedule . so when someone tells me it will take however long to do anything ... i take that into consideration when i 'm planning my ever so busy day . so i went to get my oil changed this morning ... . 25 minutes they said . it would be quick they said ... ... two hours later i 'm looking for answers . arms crossed ... foot tapping . why has n't any one came out and updated me on the new time ? ? ? as a matter of fact i had to get a bit snappy with the front desk associate in order for her to give me an eta . anyway doe ... .. i missed my daughters spelling bee competition all because of this company . # neveragain", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i also would give this walmart auto center zero stars . had my car towed here because of two flats and checked into the office and then when i was finally got checked in with a technician he told me it would be a 3 1 2 to 4 hour wait because there were other cars that checked in before me . there were only two cars in front of me in sight and they said they had several cars that were scheduled before . i was furious because if i knew the wait time i would have towed my car to another tire shop . low and behold i am in fact still waiting 4 hours later my car is finally being serviced to . the staff is overwhelmed and the whole place is just a mess . if you want to avoid wasting a day and headache go elsewhere . will never be giving walmart a penny of my money again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been sitting in their tire department for an hour now . whoever was supposed to be working in the tire and lube express area decided they did n't want to come to work today . i 've got a flat and am stranded here and he stellar employees they have took the day off . unbelievable . do not come to this walmart expecting anything more than a headache and a heap of frustration .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i swear i do n't know why i keep coming back , i think it 's the cheap ass prices but not the long lines and very unhelpful staff . and when you finally get to the front of the line because i guess its a rule to have 100 ppl waiting in line and have 1 reg . lane open 1 express lane for people with 1 items or less ? ? ? ? ? who comes here for less than fifteen items ? ? if you need a drink or tissue paper go to a cvs less lines and probably better service ! ! ! here 's a tip ! since the employees here are so damn lazy if you bring up an item to the register and it does n't have a price tag , you get to play guess the price and you get the item for half the price you thought it would be . your welcome .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once again i am disappointed by the lack of adequate staffing at the local walmart . i just wander around till i find what i need because there is no one to ask . and do n't get me started on the check out lines . why do i have to wait so long to give them my money ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walmart has always been open for 24hrs . it says it on their phone line as well as the website . i get to the store at 530a and it 's closed and wo n't be open until 6am . the employees tell you this as if you should have known . walmart has always been known as the place to get groceries at late night hours , where you would see weirdos and tweakers and that was the best part .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all wal-marts suck . this one especially is an anomaly . around easter , they got rid of the lamb shanks they sold at $ 7 each and replaced them with a huge rack of lamb , wait for it ... for $ 40 ! ! ! on the same visit , i saw a cardboard display with a bin full of 50 cent spices . i think `` all right , found a deal '' . wrong . happened to notice the ingredients on so-called `` lemon pepper '' and the list read like a chemistry book . when i buy $ 1 spices at fry 's , i do n't have to read the ingredients to know what i 'm getting . regardless of the number of items in your cart , one thing or a mountain of stuff , it takes 30 minutes to get through a line . that was my last shopping experience at any wal-mart and it 's been a few years . i value my sanity .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worse walmart i ever been too . rude , the staff is not helpful . if you think about going for ammo do n't bother . it takes about 20-30 mins to get someone , you will tell two or three people to call someone to open the case , and no one has the keys . worse place ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service ! ! people at customer service were rude ! ! store is dirty and they give you a hard time with returns or exchanges . i had to go to another walmart that did not hassle me for my return . do n't shop at this walmart ! ! i will be calling the main corporate number ! ! should get zero stars ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this wal-mart is going downhill fast . they let people in with no shirts , all sorts of animals , not service animals , but pets , cats and dogs , just ride in the carts . i love animals , but they do not belong in the store , i 'm not talking about service animals . let me make that clear . but these days , they just wander the store with kittens and puppies , dogs riding in the carts . uncalled for ! and security at the door is a joke ! ! they just let then through . no shirts no service is apparently a thing of the past too . men and boys in just shorts , no shoes , it 's not even a place i enjoy shopping at anymore . you 've gone from a family store to a dump .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we barely had 20 seconds walking into the store before we had to turn around and walk out . the smell was just absolutely horrifying . if i had to describe it i 'd say it smelled like rotten burnt hair", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wo n't give them any stars but to be able to rate you have to give one or more ! ! ! ! this store looks nice on the outside . now that is where ( nice ends ) ! we travel all over the usa and walmarts are everywhere and we know what to expect . so we thought , this is not so at this store at 240 baseline rd . mesa az . this store has the filthiest restrooms in the usa ! ! i feel bad for those that have to work there . but i really feel bad for their guests . if they just knew they could shop anywhere else and be treated as a guest , as they deserve ! ! this store has dropped to ball . we will never return and my advice is you go to another walmart . until they retrain management staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was told that walmart is no longer doing price matching . what in the world walmart ! that 's why i would always come shopping at your locations . now that i can not price match and save money , why would i want to go to your stores and spend my life away waiting in your lines .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took forever ( 20 minutes ) . where were the register employees . when you think of all the negative things related to walmart , its all true because of the lack or register employees . 1pm in the afternoon . midnight , i understand , but 1 in the afternoon ? get more self scan register . i do n't plan on going here again . i can think of other places to waste my time . dislike", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this walmart sucks ! i was trying to find the mp3 players and when i finally spotted someone to help me . she gave me the `` wait '' finger hardly looking my way and walks off . she never came back ! i sear i hate the monopoly walmart creates in this economy . they take over and treat the customers like crap , but we keep coming back to save money ! smh ! walmart holds they customers hostage with their low pricing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i know it was the weekend before christmas , but this was nuts ! i am disabled and have a very hard time walking a lot sometimes . no electric carts to be found . when i asked , the associate said they did n't have any . talk about being disabled unfriendly ! never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lol what a joke . i ordered online and went to pick it up . first off nobody even knew where online orders were picked up . we found it ourselves . then took forever to get assistance . do n't online order here . it 'll be faster to get it if you order online .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hardly ever do i review a place based on smell alone , but here goes : this walmart consistently smells like a sewage line burst and no one ever got around to mopping it up . secondly , had to wait for 10 minutes for someone to show up to help me at online order pickup . when i got there , she initially would n't give it to me ... because it was in my wife 's name , and even though my wife added me as an alternate pickup , it did n't show in their system . lastly ... why was the employee 's kid hanging out behind the counter ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no cashiers on at all , self checkout only , what a cluster-f'ing mess . it would n't have been so bad if the stupid things worked , but that is apparently too much to ask . if there was anything else open nearby , i would seriously go someplace else . but nightshifters around here are stuck with freaking walmart .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is your typical walmart . i would have given it 4 stars ; but , i came to this location to pickup an item i purchased online and when i got there it was n't assembled . i live 20+ minutes away and was told it would take 4-5 hours to assemble it . with that kind of wait time , i was n't going to `` shop around . '' so i went home and waited for them to call me and let me know my grill had been assembled . dave , was the associate helping me and he was very friendly . i only wish i had to go to the store once and not twice : that would have inspired a 4 star rating . ; ) on a side note , someone really needs to change the cover photo . lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "out of all the walmarts i 've been too i hate this one the most and it is mismanaged from the top-down . it 's always the same thing . they consistently fill in the gaps with over stocked items . it reeks of desperation of trying to unload un-wanted inventory on me . basically , trying to get me to buy what they want , and not what i want . its no way to run a store . what 's even worse through the check out they ask if you found everything okay . like a fool i waste my time explaining to them what they we 're out of .they either have no reply or just the half-hearted sorry . there are far better run walmart 's then this one that do keep correct inventory and have employees that actually care . stay away if you can", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice staff that help me find what i need and fast check out i 'm coming back to this store people that welcome were so nice and funny", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this walmart always has a bad stench right when you walk in . the whole store smells like sewage . their bathroom is really dirty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually i do n't like walmart except for their dirt cheap prices . no one is around to help you . each store has a different layout . each store does n't even carry the same items ! but this one has a fabric section so i gave it an extra star . because a lot of walmarts do n't have fabric sections , and i needed a measuring tape . for once , walmart did n't disappoint me . however , it 's still disappointing to have only 3 registers open and about 40 people in line . i mean seriously , where are all the employees ? oh yeah , you did n't hire any . and no one gives a crap when they are paid nothing . almost next to nothing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't for the life of me , understand why they have so many closed registers . i 've never come to this walmart & waiting less than 10 minutes to checkout . however , the huge selection of items & competitive pricing keep me coming back ; not to mention it 's around the corner from me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this walmart is smelly trashy and spooky . and now they have signs in spanish to pander to the mexicans . what a damn shame smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store looks plenty big from the outside and has the whole grocery section and all , but as i was looking for a few specific items i was shocked at how sparse their selection was compared to most if the other walmarts i 've been to . i did not find any motion sickness medicine at all . they have practically no inexpensive makeup brands like the ones designed for preteens , like wet and wild , olsen twins , etc . i was disappointed because i thought it would be a piece of cake to run in here and grab what i came after . instead it took a long time to establish that they did n't have much of what i came for . i 'll have to try again at the riverview location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your typical wal-mart ... lots of confusion , barely any open registers to pay , and clueless employees who do n't know where to find certain things when asked . i do n't expect them to know everything but when they are working the health and beauty section and you 're trying to find a certain type of makeup , you would think they would know their section pretty well . they mean well , but are just not that helpful . i avoid using the restroom in this store because it is always filthy in there ! i would rather hold it and go elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super stores are great for one stop shopping . i was able to grab a few tshirts . some foodie stuff and household items . the store was pretty clean . i did n't see much staff , except for one lady in and around the clothing area who kept talking to a friend or family member . she never acknowledged me or asked if i needed any assistance . sad day customer service wise . i liked that they had a deli , nail , hair and optical area . on top of the grocery area and regular goods . one stop does it all ... almost .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i liked this walmart because it 's built layed out just like the one in my home town in california . it 's also definitely nicer than any of the walmarts in tempe . and the workers ( the ones i did find ) were very helpful and kind : ) i mean , it 's walmart , so do n't go expecting high class here people . the one thing that kinda bugged me was it seemed they were out of stock of a lot of things . but i 'd come back if i was in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't really have a problem with this wal-mart , even though it is a little sketchy , but what wal-mart is n't ? my problem is with their assets protection aka ap . every time we 're there , they watch us , just lurking right around the corner . i understand your job is to watch suspicious people , but come on , at least make yourself less obvious . you guys really do stand out . and stop watching me . next time i see you , i will call you out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's walmart . i come here for the cheapness , the fact they practically have everything & oh ya the people of walmart brighten my day", "score": "3"}
{"review": "who am i kidding . i can give walmart a low rating but will i go back ? of course ! walmart has everything . you name it , they have it , and that 's the best thing about them is that you can pick up automotive parts , electronics , toys , furniture and go grocery shopping all under the same roof ! just beware ! i 'm sure you 've heard of the old adage : you get what you pay for . meaning , if you skimp on price , you 'll skimp on quality . walmart is a perfect example of this ! even on their 'higher end ' products that you can find at true higher end stores , walmart must get the bottom of the barrel ones and pass the savings ( ie lower quality ) on to you ... but if you are on a tight budget walmart is the place for you . just do n't complain when you have to replace what you bought after a year ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "find another doctor asap ! this ent came highly recommended , yet it was the most horrendous experience i have ever had with a doctor . unprofessional , atrocious bedside manner . i was literally `` kicked out '' of the office by him for asking too many questions . this happened years ago and i still remember it to this day . i 've just been waiting for a site to review him on . go elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. cohen has been treating me and my family for many years . when i was 12 ( now 43 ) , dr. cohen removed my tonsils and adenoids and those of my brother , who was 6 at the time . he also performed the same surgery on the children of family friends , all of whom had good experiences with dr. cohen . when i was 16 , dr. cohen performed a septoplasty , which relieved the breathing issues i was having . he has removed the tonsils and adenoids of both of my children as well as the tonsils of my ex-husband . i would recommend him to anyone considering an ent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got right in for an urgent matter-when others i called had a month wait . he knew what to do , walked me through everything , communicated throughout and was thorough . he was warm and put me at ease , great sense of humor-which i appreciated . staff were friendly and prompt in attending to calls , follow ups , paperwork and scheduling . he also helped my mom years ago and she too had a good experience . you can tell he 's been doing this for years , very confident and capable . hopefully my healing will go as well as my appointment today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this doctor was wonderful ! on time as scheduled ! easy to get into and had a warm , hilarious sense of humor ! he was thorough and did n't feel rushed . his staff was excellent and friendly ! it seems like they have a lot of fun working there . i am not an actual patient but took a 93 year old with severe alzheimer 's . he made her laugh and gave her - her first hug from a dr , she was elated ! she was experiencing dizziness and nausea . he cleaned her ears and made her feel cared for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the places to sit down with friends and enjoy a few glasses of wine at an affordable price is limited in n. phoenix . although this place is a little on the cozy side ; the staff and wine selection is very good . if you are in need of food , they do offer some small cheese plates but beyond that you 'll want to plan ahead and eat before or after . some nights they have live music too so that is just another perk . i 'm on their email list and they regularly offer wine dinners if that is something you enjoy . it 's worth a visit for wine lovers and for wine newbies ... the staff will help you find a good wine if you need it . oh yea , check the website because they have wine tastings regularly too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here with friends with a groupon for a wine cheese chocolate tasting . i 'm not a huge fan of heavy red wines , but the selection here was really good and i was able to enjoy most of the tasting . our friends bought a bottle of wine and they chilled and opened it on the spot for us when we asked . the staff seemed very knowledgeable and the rating signs were helpful . they seem to focus more on smaller wineries and less on the well-known brands . overall , someplace that we would gladly go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a keeper . wine tasting , wine by glass , lovely small dishes for cleansing the pallet . comfortable , friendly . great meeting place with a friend to catch up , chat , and enjoy great wines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favorite local wine bar hang out ... especially when dan emrey plays ! i hold events here often as well and laura is always so gracious in participating in any fundraisers or community awareness gatherings . their wine is affordable and if you do n't know much about wine - they will teach you without being snobby . we love our vino 100 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great time ! for my birthday my husband and i redeemed a $ 20 groupon for a wine and cheese tasting and $ 10 off the purchase of 2 bottles of wine . i 'm glad we made a reservation , it was still early at 5:30 , but it was friday and within the hour the place was filling up . laura was very friendly and explained the concept as she set us up at a tasting table . after a while a gal showed up to give chair massages , another plus for me ! after our tasting we bought our wines and mentioned we were going for sushi next store . so that we would n't store our wines in the hot car , steve offered to hold our purchase behind the counter while we ate . when we came back an hour or so later , the place was really hopping ! i really like that the wines were affordable and from around the world . they also had a small selection of beers and bar accessories . all around it 's a nice place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonight was my second time here , but definitely not my last . friendly owner laura was awesome , i would go back just to chat with her about wine again . i plan to stop here for wine purchases regularly and shop small , this end to our evening was wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our group of 6 headed to vino 100 for mother 's day . while there was a mixup with the store about our reservation , the gentleman running the store that day was extremely accommodating and made sure our group had a great time and felt welcome . we were offered a cheese cracker plate and had 4 tastings - 2 white wines and 2 red . the store is simple , but cute with a great seletion of well-priced wines . the staff was very friendly , as i said accommodating , and very knowledgeable - providing detailed information about the wines we were drinking , as well as about wine in general . everyone loved the place and we 'll definitely be back . also a really fun way to celebrate mother 's day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great little spot ! came here with my sister to use a travelzoo deal that included 4 wine tastings , a cheese plate and $ 10 off a $ 25 purchase . the staff is super friendly and knowledgable . almost like you were hanging out in their home . we used the $ 10 off when we bought two bottles of wine that were recommended to us . also found out you can hold tasting parties there , which would be fun ! looking forward to going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best wine bar in phoenix ! ! i stopped by after grabbing some bbq and it is such a relaxing and cozy shop . we were n't sure what type of wine to get , so the owner stopped by to give us some recommendations . he introduced us to an awesome wine and we enjoyed it while listening to some live music . i think the best part of it all is how affordable it is . you can really enjoy some unique wines and have a great time with your friends ! ! make sure to give it a try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great place to enjoy a glass of wine while beating my hubby at a game played on our ipads via wifi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brilliant place to try new wines ! the owners are very knowledgeable and patient when it comes to selecting the perfect wine for you and explaining different tastes to you ! 5 5 , i wish phoenix would have more great tasting rooms like this one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited 5 25 13 we visited for the music event by ron matthews . this is a quiet little wine location . great for experience a quiet setting while having a bottle of wine . they have a very limited food menu but do allow you to bring in your own food , which we did . ( see number one brothers pizza review - in same center . ) their pricing for bottles of wine are very reasonable . they did not charge a corkage fee . this is not in my area of travel so would only likely return for another special event . but it is a nice location and opportunity to experience some nice priced wine and music .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute little shop . very friendly owner and staff . amazing deals ! 100 wines . $ 25 or less . we 've made some great finds and joined their wine club which gets us discounts off their already low prices . they also carry some wine related accessories and serve snacks like cheese plates ( not as good as my homemade ones but still ) . seems to have a lot of locals from the neighborhood that hang out regularly . not that i know them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad my hubby and i decided to stop by and check this place out . laura who is one of the owners was very welcoming and pleasant . we had a couple of flights and were very pleased . the wines laura carries are very reasonably priced and unique . she is very knowledgeable of the wines she has in her shop which makes the experience all that much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone in numerous times . great selections and customer service is exceptional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love vino 100 laura is amazing . all the wine i ever get is great and she really listens to what i like and i always love every bottle . she even delivers to me and to my clients when i want to send them gifts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , friendly place . we had a fun filled evening with friends one friday . the music was great , the wine wonderful . great selection of wines to please all tastes in a reasonable price range . down to earth nice people ! no wine snobs here ! go in for a tasting , and drink a bottle or two with friends . laura will take great care of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little wine bar in north phoenix . one of the best things about vino 100 is the owner , laura , seems to know and remember everyone . i went to buy a bottle one time , came back for the live music about a month later , and she knew me right away . the customers come for the wine , the wine advice , the great cheese plates paired with flights or tastings , the live music and the company ! i have been to the live music nights , and never leave without having made at least one new friend . this is a place to relax and enjoy the small and laid back atmosphere . not a wine snob locale ... a place for the wine enthusiast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite local wine shop ... .great people , great staff and great wine ! i think everyone should check it out ... worth the drive to lovely cave creek !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a groupon for the wine & truffle tasting . prior to eating and drinking , we looked around the store a bit and they seem to have a lot of unique items . the wines were good but i was disappointed that we got half a truffle per wine sample . they gave generous pours which was awesome but highlighted the fact that there was n't much chocolate . prior to the tasting , we ordered the cheese platter . it was tasty enough but seemed somewhat pedestrian ( if i can duplicate it with a trip to the grocery store , it 's pedestrian ) . the live music was nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an amazing little wine shop . it is so much more enjoyable to go to a small place like this and learn about wines and try samples than going to a big box total wine or bevmo . the employees and owners are very knowledgeable about their wines . the wines are well priced , and they won ; t stock a wine they do n't like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to go for a class of wine and a chat , and some music if going on . awesome priced wine , tastings are fun . i would definitely go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend of mine comes here all the time and if you read my other reviews you know i 'm a beer guy . laura carries different beers and every time i am there , it 's always a new flavor for me . i also wanted to thank laura for being generous to some of the charities i am involved with , she has hosted a few fundraisers and they are always a good time . my friends come and buy wine there and are never disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great time meeting friends here . wine selection was fine not to large to scare a newbie away . do n't invite a lot of friends seating is limited .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wine and truffles were great , need to be on the menu permanently ! very friendly and knowledgeable staff . great select of wine with good prices . will be back soon for more tasting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed a great lunch here . the food and service were excellent . the manager even gave our table a free tiramisu dessert to apologize `` for the salads taking a long time '' even though we were n't waiting more than five minutes . very reasonably priced as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a pricey store ! who can afford kittens or birds at $ 1000++ ? clearly someone can in etobicoke but for me , this store is large and expensive . i 'm not a big fan of pet stores since i 've heard too many horror stories of pet farms but the pets here seem to be very healthy , vibrant , and well taken care of . they have lots of selections from exotic cats ( bengals ) and parrots ( really expensive macaws ) to generic hamsters and bunnies . the staff here is quite patient with the constant flow of parents coming in with their toddlers to amuse them for at least 20 minutes at a time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have bought my pupy kismet from this store and she 's the best puppy that i 've ever owned . the staff were helpful and the dog belive it or not was healthy . she passed her exams at the vets with flying colors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as fas as walgreens goes , this one ranks just barely above the location on 35th avenue and camelback . the store is always a bit dirty looking . there is almost always only one cashier working and takes forever to get in and out of there . 3 stars because the pharmacy staff is really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this may very well be the scariest walgreen 's in all of existence ! lets set the scene . its saturday night at about 10pm . my sister and i are having a yard sale bright and early the next morning ... the hubs and i run out of stickers to price our sweet items . off to walgreen 's we go . i cant even begin to describe the clientele . they could have rivaled any of the people that you see on peopleofwalmart.com for freaken serious . the place was a shambles and there were seriously about 10 people in front of us in line . its dirty , its scary , i will not be going in there again . i will take my chances at a walmart next time , at least there i know what to expect !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always greeted , someone always available , and pharmacy very helpful . just wish the parking lot was n't so scary !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there was no public restroom to use even though i was a paying customer . i put my items back ... .plenty of other more courteous walgreens to go spend money at . disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so unprofessional no prices up and their excuse ? `` still putting stuff out ... no all your stuff is out and you give me a price before i check out but when i check out you change it and shrug your shoulders like no big deal do n't go here ! ! ! ! for any reason the people in charge to need to just fire everyone and get people who can actually do their jobs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "met a friend here for some day drinking and cocktails . they have a few beers on tap including some locals and some from a little further away . i enjoyed my wicked weed lunatic blonde and omb captain jack . the cheese plate was very nicely done and the mustard was excellent . they brew their own spirits here . the vodka was excellent . nice spot to sit with chairs here and there in smaller and slightly larger groups . a neat hangout if you 're looking for something other than simply beer from one of the great local breweries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for a quick evening cocktail and ended up staying for a quick bite . the cocktails were spot on and while it was a soft opening the service was nice and attentive ( granted there was only a handful of folks there ) . it 's great to have a local distillery to help diversify the seemingly endless breweries in town . the food menu may be short but they executed the sandwiches perfectly . we will definitely be frequenting this establish when it is fully up and running , and look forward to checking out the distillery operation when that is open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4.5 stars ! ! the broken spoke is a bar attached to the great wagon road ( gwr ) distillery . gwr is considered the oldest distillery in mecklenberg county ( charlotte , north carolina ) . their focus is on best spirits and local brews with some irish hospitality . vodka and whiskey are distilled at gwr distillery next door . i stopped by for drinks and tried the following 2 : - the broken spoke - gwr rua single malt , amaro montenegro , benedictine , orange zest - grapefruit mule - gwr vodka , ginger beer , lime , grapefruit with rosemary there are also other offerings such as drinks of the month , drinks for sundays at noon , liquer flight tastings , beers on tap , and wine ! i loved their atmosphere ! ! cool lights and leather couches ! ! i would definitely like to come back when i 'm in the area again . tip - you have to sign in at the guestbook before entering into the bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hot & new ! ! ! i love this place ! ! ! i attended a yelp event . it 's conveniently located near old mecklenburg brewery . very easy to find , parking is pretty convenient . of course , if your going out consider carpooling . the side street parking will fill up fast . i love the ambiance here ! the decor has a industrial , modern look . during the event , we had the honor and privilege of meeting the owner mr. ollie . he gave us a tour of the brewery . after the tour we sampled a few appetizers and beverages -- -be sure to order the drunken mule ! ! ! ! soooo refreshing ! ! ! the event was held upstairs , really nice area for a private space ! lounge couches and a private bar which is well stocked with local brews from nearby breweries . it 's nice to know there 's no competition . all the local breweries support one another . i 'm looking forward to coming here more often . summer 's coming ! ! ! i shall return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! we managed to snag a parking spot in their lot even though it seemed packed . that was just because everyone was huddled in the doorway waiting to sign in and pay their $ 1 for the `` private club '' entry fee . at 3:30 on a saturday afternoon it was full but not overwhelmingly so , and we were able to grab seats at the bar downstairs . i loved how light and airy everything felt , and the downstairs bar was beautiful with the light-wood grain . i also loved that , as a non-beer drinker , there was a full bar in the middle of brewery town . i got a couple of signature cocktails , the fella and i split the north carolina whisky vodka flight , and the fella got a couple of local beers . service was spot-on , drinks were great , and the atmosphere was relaxed and cozy . we eventually moved upstairs for a change of pace and loved the comfy chairs and couches up there . awesome addition to this part of town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has an awesome atmosphere and great ( though expensive ) drink menu , especially if you love whiskey . however , the service we received has to be the worst i 've ever had at any restaurant or bar . as a former waitress , i tried to give the most leeway possible , but it was absolutely terrible service . it took 20+ minutes to get a drink from the server upstairs during a not-so-busy evening ( for a friend 's birthday ) . when the drinks arrived , half were incorrect . we could see her from our seats doing nothing flirting with the other bartender behind the bar while we were waiting . also , the food , while delicious , is served in completely pathetic portions . other people in our party actually went next door to get food after seeing what we were served . i appreciate what this place is trying to do but the execution needs serious help for them to stick around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think this is a great idea . put a cool place , with lots of seating , big leather couches , etc , right between 2 major breweries . you already have a great crowd being drawn to this area , and you offer something slightly different to beer . they have their own distilled liquor here , and some nice one of kind drinks . the atmosphere is really nice . food is limited , but they do have a few options . they also have beer , although i think the reason to come here is to have something other than beer . it was pretty crowded when i was there , but we enjoyed the time spent with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "charlotte has a new upscale bar attached to the great wagon road distillery . it 's considered a `` members only '' club , so have your driver 's license and a dollar bill for your membership fee . inside are two floors with beautiful white oak bars , plenty of cushy chairs and sofas and a unique drink menu . the three spirits distilled by owner ollie mulligan of county kildare , ireland are rua , a single malt whiskey , ban ( white in gaelic ) vodka and drumlish , a 100 proof moonshine . the charcuterie tray is a perfect pairing with a flight of whiskey or scotch , or enjoy a panini or the soup of the day in a bread bowl . an expanded food menu is coming soon . the broken spoke is beautiful , vibrant and friendly . you will feel at home and relaxed while sipping your favorite spirit , wine or beer . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a networking event . very nice place . pay $ 1 for lifetime membership . seems to be an older crowd -40s+ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so different ! visited after a day of brewery touring and this was a breath of fresh air . gorgeous interior and lovely seating . friendly staff and exquisite mixed drinks . they even have beer and wine for non liquor drinkers . located conveniently across from omb as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "order the broken spoke from the broken spoke and you ca n't go wrong . it delicious . all of the whiskey and whiskey based drinks come with a giant square ice cube . it 's legit . the bartenders seem a step above most . classy and knowledgeable . it 's not often a place charges you 13 bucks for a drink and you feel like they did you a favor . also the gwr whiskey over ice is great as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a whim we dropped in and so glad we did ! ! nice on the inside , great selection of cocktails and they also have beer and wine . had some tapas ( shrimp tapas ) and they were delicious ! patio outdoor seating is nice and great for saturday day drinking . wine by the glass is a tad pricey and is limited to only pinot gris , chardonnay and prossecco when it comes to white wine . no biggie though ! ! enjoyed our time here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice rustic modern feel to the place ; and love the christmas tree right now which gives it a festive feel . room for groups to push some tables together as well as casual lounge seating . the drinks run on the sweet side , but generally our group liked them . important to note : they do n't take reservations and there is a $ 1 lifetime membership that is charged at the door ( but it can also be added to your tab )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding place ! excellent drinks and tasty small bites . ordered charcuterie and paninis and devoured them ! get the black pudding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . we came for a pop-up brunch this morning and later decided we had to try one of the craft cocktails . not only were the cocktails great ( minus the spiced rum punch ... not that it was bad , just not what we expected ... we were thinking of a rum runner and this came as a milky-type , spicy drink ) , the bartenders are wonderful and staff friendly . the atmosphere is fantastic . definitely try this out ... you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really neat space . the sofas and chairs are spaced in a way that makes you feel at home . only you have bartenders making really cool drinks . i have been here twice and enjoyed the atmosphere both times . on my latest outing , we had an area reserved for our party . they rent an area on the 2nd floor . the bartender was nice and greeted me upon arrival . at times he was super busy and not able to keep up . a bit disappointing since the space had been reserved , but when he got overwhelmed , others came to assist him . it was really busy and the whole place was crowded . they have a small food menu , however , i did n't order anything either time . they also have an outdoor patio and do tours of the distillery . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend threw me my 30th birthday at the bar , they let us rent out the whole top level and they let us bring in `` fake '' blackjack tables for my party . let me tell you i had a ton of friends there yelling as we were playing , and we were pretty loud but they did not mind at all . they were great . they had awesome service and everyone was super nice . the drinks were great and we all had a blast . it was a great place to have a group of friends there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited on a friday night at around 11pm . the place was 80 % full in the bottom bar section . the two bartenders were attentive though somewhat stoic . i had the irish whiskey flight and my daughter 's boyfriend had the bourbon flight . i thought a nice selection for the $ 16 price point . i think the bourbon may have been $ 18 or vice versa . we did n't have any food so no comment on that . my wife had a white wine and my daughter a rua cocktail . the drinks were fine . it was maybe because spirit quaffers tend to be a tad serious but the vibe was a bit stiff and quiet . maybe it was the time or more likely the crowd but we had our flights and left . i tend to get comfortable when uber is readily available but i did n't get the inner gnome call to stay a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome , creative cocktails . amazing food . great service- the kind of people who remember your drink from two weeks ago . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a business trip on a wednesday at 5 . very welcoming bartender and staff . they do not brew beer but they do distill vodka and whisky ( dangerous for a wednesday at 5 ) . great venue and selection on brews . the kind of place you could easily get lost in for a few hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a whiskey joint in joint in the queen city ! the moment you walk in you know you will feel like don draper in mad men . leather couches , phone booths , suspenders , the whole nine . i recommend their signature cocktails . specifically the spiced rum one ! it 's made with almond milk and is the perfect beverage for after dinner . this place is perfect for big groups or small intimate meetings . and they have food ! ! ! the irish themed establishment offers familiar named whiskeys and their house made whiskey too ! they offer craft beer and wine so there is something for everyone . they require a membership so get that dollar bill ready if you go . only one membership card is needed per group . it 's within walking distance of other clt breweries if you want to hit a few places in a day . cheers to broken spoke !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a tough one . the `` yay ! i 'm a fan . '' description is a bit over the top , but we enjoyed our time spent at tbs . albeit , a quiet sunday it was a relaxed and laid back experience a day after their one year anniversary . the staff was pleasant and easy to talk to ... it is hard to tell the atmosphere since it was a slow sunday , but i could imagine it being an older crowd and it seems management is perfectly fine with that . it does n't seem like a place i would visit on a regular basis . i do n't seek out fancy cocktails but the two we tried were tasty . i feel they are priced high , but i guess that 's why they would have an older customer base . we did not try any of the food items . it 's crazy they have to buy their own liquor to from an abc store , but sadly that 's how north carolina rolls ... . all in all it was a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice new spot in town . open mic night on wednesday was fun . due to state law you got ta be a `` member '' which means you sign in and pay a dollar at the door . try the meat or veggie curry pies .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has a fabulous interior , but poor service from just one person has ruined it for us . we 've been here once before and had a wonderful experience . however , the long haired bartender upstairs at the bar was very rude and unprofessional to my husband for no reason at all . we chose this location out of everywhere to spend st. patrick 's day , as we live over thirty minutes out from the city . disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this trendy whiskey and craft beer bar is just steps from olde mecklenburg and sugar creek breweries in south end , and serves up a great selection of local taps in addition to its own distilled libations . but on the night we visited , the music in the balcony was way too loud to allow for conversation , and the performer kept screeching his way through a bad set of 80 's tunes . unless you 're a whiskey drinker ( or want something other than craft beer ) , the two breweries on either side of broken spoke are far better choices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in while in town for business on a thursday evening . friendly staff , very welcoming , and good live music . i highly recommend a glass or three of quinn 's , their carolina whiskey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff and even better drink selections . do n't let the exterior fool you . inside you 'll find a casual yet sophisticated design .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a dirty martini in a small champagne glass at a cocktail bar just does n't feel right . such a great space to be underwhelmed by the drink presentation both in feel and pour size . the taste however was spot on the beer selection is good with something for most . the bar staff had a good vibe and very helpful ... will try again soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really liked this place ! it was busy but not too busy and the whiskey was really good ! it 's a distillery so they make their own in house . they also have a lot of beers from omb next door . i liked it but it has this ... club snootiness air about it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding place for food , drink and fun . they make award winning whiskey and offer top shelf selections as well . truly professional bartender makes a complete array of cocktails perfectly . some of the beers are brewed across the street and are well worth sampling . the food is more than `` pub grub '' with home baked bread and toppings . do n't miss the smoked salmon . leather couches and chairs upstairs and down add a special touch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service , food , and cocktails were all spectacular . if you 're looking for a trifecta this is it . awesome environment as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only distillery i 've been to , but i find it very interesting ! i ca n't tell you whether the whiskey is good ( since i 'm not knowledgeable ) ; however , i enjoy drinking it ! i 've been twice now . `` the broken spoke '' is a bar venue where `` great wagon road '' can serve the alcohol they make . the lounge has a nice , chill setting . not overall formal , but not casual like a brewery . since the ratio of food alcohol sales is low , they are considered a private club , and you have to buy a $ 1 membership to enter . if you 're interested in learning about distilleries , their tour is very interesting and makes you appreciate it more . they make three different types of spirits - vodka , an aged whiskey , and a white ( non-aged ) whiskey . you can taste each at the end of the tour ... let 's just say it 's not like wine tasting : ) a little bit on the stronger side !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the delicious rua whiskey was smooth and delicious ! my mom tried the whiskey , hot water , lemon and cloves -- called something like a piscine . she liked the lemons cloves w whiskey . we sat on the porch and enjoyed the sunshine . i will return to try the small plates & movie night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has some serious potential but hey are n't quite living up to it ! they have a distillery right next door and they highlight those liquors in their cocktails but they could have so much fun with those spirits instead they only have 8 cocktails in their list . several of the cocktails lack creativity as well . then there 's the food menu which i think they should n't even both with it because it 's only a few tapas that are mostly shrimp . they were out of the sausage balls and with such a tiny menu there 's no reason to be out of something . then there 's the wine list which only has 2 reds and 3 whites ! overall they are just way to limited ! this could be a cool place to hang out with friends but i hope they make some changes . they have been open for a year and should have some of these kinks worked out . wagon flight and shrimp dip were ok . nothing to write home about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is always delish ! the service usually pretty good but i always seem to run out of water when we 're here . even with today being cinco de mayo they have done a good job at being timely . they also offered the lunch buffet at dinner for the holiday !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was good , food was good . i love the build your own taco buffet . they have just about every topping you would want and a lot of different meats ! even fried fish . i really enjoyed it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have yet to be impressed with the food here , but will keep trying . it just seems like a bland plate that neither warms the heart nor makes an impact . honestly , i probably do n't know what i 'm talking about because i know a lot of folks who like it here . right now ? it 's not for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like going here for dinner & taking the night off of cooking . they do good tex-mex style plates . the restaurant over over-lit ( too bright and uninviting ) so we sit at the bar . service has been okay , sometimes you got ta just hollar when ya need something , and that 's just another perk of eating at the bar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the buffet is reasonably priced , the food however ... mediocre at best and it really is a gamble on the service . i 've had a few servers that were top notch and a few that ' ve never heard the phrase `` customer service '' . honestly , do n't waste your time or money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while deciding what to make for dinner , decided to go here for my first time . wow ! i got the steak super burrito , and it was super delicious . food tasted clean and fresh . top of the burrito had a white , thick , cheese sauce glazed on it , which made the meal even better . i loved this place ! great quality food , good customer service , and not to mention really cool fluorescent lighting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our service and food were great . everyone on the staff tried to make it an experience and not just a dinner ! fajitas and carne asada tacos were delectable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just endured the worst eating experience we have had in years . guadalajara especial was far from what was described . mostly a huge pile of stale lettuce floating atop of sea of greasy and essentially tasteless soupy gray ground beef . the tamale was completely saltless but very peppery shredded meat of indeterminate species sitting atop a generous pile of ever so sticky and tasteless masa . the taquitos were burned but running with liquid grease . the salsa was really just canned tomato sauce without the usual seasonings including salt but with a dash of vinegar . the only thing that could make this meal worse would have been table full of loud foul mouthed aging juvenile delinquents discussing with pride their dui achievements along with petty crimes and best techniques for lying to law enforcement along with vivid graphic descriptions of the contents of diapers and the method of expressing canine anal glands . these conversations were provided by several young men wearing blue horne heating and air conditioning tee shirts and tolerated with no attempt at control by management . just aweful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buffet is amazing ! i also come for dinner quite often and the service is pretty good ! chips , cheese , and salsa are delicious . not overpriced for the good amount of food you get !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lunch buffet is the best part ! the food is pretty good and the beers are cold . the service , not so much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is absolutely great bt the service kindve sucked ... our waitress brought chicken and shrimp instead of steak and shrimp.when asked to bring the proper thing the waitress became noticably upset she stated she has to ask the manager and when she returned she said `` give it to me '' and snatched the plate tho lol at which time i no longer want nothing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. chau is fast , professional and kind . i have been going here for the past several years and have had nothing but excellent care . in fact i had a cleaning today and was in and out in 15 minutes . the front desk is kind and i have never had any sort of insurance or billing problems . if you are looking for a dentist give dr. chau a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son is very afraid of dentist and i head that dr. chau was good with children . i took my son to dr. chau 's office . i did n't have to wait but only five minutes to fill out paperwork . i got my son right back and he needed a filling . my son was scared and was screaming and dr. chau calmed him down and did an amazing job , and now my son always wants to get his teeth done by dr. chau !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i may be the biggest chicken ever when it comes to dentists-so when i realized i would be needing to get upper dentures i was extremely apprehensive about getting my teeth pulled and the aftermath . i can now say that dr chau was exactly what her business is called amazing ! ! ! i never experienced any pain associated with the extractions . i had a few issues after the teeth were pulled and the dr came in on a saturday in the evening to meet me . she went beyond what was expected and i will never go anywhere else and recommend dr chau to anyone in need of her services . i also want to lavish praise on her receptionist heidi who contacted me many times after my visit to make sure i was ok . i will always be indebted to her for her attention and genuine concern . in closing if you need a dentist and do n't go to amazing smile dentistry then you are missing out on an amazing experience and two of the nicest people you will ever encounter not just in the dentist office but as individuals also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had the worst experiences with dentists in the past , and it takes a lot for me to trust one . i have been a patient here at amazing smile dentistry for years now , and dr. chau is the best ! she truly cares about her patients and gives excellent care ! i will never go anywhere else ! thank you dr. chau ! i 'm no longer afraid of or dread the dentist office ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time was an easy and helpful experience for me . the staff was very fast and friendly and let me know exactly what i needed and made my appointment fast and easy for my next visit to get where my teeth need to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. chau and her entire staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable . i had to schedule an appointment last minute for my fiance and they were incredibly accommodating . she ended up needing to have a wisdom tooth removed , which dr. chau handled easily . my fiance had no pain or complications after the procedure . the office is incredibly modern and clean . the location is also very convenient ( close to the 215 ) and there is plenty of parking . in addition to the friendly staff , i was particularly impressed with their technology ( including digital x-rays and electronic forms for new patients ) . i would highly recommend dr. chau and her staff to anyone looking for a dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally i found a dentist that i can trust ... . the stuff talked to me like a normal person , they explained everything in plain english ... they really worked with me to get my insurance to pay ( my insurance fault ) ... . they had to rent the paperwork multiple times till finally my insurance paid ... . the stuff where very friendly and understanding ... . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. trina chau and her front office manager linda put the word amazing in amazing smiles . i have never had such fast and efficient work done before providing nothing but professionalism as well as that special touch of knowing each and every one of their patients . this office treats each client patient like a family member not just a patient . i have been going here for about 6 years now and will never go anywhere else . this is my favorite dental office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate the dentist but i love this one . friendly `` honest '' doc 's that tell you how it is , and i need some tough lovin ' in order to keep my flossing a top importance . works with blue cross blue shield dental insurance with ny work . their email and text system to remind you of your next appointment 6 months later is great too . impossibility to miss your appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big shout out to trina and staff ! thank you for making my visit like family . i finally found my dentist and dr. who i can trust , thank you for making my appointment comfortable throughout ! i highly recommend this awesome dentist , trina chau !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you dr chao and the amazing staff here . its nice finally having a dentist that i can trust .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty friendly staff , good dentist , nice environment . i came in a little early and they accepted me , as it was n't busy , but had to wait an additional 45 minutes after getting x rays done . after waiting 45 minutes , the dentist lets me know that we wo n't be doing anything at all today because the vacuum is being fixed . so i left getting nothing done other than rushed x rays and filling out a form . update : they fixed things up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a good experience.. dr chau is a perfectionist . always courteous and pleasant . your appointment time is always on time she never over books . i highly recommend amazing smile dentistry as your dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. chau and her team at amazing smile are awesome . my experience here is always great and i never feel rushed during my appointments . her hygenist madonna is very thorough in her cleanings . she goes the extra mile and lets her patients know what they can do to work on to avoid tartar buildup and gingivitis.she is especially so gentle during my daughters teeth cleanings . dr. chau her self does amazing work from exams to mouth guards . when it comes to fillings it is nearly painless while being precise and quick . jen in the front office is also always a pleasure to see as she always has a smile on her face when she greets you . the energy in this office is great ! will continue to see her and her amazing staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we finally found our dentist ! ! great doctor great staff..average price ... great service ... and they really fix the problem without making a new problem like the other dentist i went before ... and now i can really say i am completely satisfied with the experience..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been patients of dr. chau since 2010 . we love coming to here . it is very kid friendly the staff is really kind . it 's never too busy . it is always a calming feeling when me and my children go there . the office is always clean . nice and cool in there especially during this summer season . highly recommend this place . you get your money 's worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister and i have been patients of dr. chau for over 6 years . she 's very fast and good at what she does . my sister had her wisdom teeth removed by dr. chau without pain . i also referred my friend to dr. chau for a root canal and she said that dr. chau was very gentle . she said it was the best root canal she ever had . we never have to wait more than 10 min to be seen . dr. chau made it affordable to get our dental work done . we are grateful that we found dr. chau . i refer all my friends to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a few reasons why i love oliver & henry 's 1 . they carry answers raw goat milk which my dogs love , very hard to find 2 . mary is awesome and runs a great business 3 . sandra is the best groomer , always does a great job on my yorkie - dolc\u00e9 4 . they carry grain free fromm dog food at a very reasonable price and i believe the 12th bag is 50 % off . : ) 5 . they are opening a location in crocker park which is even closer to where we live . i love supporting local businesses , i hope you give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice storefront that carries a limited but sufficient selection of boutique quality dog supplies and toys as well as high-end foods and treats . they also offer grooming services . i needed a new leash for my pup and thought i 'd give this a try over the big box store across from my work . i was pleasantly surprised that the prices were very reasonable . i usually avoid all pet stores because for the most part it 's easy to find the same products for a fraction of the price online , but oliver & henry 's had the product i purchased for only a couple of dollars more than what amazon was offering - definitely worth it in my book to feel the product in your hand , have it instantly , and support a local business . they definitely offer better values here than at the big box stores .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! have everything i need for my lila . she loves the homemade treats ! they also have samples of some of their dog food so your dog can try it before you buy it . my lila is super picky so this worked out great for us ! lila also got her nails cut here . no appointment needed , just walked in and she was done in no time . i will be coming here anytime we 're in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love ! ! ! my pup really loves the bakery ! have used the self serve and grooming services both are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took smoky there for the first time today . she did great ! ! ! the groomers there are fantastic and you can tell they love animals . smoky did really good and she looks shiny . nails look great also . thanks for doing such a great job . we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love , oliver and henry 's ! i 've been getting my cavalier groomed here for about 5 years and have never had a bad experience . the groomer lauren does a great job , and is very nice and accommodating . the owner mary is a wonderful person who really has a passion and love for dogs . they have a great selection of high quality dog food and the best dog food discount purchase program around . my dog also loves the homemade dog treats . such a cute , wonderful place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i recently took a trip from chicago to toronto on our anniversary and we looked for a bakery on groupon where we could order cupcakes during our week long trip . we found bubbles'n bakery to be there and read a few reviews . coming from another country - this has to be the best cupcake i 've ever had ! not too sweet but sweet enough to satisfy you . we ordered a dozen different cupcakes - usually in the states you order one or two kinds but forgive my ignorance . it was amazing from design to deliciousness ( if that is even a word ? ) and made us very happy customers . if you could ship some over my way , i 'd be such a happy camper ! but maybe i 'll just have to make a special trip up there when i find the time . keep up the amazing work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had initially purchased a groupon for an order of cupcakes - but came out with so much more ! the cupcakes are beautiful and they have a very extensive list of flavours to choose from . previous reviews had mentioned the shelves empty of cupcakes , but when i went there were quite a large number of cupcakes on display . staff are very friendly and pleasant to deal with . other than cupcakes , this little bakery has fresh bread buns , cakes , cookies , fudge , jams and all kinds of meat pastries ! in addition to my cupcake , i ended up walking out with a few spicy beef rolls ( yummy ! ) and spicy beef patty ( decent ) . they even offered to heat up my meat pastries in case i wanted to eat them on the go . the pricing is affordable and fair . if i am in the area , i will definitely be stopping in again ! great experience , thank you bubbles n ' bakery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful cupcakes , a lot of flavours to choose from , and very delicious and fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased cupcakes here for my son 's birthday dinner as a treat since i bought a groupon package online . i emailed ahead of time requesting certain flavours . when i went to pick them up they were ready as promised . the packaging lacked design - just a simple clear muffin case . there was no one else in the bakery at the time . there were a lot of other items for sale but i did n't buy any as i was not interested . the cupcakes themselves were pretty good and very well decorated . i did n't notice any baking going on while i was there and there did n't seem to be any fresh bread or many other fresh items in the display case .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in to inquire about an elmo cake or cupcakes for my son 's 2nd birthday coming up . the owner was friendly and quoted me 3.75 each . she did not expect me to order a minimum of a dozen and even said i could just order 1 cupcake if needed . although she has never made elmo cupcakes before , she said she would give it a try for me . i did n't grab any tests to sample but the shop was cute and small . i 'd like to try some goodies from here in the future and will prob a lyndee order from her ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a cute little bakery with amazing treats . fudge , taffy , brownies , cookies , custard tarts , cupcakes , cakes , macaron , teas and more ... enjoyed everything we bought . vanilla cupcakes were pre ordered the day before and were fresh and delicious . strawberry shortcake cupcakes were delicious , as were the creamsicle , neopolitan and key lime . enjoyed the multitude of flavours . brownies were rich and delicious , the cookies were scrumptious . portuguese custard tarts were very yummy , just a bit too sweet for my taste but everyone in our party enjoyed it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a for effort ! super friendly owner . quaint little bakery in an easy to access plaza in streetsville . cupcakes are generously topped with decorative buttercream icing . the cupcakes tasted fine but there was no wow element . it 's a 3 and a half star for that exact reason .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is worth it . i got the jet 10 pizza and it was very good . get the turbo charged crust it 's awesome i typically do n't eat the crust but that i can do . they were not skimpy on the toppings . overall i will come back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite pizza chain , hands-down . i always get the 8-corner pizza , which is two deep dish ( square ) pizzas in one box . since the pizza is cut in squares , every pizza slice has two delicious and crispy edges . you can get the crust flavored ( get the turbo crust , which is a combination of butter , garlic and romano cheese ) at no additional charge . all of the ingredients are top quality , from the cheese to the sauce to the toppings . i 've had their salads , wings and sandwiches as well and have never been disappointed . i 've always ordered ahead online and never had any problems . polite employees , too . give them a try ... you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicous pizza our new friday night pizza , the eight corner is fantastic , great delivery gals and guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the only pizza place i could go to and not feel sick while i was pregnant but it over all has great quality and the pizza and dough is always fresh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a pizza online . called after it was 30 minutes late and they told me it was on the way . called after 2 hours and they delivered it to the wrong house . they apologized and said they could fix it and bring another but it would have been 3 hours . decided to cancel order . disappointed in how the whole situation was handled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "moved here a year ago , one of the worst pizza 's i have had to date . would not recommend . little caesars would be better and i do n't like them either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm from the metro detroit area , where jets was created ! i order from jets at least once a week , even when i 'm traveling for work . my biggest complaint on the road is that it never seems as good as the jets around the corner from me . well the concord location was totally different . ( not surprising after i found out from my local jets manager that the guys running this location are actually from michigan ! ) they definitely live up to the jets name and taste that i have grown up loving ! their square deep dish with turbo crust ( do n't forget their amazing house made ranch to dip ) is to die for ! the great thing about this chain is they do n't have a chain feel . the staff called many customers by their first name when they entered . it just had the local pizza joint feel that i 've always loved about my local location . i highly recommend jets concord !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered takeout from here for the very first time . pizza and a greek salad . the salad was awesome . lots of feta and other toppings , and it 's huge ! i tried the deep dish pizza , it was just ok . i had pepperoni on top , and they were all curled up like they had been cooked a bit too long . friendly staff . overall , a positive experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shaking and crying . i graduated from the university of toledo and i ate some jet 's in my day . hanging out in my hotel room for business , mindlessly scrolling through the yelp options and could n't believe it . a jet 's in north carolina ? ! i have n't had this pizza in five years since i left the great lakes . do n't let the `` chain '' title fool you -- jet 's tastes better and fresher than any mom & pop 's option . you wo n't be disappointed if you enjoy a thick crust like a proper american . no minced vague looking things that should be qualified as garnish on your pizza . you can easily identify every single topping on your slice and they are n't stingy with 'em either . it tastes like home . get the jet 's 10 and be classic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza around . wings were good . thick crust was amazing . sauce was just right . we prefer coke to pepsi and they did not have any iced tea . other than that it was a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect pizza . perfect price . loved the serving size and fountain drink . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4th attempt . just because my son like b their pizza . they do n't care and plain out suck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "basically the pizza is exactly what you would expect . decent , but not amazing , and i think a little over priced compared to other delivery pizza . the quality is slightly better than other chains though which is why it 's usually my go-to for a quick bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was ok. not my favorite but comparable to other pizza in the area . lots of bread , a tiny bit of sauce & tons of cheese with a decent amount of toppings . the pizza sauce is really good though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "once and done ! this place needs new delivery drivers ! and the pizza was not jets quality ! wo n't be eating anything from this location ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good pizza- whenever our office has an opportunity to have a pizza party , we always call jets . the chicken parmesan 4 corner is my favorite followed by the hawaiian . it arrives on hot and on time . we never have any leftovers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys moved me last week . the dropped and ruined my front loader dryer . had to replace it for $ 754.00 . the move was supposed to take 6-8 hours . it took 12 hours and they still did n't complete it . 3 guys showed up , 2 never moved before . they also damage other furniture . do not use the scum bags ! william the owner will not respond . they claim they are insure and bonded . stay away az people . see you in court william ! ps.. this will be on tv 3 on your side . i would n't give them 1 star , but had to give some rating . also tried to charge me more money for debit card fee . what a classless company . they will be out of business soon enough .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if this was the last moving company in the world i 'd move all my stuff on a tricycle first ! ! ! ! ! no furniture pads were used unless i asked . numerous nicks , scratches and gouges in furniture and apartment fridge ( i use for drinks ) . i finally told my husband to have them drop everything in the garage . when it came time to pay they only take cash . no credit cards no debit cards no checks ( understandable ) . buyer beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've used them twice . the first time they were pretty good . the second time they broke my dresser , asked to keep some stuff i was going to donate and rounded up the time significantly to overcharge me . i will never use them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just used their services to move my stuff and i 'm really impressed ! they arrived early , moved all the stuff very quickly and were extremely helpful ! i was on a tight budget and i was but surprised at their charges . they charged just half of what the other movers were quoting ! also no hidden costs . they explained everything to me upfront before they started . william , the person whom i had contacted was very helpful and was in touch with me throughout the move . he even spoke to me at the end of the move to ensure everything went on well , which was really nice ! i had to make the move all alone and was bit nervous but i 'm really glad i 'm booked these guys . i 'm really grateful to them for making it such a smooth move so i tipped them extra : ) i would definitely recommend them if you are looking for movers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not use . they will be hours late , and they are liars and have multiple excuses . owner does n't respond with solutions . so called `` supervisor `` sits in truck . do not use this company , will mess up your move .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "be prepared to be lied to repeatedly . it says they take credit cards here , but magically william ( the owner ) will tell his guys that the credit card machine is `` broken . '' there will be no warning or notice before the work is performed . it 's amazing how the machine was `` broken '' for a week . then they expect you to go out and pull money to pay them . in addition to showing up late and many of the other issues that have been reported in previous reviews . he will not speak to you on the phone if you have a complaint as he is too scared to deal with customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just moved from a second floor 2 bedroom apartment to a new second floor apartment 20 miles away in the east valley . they arrived early and got the job done fast and the final price was cheaper then the low end quoted price from the well known movers . no hidden cost . i recommend these guys and will definitely use them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used these guys for the past 15 years . they 're courteous , show up when they say they will and pretty careful with your stuff . i 'm moving in 2 weeks and i 'll use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have used emergency family movers on three separate occasions . each time we were very impressed . they were speedy yet careful . even early on one of the occasions . i would refer these gentlemen to a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys were great ! ! ! i was moving from another state and just needed help unloading my moving truck when i arrived . unfortunately , the moving truck broke down and i got into town 3 hours later than planned , and well past operating hours . william rescheduled me without complaining , just understanding that my day was stressful enough already . he had movers out the very next morning and these 2 guys unloaded a 24 foot moving truck in under 2 hours ! i would highly recommend them to anyone who needs help with a move . the price is much better than all the other listed and they get the job done . emergency family movers will be my first call when i move again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , nothing was broken , so there 's that . it was fairly quick . but let 's see ... the movers took 15 minutes to find the unit once entering the complex , and these are condos , not a big complex . they did n't speak english , either of them , so i could n't even attempt to help direct them . they charged me for those extra 15 minutes . they got there and mumbled and grunted and there was no communication other than pointing and noises , it was barbaric . they were very rude and called me , `` lady '' and `` hey lady '' to get my attention . they drove 20 under the speed limit behind me . they finished after about an hour 20 , and charged me for two hours . as well as a gas fee that i was n't told about even as i was paying for it . i left feedback online and i got a call back with a `` tough luck '' attitude . real nice . will not be using again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i finally used this company for myself and i am so happy i did . patrick and nick were professional , fast and a pleasure to work with . they both know their stuff and will take care of your stuff . these guys busted their butts to get everything done as quickly as possible but took great care of all of my fragile items . they were organized and did it all with a smile on their faces . i highly recommend you ask for these two because they did not disappoint at all . i was impressed that even the boss called to make sure everything went smoothly . they definitely gave a+ customer service and pricing . thank you . p.s . everyone complaining about the credit card thing . they give you a paper to sign saying cash only so you should probably read better . i know i missed it too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very fresh and quite tasty . the mango salad was very nice , but lacked heat . it could have used a thai bird chili . the tom yum coconut chicken soup tasted okay but was a bit too sweet . it could have used more coconut milk as it was a little watery . it also had a lot of celery , which is n't traditional and did n't add anything to the flavour . the vermicelli with beef and lemongrass was very nice although it also did n't need the celery . the restaurant and washrooms were clean , bright and very pleasant . the service was excellent and very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "happened to stumble upon this little quaint restaurant . we ordered pho and since they recently opened , the owner gave us an appetizer of mango salad , plus we also got a 15 % off our bill . the service was great ! food came quickly and was tasty . we 'll go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . we had friendly attentive service , food was fresh , place was clean . if you need to satisfy a pho craving ... go here . parking lot looks a bit ghetto but do n't let it defer you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food for decent prices . the atmosphere is nice and peaceful too , do n't be discouraged from the exterior . although i would n't recommend ordering their shakes if u did n't being ur own straw because their straws are literally so thin , that ur drink will be undrinkable . we asked them for a thicker straw but they do n't have . kind of a joke if u ask me..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is perhaps the closest pho restaurant to port credit . the place is nicely decorated and it 's easy to get parking . the staff are friendly and the food comes out quickly . we tried pho , pad thai and a green curry - all delicious . this place is a really good find , the prices are reasonable and everything is fresh . i hope this place sticks around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. stewart is amazing dentist ! i had a crown replaced over the summer . after it was over and i got home and the numbness wore off , i felt like my bite was off . so i called the dentist office to see if they could adjust it because i was going out of town the next day and did n't want to be uncomfortable the whole time during my vacation . the office advised me i could come back in but the other dentist will have to make the adjust because dr. stewart had already left for the day . it was 5pm . by the time i got to the office dr. stewart had returned to the office to make the adjustment himself . he stated he remembered i was going on vacation the next day and did n't want me to be uncomfortable . talk about customer service . i knew at that time i had made the right decision to leave my former dentist of 10+ years to come to dr. stewart . i am forever grateful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best dentist i 've ever had ! i truly wish i had a dentist like dr. stewart or else my teeth would n't have been in such bad shape . the office is located in a convenient shopping center with target , old navy , sally 's , etc . parking is plentiful . office staff and hygienists are very nice and welcoming . whenever i 've had an issue , it had been quickly resolved . they accept my insurance and i 've had to pay some out of pocket fees but their office has been great with communicating with me . dr. stewart was able to void my diagnosis of having gum disease but told me i had cavities . 8 of them ! it 's been months later since filling them and i 've had no issues . he even prescribed me with a toothpaste to help with other oral issues i 've been having . he is very sarcastic and funny . this is definitely a great place to come . between cleaning and getting cavities filled , i have no complaints . billing is also easy and convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this saddens me to write as i have great experiences until now . it most likely is for new staff . however found fraudulent billing . very disappointed . unfortunately honesty is not their mission and it shows in their practices and behaviors . i guess everything happens for a reason . i am not sure if doctor stewart is aware as the woman billing is different than him . but i valued him and trusted him . he is kind and always concerned and flexible when i am with him . i find it unlikely that he is aware of what is occurring . it may be because the staff needs more training . it makes me sad . but best wishes to all and i hope your experiences are better than mine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i almost passed this place up for lunch because i only saw custard on the sign ! but i was like i 'm having a bad weekend so i should have 2 . fortunately , they have this cute little open air diner with plenty of seating . this place is brand new , super cute and super clean . they signage is all digital . i 'm assuming this means they can switch up the menu often . the hamburgers looked great and smelled amazing but i had to try the fish tacos . i really appreciate this offering . it 's nice to have more than just hamburgers ! they did n't have a kids menu but the prices are reasonable so i did n't mind . my daughter had the chicken and chips and mac n cheese bites . the food was good and ambience was great . we had a sweet time in our hightop table overlooking the water feature . cute place ! we 'll def be back ... ..we were too full for custard ! 4 stars for trying something new and cute and trendy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast friendly service and good ice-cream ! good selection of flavors and their ice-cream cakes are adorable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i moved into the area about a year ago and frequently stop to get ice cream and it 's good . today we decided to try the grill , it was not good at all . we stood at the window for a good five minutes while one girl kept walking past is and never bothered to say hi or i 'll be right with you . when she finally did come over she was just snobby and rude . the prices were kind of high for the food you get . we both ordered the steak subs . i got mine as order with extra mayo . the bun was not toasted at all and the onions and peppers were as cold as they would be coming out of the fridge and not cooked . the only hot thing on the sandwich was the meat so overall it was like eating a steak sub out of the fridge . my mother and father in law got the chicken tenders which were extremely over cooked and rubbery . the only food we would recommend would be the fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decided to try the food at the lower burrel location . they had hot dogs written on the board so i ordered one with sauce and onion . the guy at the counter and mumbled something about a '' donny dog '' so i said sure . ended being a hot dog stiffed in a sausage size roll smothered in a tomato sauce with two large pieces of american cheese and pieces of sliced onion . sorry but all i could taste was the overwhelming cheese . i ordered fries as well and they are coated some of light batter with and odd taste . take my advice and do n't order ketchup . very oddly spiced and definitely not heinz . so far the stars above are for their terrific custard . the stars that are lacking are for not tasting your own food to realize the problem . if they would only ask i would show them how to make a tasty hot dog .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service here is great . super friendly . very helpful . processing refunds is quick and easy . lineups , however , tend to be longer than i expect from a store like this . love the baking liners i bought . be careful if you have large bags . you might nudge something as you walk around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i could spend hours and my entire paycheque in this store . i love housewares , kitchen gadgets and basically anything to do with that stuff . it was pretty easy to find what i was looking for and the prices were pretty good . parking is plentiful and easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kitchen stuff plus just have awesome staffs ! ! they always ask if i need any help whenever i visit the store . and they do sincerely try to help me find the stuffs i am looking for . good selections of everything i need in the kitchen , i do n't need much ... but has great selections of bar accessories which i need : ) promotions every week with email notifications if you sign up for their newsletter and sometimes online coupons that giving you % off one item . i love to dig around and look for discount ... extra off is always good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wandered in here since i was in the area . this store has a wide variety of stuff ... .often they have cute things that i think i want to buy . this visit i was almost seduced by a brie baker , but my ever-practical bf was there to remind that i do n't really need one . ha ha . they 've got everything you need in your kitchen . they were having a sale on henkels knives , but i have n't done enough research to decide which knives to get yet . like jennifer k says , the staff were really helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is really 2.5 stars . the truth is the store is well organized and the inventory looks cute and colourful . the stuffs are also unnecessarily expensive . some of the stuffs are more expensive than home outfitters . i mean , really , you are more expensive than hudson 's bay ? 0.5 stars for the store being a good place to hang around and browse and kill time . the 2 staffs hanged around the cashier the whole time we were in the store ; they never bugged us once .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this store ! every time i 'm in the area ( with a car ) , i ca n't help but to stroll in to just browse . often tempted to buy stuff , but since i do n't have my own kitchen all to myself yet , i 'll have to hold my wallet nice and tight . since i 've taken up culinary arts courses at gb , i 've been visiting this place more frequently to pick up utensils and bakeware . i think they used to have better selection , but for sure they can place a special order for you ( e.g . henkle knives ) if you know what you want . they have the full catalog . prices are great and staff are very friendly ! there is always something on sale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favourite room in the house ( other than my bedroom because i sleep like a champ ) , is the kitchen ! they have a lot of neat stuff . i prefer to come here for all my kitchen essentials because the stuff they have is of good quality , and its trendy and modern . the store is pretty easy to navigate through . the prices are quite good , especially around the holidays and unlike some other places ( home outfitters , homesense ) , you can browse their product offerings online to cut down on time wasted in the store . they will even tell you if something is in stock ( not down to the very last one , but that 's good enough for me ! ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good size to the store & it 's packed with stuff . i find this store a bit isolated as there is n't much in the area . i got my food scale here & opted for the star frit brand since the other ones looked kind of overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a beautiful property in a great location ! natalia is one of the most professional people i 've ever met and really takes care of the property and her residents", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great design -- feels like manhattan or hollywood , in a good way . the studios are beautiful . amenities are 5-star : pool , common area , parking ; and the neighborhood is walkable , diverse , love living here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived here since june and i absolutely love it ! everyone is so friendly and says hi . i love that they are dog friendly . the staff is amazing , friendly , helpful and very inviting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about this place through a friend . they described it as an oasis on mill to escape the intense debauchery created by the waves of deviants storming over from the asu campus . when i came in i was pleasantly surprised by the chic interior surrounded by the brown stone exterior . i was instantly greeted by the friendly faces of the staff , chelsie and natalia i believe were there names . they were both extremely helpful and took me on a tour while explaining their policy of only allowing those 22 years of age or older to rent . needless to say i finally found what i was looking for , an apartment right on mill away from the chaos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived here for several months now and i have to tell you , the hanover is a top notch apartment complex ! the staff here bends over backwards for their residents . i 'd like to commend natalia and drake as well as the girls in the front office for always remembering as well as spoiling my daughter , ha-ha . that being said , joseph in maintenance also deserves praise because he has gone out of his way to fix some small issues i had in a more than timely manner . not only is the staff out of this world , but the ambiance is one of a kind as well . i think i can speak for most if not all of the residents here when i say that i 've never felt more safe , cared for , and at home than when i 'm in my apartment . i plan on being here for as long as they 'll have me . they have made me such a happy resident . thank you hanover staff , you guys are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the layout and efficiency of the complex . drake and kenzie work in the office and are amazing ! always so helpful and if there is ever an issue they are always on top of it . honestly , the only down side is unfortunately some of the tenants are n't the cleanest which is sad since there is always an amazing cleaning staff here taking care of the property . the common areas are always clean including the pool ! highly recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location . extremely comfortable lifestyle . place i 'm proud to call home . small gripe with the outdoor grill handles working properly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just relocated from hawaii and i could n't have found a better luxury place to live and call home . staff is friendly and extremely helpful and amenities are great . everything you need from restaurants , bars , shopping , freeway 's , parks and more is all around you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst apartment ! service sucks ! spiders everywhere ! especially kitchen grossssss ! and they always have hidden charges for u out of nowhere ! look around this ai n't your best bet when it comes to a decent place to live in . peace .just to clarify , i am specifically talking about hanover mill !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hanover mill avenue is incredible ! not only is the apartment complex absolutely beautiful , but the staff are also so attentive , helpful and supportive , which makes all the difference ! shout-out to jessica who was especially wonderful . as i am currently living out of state , she went out of her way to gave me a virtual tour of the apartments and amenities , which was so sweet ! she was also very responsive to my e-mails and calls , and her generosity and kindness made the entire process much more manageable . i highly recommend hanover mill avenue - they make you feel so welcomed and their warmth makes you feel right at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i paid $ 450 application fee that is non refundable . most expensive application fee i paid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hanover has luxury interior surfaces like textured granite countertops , stainless steel kitchen appliances , and floor-to-ceiling cabinets . so beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here a while back and will never go again . i ordered an onion soup , which tasted like liquid charcoal and when i mentioned this to the waiter i got a shrug & a mumbled `` sorry you did n't like it '' and with that he was gone ( like a disinterested ninja ) , worse thing is is that our table already paid ( one of the `` disadvantages '' of arriving late to a large group of friendly people that decided to pay for us ) so there was n't much leverage for me to get some more acknowledgement for my issue . so since i like tasty food and decent service i have to come to the conclusion that i severely dislike this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a fan of this place . not only is it dingy , but the service is so so and the food is kinda gross . only good thing is that it 's cheap , and that they have decent milkshakes ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love a quick smoked meat sandwich on layover in montreal . my grandpa would be proud . he always said the best meat is in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the airport location which to a non-native montrealer is probably awful , but for someone from wash dc whose first introduction to smoked meat was at moe 's in the airport ... .this place will always be great . i know it 's probably not as good as `` real '' smoked meat from one of the authentic deli 's in town , but when i crave smoke meat this is what i think of since it was my first experience . i 'm pretty sure i offended all of quebec when i described my first sandwich as being like a shaved hot dog after my first bite , but since then a moe 's smoked meat sandwich has almost become reason enough to but a roundtrip ticket from dca to yul . if you 've never been to yul and have 30 minutes to kill , go here and order the smoked meat sandwich and you 'll probably understand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love moe 's . it 's one of my favourite places to eat , especially during the summer , sitting outside in the sun on their big terrace . the beer is good and inexpensive . try out their smoked meat , in my opinion it 's better than schwartz 's ( which is overrated anyway ) . great selection of food , from angel hair pasta to pizza , to their moe 's burger . seating is comfortable , your choice between booths and regular tables . sit near a screen and watch the hockey game ! bring some friends and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "airport location , monday , 6am . 10 minute wait just to be seated , when the restaurant is 1 4 full . 10 minute wait to be served , at the bar . 20 minute wait until the food came , right as i decided it had taken too long and i had to board my flight . absolute garbage . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super cute french restaurant in downtown st-sauvuer called la boheme . my friend girl and i decided on this place to have a nice dinner . the decor is older but charming and warm . they have chalkboard specials . veal , beef tartar , rabbit , duck , frogs legs are some of the items the menu lists . there are vegetarian options here . great wine prices . we ordered the calamari it was really good . we both chose a fish dish . it was delicious and cooked perfectly moist . with the entree you have a choice of fries or mashed potatoes , or veggies . the fries were some of the best , they know the secret to good fries here . the waitress was great and paid attention to us even though it was a slow night and would slack off . the dishes ( apps under 10 $ , entrees under 20 $ ) and the wine were well priced , its no wonder this place has been around a long time.. 30 years . a delicious restaurant to try out when in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place , the quality of the food was excellent . two of us had the salmon , which was flown in fresh and exquisitely prepared . my husband had the linguini , which he loved and my dad really liked the steak . our waiter owner was very patient with us ( we know just enough french to be dangerous ) , explaining what each main course was . the service was excellent as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "une de ses multiples soir\u00e9es pluvieuses de printemps 2014 , mes amis et moi sommes entr\u00e9s en vitesse dans le premier restaurant \u00e0 la port\u00e9e lorsque dame nature s'est mise \u00e0 \u00eatre capricieuse ... je ne suis pas une fan de cuisine fran\u00e7aise en partant mais j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9tonn\u00e9e par ce petit resto discret de st-sauveur . un service de qualit\u00e9 sup\u00e9rieure sans pr\u00e9tention et une cuisine de haute qualit\u00e9 mais abordable . \u00e9tant v\u00e9g\u00e9tarienne , j'\u00e9tai m\u00eame capable d'appr\u00e9cier les plats de viande de mes amis par leur pr\u00e9sentation et les ar\u00f4mes qui s'en d\u00e9gageant . la seule raison pour laquelle j , ai donn\u00e9 un quatre au lieu d'un 5 est que mon couscous \u00e9tait un peu fade et sec . leur sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 est d\u00e9finitivement la viande qui , je ne me rappelle pas mais sont choisies tr\u00e8s soigneusement ... et une s\u00e9lection de vin top notch ! n'attendez pas les caprices de dame nature pour vous y arr\u00eater !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was there two weeks ago . service is fine . food is ok. we did not actually find any other nice places to go there . all places are more american style food ( steaks , french fries , all fried and deep fried ) we wanted smh like european style and we found it . good place . good prices . but nothing really special .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had their 8oz filet mignon , mashed potatoes , assorted vegetables , and a dijon sauce on the side . simply , outstanding . i 'm waiting for my dessert right now ... profiteroles", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sono stato in questo ristorante in quanto curioso delle ottime valutazioni . la location \u00e8 bella e semplice , con qualche oggetto che ricorda la francia . ho preso penine romanof ( vodka ) , ottime sua come cottura che come presentazione ed petit steak boh\u00e8me et ses frites maison , taglio semplice ma molto buono senza strafare con condimenti . il tutto accompagnato da un ottimo vino francese clos la coutale . da provare !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "main course ( liver ) was quite good , but the creme brulee was slightly burned . service was average as waiter seemed to pay extra attention to ignore us . very decently priced though ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beware they will try and charge you for any trip that they make . so if you use their service and they happened to be 1 hour away on a previous job they will charge you 1 hour for driving to your place before any work is done ! same goes for material purchase . sure you could just go on amazon spend 2 minutes and purchase what 's necessary . but they insist on going to a store and charging you the trip . it 's a borderline scam company . do not use", "score": "1"}
{"review": "city of phoenix subcontracted rks pluming to relocate main water line , from march -april 2013. while in the process of trenching and using heavy machine , my home was affected and damage by rks pluming . damages that cause house structure to crack in different areas , in which includes craks in between brick joints on top of a window , damages that sum a total of $ 3000.00 . i contacted the city of phoenix several time and i was refered to rks pluming due to contract . after nearly 2 months of finally getting ahold of rks pluming , was adviced that rks felt that they should not be responsible for damages cause .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "flox is a great neighbourhood florist where the folks there are always friendly , never pushy , and do quality work . they 're great when it comes to bouquets and floral arrangements and that kind of stuff . but they also have a wide range of household plants on sale to keep your indoor green thumb busy , more than many other storefront floral shop garden store i have come across . certainly the place for those cute teacup-sized succulents and cacti put out front , which are affordably priced . { ttc : on danforth at carlaw , it 's practically equidistant between chester and pape stations . }", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best florists downtown . beautiful flowers , top quality , and lovely , tasteful arrangements . i 've been there repeatedly and never been disappointed . worth the extra price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed here on the romance package on monday , june 18th , 2012 . we enjoyed a cozy room with king size bed , complimentary bottle of white wine and an $ 50 food credit to the hotel restaurant cafe picollo . we enjoyed the bar tender , front desk staff and the restaurant hostess . i am a loyal customer of the carlson brand hotels ( radisson-country inn & suites ) . during this stay housekeeping was atrocious for a radisson . our bathtub had rust around the drain , hair from previous guest and carpet through-out hotel had debris even after it appeared to be vaccumed . the elevator was very warm and dirty . the hot tub was nice but the jets sucked . even though they were turned on it sure did n't feel like it . the only reason why this radisson does not get a two star from me is because their staff were top notch and that is what we have come to love and expect from all carlson brand hotels .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed at this place for work for a week place was smelly . the bed was a adjustable that kept going flat after a few hours the place did n't want to do anything about it they said they were co plenty booked and had no extra rooms when u pay a few hundred a nite u would expect better service . i know it 's not the most expensive hotel but it should be pretty well equipt for sleeping you would think its not motel 6 . i wo n't stay here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my family stayed here for four nights when my son was playing in a hockey tournament . this was the team hotel . we had no choice but to book here . the rooms are a little dated . we had adjoining rooms . one had a flat screen tv , while the other had an old crt . they do not have wired internet ports . i had brought a router , but could not use it because of no ethernet jack . my intention was to set up a roku player in the room . the wifi is free , but was so slow it was unusable at times . perhaps it was the location of my room . i am writing this from the lobby , and it is better there . the staff is friendly and helpful . we arrived very late , but i called the morning we left home to see about getting adjoining rooms . they made sure to save them for me . my kids loved the pool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our recent stay here was n't extraordinary but it was n't awful . just meh . the customer service was awesome , friendly and very accommodating . the location was close to the interstate which allowed us to get to different parts of town pretty fast . we had a standard king room that was surprisingly spacious despite an awkwardly large desk . there were some carpet ceiling stains that spoke to the age of the hotel and a couple bathroom stains that just reflected the poor cleaning . the bed was a sleep number that my husband especially enjoyed . like i said , not terrible but not great . it was decent for the last minute reservation over a holiday weekend and a good price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there were mistakes made by staff from the time we arrived for a funeral in phnx until we left . from the horrible smell in the hallways to the more than 45 minutes of waiting when we called a cab , it was a disaster.. for the life of me , i ca n't seem to figure out why there 's no cab stand near there when there are at least 3 hotels in that small area . ridiculous ... i have no intentions of going back there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed here while visiting family in phoenix . booked my room through hotwire , sub $ 55.99 per night including everything on a weekend . room was clean with all the amenities . breakfast was standard , with a fee hot dishes . customer service was decent . good location . since you ca n't earn points by booking at hotwire , i do n't think i 'll be staying at a radisson again . since i 'm a premier hyatt and igh member . definitely recommend this radisson though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 12.95 for mediocre food . went to wrong hotel , accidentally ate there . oh well . wo n't be stopping again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our a c died and we needed a hotel close to home for our family of 5 . we had the worst night here ! the a c in the room is so loud that we could n't hear any of our kids waking up in the other room asking for help . the bed was very uncomfortable and had a blood stain on the sheets . very disgusting ! the hallways were dirty in desperate need of a good vacuum and the walls would appreciate a sponge bath . for $ 80 a night it feels overpriced because even if i wanted i could not make a guest this uncomfortable at my house . sleeping on the floor was more comfortable then the bed . there is a huge bulge right on the middle of the bed because the sleep number mattress would n't work . seriously , i regret tremendously , not spending extra $ 20 for a decent place ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent value hotel , not luxurious or new . old rooms with tube tvs and old furniture , definitely needs updating . pros : -convenient location off freeway with tons of restaurants & stores nearby -low price -pool , free parking , free internet ( slow ) -friendly & professional staff ( house cleaning lady was super nice ! ) cons -old & outdated -sleep number beds were horrible ! like sleeping on an air mattress . -no free breakfast , expensive food at restaurant want to save $ , stay here . want a good night 's sleep , upgrade to a newer hotel with better beds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the radisson definitely changed my opinion of these hotels - having stayed in one back in 2002 ( near fort lee , va ) , i was disgusted with the property and vowed never to stay in one again . i 'm not sure what the change was , but radisson turned things around ( at least at this property ) and i had a pleasant experience . the bar in the lobby was stocked with plenty of good beer and liquor , all with reasonable prices . rooms were clean , hotel staff friendly , and overall , the property here was quiet . it 's sort of tucked away right off of the freeway - you have to turn into what looks like an old office park and drive through a roundabout to get there . parking is wide open and you do n't feel like you 're going to get jumped here . also , it 's near everything you could need ( restaurants , bars , drug stores ) so i would stay here in the future if i ever needed to come back to chandler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff at this hotel is great , the hotel itself not so much . none of the rooms have a fridge ; i do n't think i 've ever been in a hotel that does n't have at least a mini fridge . the internet is ridiculously slow , i think they are still on the dial-up modem ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service ! ask about corporate rate which cones with buffet breakfast ( diy fresh waffles ! ) after a big breakfast , i only need one other meal in the late afternoon early evening . bottled water in the room is are ally nice touch . and fruit-flavored water ( trader joe-style ) in the lobby all day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "idk how this is considered a 3.5 star hotel . even when i went to check in , there was nobody at the front desk and i had to wait for an extended period of time . when i got to my room , it was hot & stuffy . even when i turned the thermostat to 65 degrees , it still was n't comfortable . all these people are talking about the sleep number bed , which i absolutely hated . i felt like i was sleeping on an air mattress . to top it all off , i felt like my shower was just unclean . you can see the pic of the dirty grout in the tub and it was just not pleasant . the upside to this place was that i had a fridge that worked and a lot of clean towels ... .that 's about it . pretty unfortunate experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was ok . friendly staff that went the extra mile . the hotel is right off highway 10 and close to lots of shops if you have transportation . the sleep number bed was really comfortable and room was clean . if you are used to upscale hotels this one will fall short . it has a motel feel to it . for $ 110 a night it 's ok", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean and reasonably priced . the salt-water pool and spa were fantastic as was the newly updated gym . the service was great as well- heather , the front desk gal , was exceptionally accommodating and super friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall clean hotel although rooms have been updated , sleep number beds , tvs etc it is on older bldg . parking is good and had no problems with highway noise and i was1st flr facing road . i had complimentary breakfast each morning , buffet , service was pretty slow but nice staff . overall standard eggs , bacon , potatoes , fruits , waffles , toast muffins , oatmeal , coffee , juice , milk . bar area very small but overall lounging area nice with couches , and tables . room had nice standard shower amenities . great bbq rudys across the street . golds gym about 5 min drive as lifetime fitness and la fitness as there fitness room had 1 treadmill and some 5-25lb dumbbells and bench . i will stay here again as its great value for cost and close to business location i attend . ask for refrigerator room .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for a few years and every year it gets worse . unfortunately i 'm on the company dime and do n't get to pick the places to stay . tonight after traveling . i get into my room to discover it 's got roaches . gross ! in the past i 'd give this place maybe 3 stars but after tonight . 1 star is barely cutting it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff here provide the best service ever . checking in with crystal was wonderful . breakfast with alexandria was delightful . hanging out with tyson in the evening was quite the ride and sonia always made sure our room was perfect . the local shuttle service is the best . we will definitely be returning to this radisson hotel . thanks guys for an awesome stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not to sure how this hotel got rated three stars . the ac has n't been working the room is hot and stuffy ever since we 've been here . called multiple times to have maintenance come check the ac in the room and even after every call nobody still had come to fix it . it 's very upsetting to pay all this money and have a stuffy room . one of the front desk ladies was not friendly when we approached her and had a very bad attitude", "score": "1"}
{"review": "basic hotel . the room was clean and service was satisfactory . no complaints here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to this hotel due to a c in my house was broken and it was almost feels like sauna inside the house ( 92 degrees inside with all the fans on ! ! ) - bad timing to have a c broken in the middle of a hot summer month ! - i immediately impressed with the sleep number bed that they had . i never would have thought they carry sleep number bed . felt very grateful they have the best costumer service . i need refrigerator for my baby 's food and they immediately bring one to the room . thanks for the hot summer night rescue radisson !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice property and value priced . was a marriott courtyard previously . pay for breakfast buffet which was good but not great . would stay again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good rates , they accept clc . small restaurant serves dinner and breakfast . little bar if you want a beverage adult style . located right off i-10 , so easy access .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stayed here for two reasons : 1 . the sleep number bed ( its what i sleep on at home , and this is not up for negotiation ! ) and , 2 . it 's the closest sleep number bed hotel to my dad 's house . it 's a quiet location , the staff is friendly , the price is n't high . the hotel looks like it could use some refreshing ( new carpet and wallpaper - but heck , i 've seen that at $ 250 night hotels in san francisco- so for $ 100 night , i can deal with it . ) , but it is clean . linens were soft , towels ok. also fairly close to the airport-15 minute drive- without airport noise !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had excellent service and the room was clean . my only complaint was the hot tub was not very warm but other than that they were very kind and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this hotel and i will never stay here . the female male who was working the desk was a total bitch . plus over charge for stuff snacks ! ! friend was staying here and she did n't like the person who was working the desk . not a welcome feeling at this hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty normal mid-level hotel . lunch time food is actually pretty good too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "run down for a radisson . they really need to invest in new furniture .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good location , but our room had disgusting stains on the chairs , carpet and curtains . it smelled old . the table between the beds was sticky when we got here , and is still sticky even after we left a big note for the cleaning staff . the front lobby staff apologized , but they said the cleaning staff did n't speak english . breakfast was good , but cost over $ 10 . we will not ever stay here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't care for the sleep number bed . seemed to have to always adjust the bed and did n't get comfortable . the ac was not that great either . set it at 60 degrees and it stayed about 75 all the time . hard to sleep when so warm at night . liked that it was quiet and the set up of the room had the door in a place where you did n't hear anything from the hallway . nonsmoking room did smell like someone had been smoking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved the swimming pool ! with that said i was so disappointed ! my room had n't been cleaned very well the last guests belongings were still in the room . yuck ! ! the sleep number beds feel like air mattresses ! and the hotel was so old it felt like it was going to collapse ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where do i start . booked a double in priceline , i wanted 2 queens , they did not have enough rooms so the bumped me to a sweet , very clean , i stayed there for 15 days , the staff was extremely friendly and generous ! the mangers at the counter were very welcoming and cheerful ! the ladies and the gentlemen at the dinner were very service oriented as well as generous . i must say this might be a 3 star hotel , but they provided a 5 star service ! ! ! thanks a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my group , everyday people , just finished a quick stay at this hotel , and the staff could n't have been more pleasant and helpful and courteous , everything one would all for when staying away from home . i 'd like to commend adrian and erica for going out of their way to assist me in finding good food recommendations , all the while putting up with my bad jokes ( heehee ) . alex , the server during breakfast , had the energy and charm of an angel , and made breakfast that much better . lastly , though i only met natalia and the young man who works nights for a second , they both had a warm smile and willingness to assist that is second to none . thanks for such a wonderful radisson customer service experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the room was clean and comfortable enough . my issue was having to pay $ 4.30 for two cups of coffee and it being lukewarm at best . morning coffee is important to us . at checkout i told the desk clerk and her response was , '' when i poured it it was steaming so it must be from the creamer -- we keep our creamer on ice . '' a response showing good customer service would be an apology . great customer service would be an offer of a complimentary hot cup of coffee . a sign in our room stated their goal was to have a perfect ten in customer service and to let them know about any issue so they could fix it before posting a review . i tried , they did n't .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is based on the $ 45 night rate i got on hotwire . i stayed here for four nights when getting together with family at my sister 's house for christmas . the hotel has clearly seen its better days . the building is dated , the rooms have tube tv 's , and the wi-fi is very slow . however , it was a great value for the price . the rooms were decently spacious , and had sleepnumber beds . overall , the property was very clean . the hot tub outside was great for relaxing . it 's a short drive from the airport , which was also a big plus . finally , the staff was courteous and helpful , even though they were working over the holidays . if you 're looking for a top hotel , this is not it . however , if you 're looking for a value , i would highly recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been here for networking events and never to stay overnight . for conferences and meetings it 's a great gathering spot . robert pfeifer", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would rate this hotel a 3 for a few things that need improvent . the service from the staff was very good and that 's why i gave it a 4 . the room was clean , but some of the furniture was old and needed to be exchanged for newer ones . carpet had some stains , but passable . the 2 double beds were comfortable and the bedding fresh . the bathroom was clean and modern . it wss well stocked with fresh towels . air conditioning worked , but noisy at times . i think the hotel was upgrading at the time . the rooms and suites my other family members acquired were newer and comfortable . the lobby looked new and modern , as well as the buffet area . the food was very good . we had a different choice of food every morning . the hotel offered the breakfast buffet at half price if you bought the meal ticket the day before . if you 're on a budget and want a decent room with a decent location , this is the hotel to stay at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw philip 's review a month or so ago and it reminded me ( after eating at firefly and dragonfly several times ) that i need to hit this place . 'm trying to figure out how this place makes $ $ . the price is very reasonable for what you get . i liked everything - especially the shrimp and the chicken - it ai n't high end stuff but decent . my roomie was convinced the dancer was trying to pick-up on me - all i can say is , in my dreams ! ! she did make a point to come by after the dance to talk to me - one of those , `` do n't i know you from somewhere ? `` thank god , it turns out she 's a friend of a friend , then again , i think it might have been more fun interesting if she was trying to pick up on me ! if i had to arrange for a lively dinner for a group , this place is in my top 5 - especially if $ $ is an issue . happy eating !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the best time here ! the atmosphere is great- very authentic decor , loved the belly dancer and the wait staff were funny and attentive ! the food was also really good- its a 6 course pre fixe for $ 39.99 . we had so much food left over we were sad we did n't have a fridge to put it in at the hotel . we started with shrimp scampi , then a tomato-lentil soup , a hummus platter with marinated vegetables and eggplant , followed by beef skewers served in a whole pineapple ( these last 2 dished were my favorites ) , finished by a chicken , squash and cous cous dish topped off with a desert of phylo dough filled with fruits and nuts . it was seriously satisfying , delicious food ! if we lived in vegas we 'd be back . our birthday girl had a blast and it made for a really fun night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal dining experience , highly recommended for anyone wanting to try something new and exciting . atmosphere is outstanding with moroccan decor and atmosphere . the 6 course feast was absolutely delicious . belly dancers come out every do often and put on a show for the patrons , and the service was excellent . try it for yourself , the whole experience of eating at marrakech is remarkable . will dine again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun fun fun ! just make sure you come with an appetite or with at least 4 people . there 's just too much food ! but friendly service , great belly dancing show , and delicious food . it 's dark inside but not uncomfortably dark . you can sit on chairs or the cushioned area but the table is knee height so be prepared to lean over . will definitely come back . had way too much fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "received a gift card so we went here on a whim and now we ca n't wait to go back ! this is a great restaurant to bring out of town friends to , or if you 're in vegas for the weekend and want a unique meal . it 's a huge meal ( literally 6 courses ) and there 's a ton of variety . plus they are extremely accommodating for those with dietary restrictions - vegetarian , vegan , gluten free , shellfish allergy etc . just let them know when you make your reservation and they 'll take care of you . all of the staff are attentive and the belly dancer was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the ambience , the food , the service was all really great . barely waited to get seated . we got the prix fixe as part of a groupon . would definitely recommend and think it 's worth the normal price as well . everything we had was pretty good , especially the meat dishes . the only thing i didnt think was that great was the soup . i was a bit upset that we didnt get the mint tea in the end , but other than that , i would definitely come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is decent but overpriced which i do n't expect off the strip . the kabob is delicious but everything else was just okay . they start out with bread and shrimp scampi and recommend dipping the bread in the butter . well , careful with that because we filled up on bread was busting full by end of dinner . they bring one couse at a time so it 's hard to gauge how much you should eat of each course . perhaps several courses at a time will be better . belly dancers were entertaining and service was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love moroccan food . i was buying flowers , and this place was in the same strip mall . their dishes are very traditional ; shish kabob , mediterranean salads , felafel , etc. , and they 're all fine . however , their hummus tasted like it was store bought . the prices were in line . i 've seen the belly-dancer once , and she was competent . the decor was very nice , and the service was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food , service and entertainment were all great here . the seating is very uncomfortable but it is all part of the atmosphere . i think this place was a great deal too at 40.00 each .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere was amazing . the morrocan wine was so flavorful ! the belly dancers were incredibly talented , however , it was way to expensive for the six course meal . the six course meal is n't a bountiful and was n't diversified in flavor . the hummus ' texture and flavor was unmatched in comparison with any other restaurants iv been too . the banana dessert was to die for , but the couscous was dry and unflavorful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food need a revamp , it looks like a mess and taste bland ... shame , because moroccan food is full of flavor , this restaurant used to be great few years ago , now it 's all about belly dancing and liquor . too bad ... maybe it 's time for a real moroccan restaurant in vegas", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a must for some delectable mediterranean eats including hummus , beef kabob , chicken cous cous , lentil soup , shrimp scampi , and a delicious pastry . it is a preset menu including all of this and the atmosphere feels as though you 've been transported to another world . along with the belly dancers and attentive service , we had a wonderful time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you will not be disappointed ! ! ! great ethnic moroccan cuisine , belly dancers , beautiful atmosphere . wish i could eat like this everyday . the price might seem high at first , but i swear it is worth every penny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive never had moroccan food before , i met a girlfriend there for dinner . she knew the owner of the place . he was very nice and helpful , great costumer service . he sat us right away . its couch seating with a little round table in front of you . they have belly dancers that come out and perform . they bring out a bunch of different dishes . shrimp , coos coos , amazing dessert , kabob with different types of meat . a tomato based soup . everything you eat with your hands . the drinks were nice and strong . very nice experience , had a lot of fun and food was delicous . ill definatley be going back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to have a unique experience . yes , it 's probably a little over-priced but hey it 's vegas , deal with it . in addition to getting to expereince a little of the morrocan traditions , i.e. , rose water hand washing , belly dancing etc.. the food is also really good ! the shrimp appetizer is one of the best things we ate all week and the kabobs were just awesome . if you 're looking more fun and less stuffy than the other options in this price range , it 's a good choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here yesterday with a guest , and while the service was great , the food was n't as awesome as i would have hoped . the portion sizes were great . i just felt that the main dish ( chicken and couscous ) were not as flavorful as i would have hoped . also , the dancers were only out about half of the time we were there . it would have been nice if there was entertainment the whole time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! great little date night spot . atmosphere is authentic , food is delish and service is on point ... love all the little touches that this restaurant does , esp the rose water ! ! see you soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to this , restaurant because they offer really good hummus plate and also very delicious ghormeh sabzi and they also have very tasty drink menu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good . you get a lot of tasty food . the belly dancers were amazing . the dessert was n't very great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful in the inside , nice beautiful music the dancer great ! ! ! ! ! food soooo amazing very nice service ... love itttt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for my fiance 's birthday this past weekend with some out-of-town friends . it was unique- you step into a `` moroccan tent '' and has a great ambiance . the food was very good ( shrimp scampi and the filet mignon were exceptional ) . unfortunately , the service was something left to be desired . our main waiter was not very attentive and was slightly rude at times . as a paying customer ( $ 45 pp ) i definitely expected more in the way of service . not likely to return again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was really good . service was great we had fun it 's a cool place belly dancing and all . the in laws loved it you ca n't miss if you 're bring them . safest bet for your girls side of family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i came here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary and had a wonderful experience . the food , atmosphere , and service was excellent . we ordered the 6 course dinner which was amazing . it was definitely a memorable experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on to my next dinner . all of the courses were just ok . it 's a $ 45 fixed menu , and they were prompt in their service . the one benefit of eating here over other mediterranean restaurants is the belly dancers that come out every so often . i only got to see one , but she was extremely talented . visit here for the experience , not necessarily the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first time at a moroccan restaurant and boy did i like it . the six course meal was absolutely delicious . from the shrimp scampi to the kabobs and on to dessert . every bite was scrumptious . the belly dancer had a great personality and she was very entertaining . the service was very good and i likes how they gave you a few minutes in between each course to really enjoy yourself . i will be back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! ! love how there are no menu ..set course meal ... food is great .. belly dancers for entertainment . great for first date ... : ) love the ambiance , but many many years ago , they had pillows all around to sit on or lay back and was very cozy & very relax , but now they have mini chair ; dont like .. : ( over all great place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really think that this was the best dining experience from my trip . this place has everything done right . atmosphere is prefect for group or even couples dining . beer and wine offerings were okay but thats not what people are there for . the 6 course meal offers a lot of food for the great price . after the first few dishes it was n't too hard to get through the main course . desert in this meal was probably my least favorite too much powdered sugar and cinnamon though the peaches made the dish it was n't for me . if your looking for a unique experience that takes you away from the tables and slots this is it . oh and the belly dancing is top notch , just felt crummy to tip here like a stripper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my friends birthday a few months ago . absolutely love the food , the lentil soup is my favorite", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a girlfriend of mine took me here for my birthday . i 'm so glad she did . the seven course meal was excellent . the atmosphere was great and so was the belly dancer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it 's so fun and the food is delicious ! be sure to call ahead and make reservations just in case . we walked in for a party of 2 and thank goodness they were able to accommodate us . there was sooo much food , so go hungry . the price was about $ 45 per person and it was well worth it ! the dessert ... omg . i had plenty leftovers too . oh and do n't forget to bring a few extra bucks to tip the bell dancer : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i organized a group of 21 people for a night circus-themed birthday party . the reservation process was a cinch , and the entire staff ( but especially abdul ) were incredibly patient with our highly disorganized group . the setting itself is warm and felt very intimate -- it was like we had the place to ourselves , even though we were a small fraction of the actual space . the dancers were good and all too happy to let us dance with them . the noise level was not too loud for us to talk freely . they accommodated a range of dietary needs ( vegetarians , gluten-free , etc ) with grace , and called us 5 cabs when we were ready to go . i would definitely recommend marrakech for a large group and or festive event . i looked at a lot of places before deciding on marrakech , and it 's a decision i 'd happily make again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely one of the best restaurant and entertainment experience i and all of my friends have ever had . the service and entertainment was superior and the food was incredible ! worth every penny although for 4 people it was only $ 45 per person which is a steal considering the incredible environment , ambiance and entertainment available here with impeccable taste , decor , style , and flair . we will now make this a regular stop to our trek to las vegas . you will not be disappointed unless you do n't like good food and fantastic entertainment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . they put on some amazing shows , particularly of the punk rockabilly metal persuasion . they also find awesome local talent . i have n't gone here when there was n't a concert going on so i ca n't speak to an average night at the bar but the events were enough to merit a 5 . along with belvederes , one of my favorite places in pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is a sign above the stage and above the bar that says `` absolutely no covers '' . that alone gets this place 5 stars - giving a thriving scene to musicians that create their own work . the ceiling and walls are lined with drum heads and broken cymbals of bands who have rolled through - look hard and you 'll see some names that would sell out stage ae these days . smoking is a downside , but it 's hard to complain about it in a place like this . if you like rock , come on out . the drinks are cheap , too . also , i love the electronic sign above the bar that scrolls through `` fuck your favorite place here `` . some of the names on the list shut down years ago - that just makes it even better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "listen : i do n't like metal . but listen again : i still had a great time at 31st street pub . now i do n't know if you have to be a metal band to be booked here , but last saturday my friend 's friend 's band was playing , and all the other bands playing that night were of that genre . it was packed , but not so packed you were squeezed up on everyone . the stage was small , but the band was close . and loud . plastic skulls line the walls . signed cymbals on the ceiling . a scrolling neon sign says : f uck pretty much every other venue in the city . a bulky golieth of a man takes your 5 dollar cover when you enter . the crowd is extremely varied and most people smoke . a lot . but all are welcoming . i came in thinking i 'd be well out of my element , but left thinking i 'd like to stop in again sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after walking off a disappointing brief tour of lawrenceville taverns i decided to give 31st pub a go since i was heading back towards downtown to catch the t. purely a no nonsense and stand up establishment here with dark smoky attitude and decor . there were no bands scheduled but the stage was charming and alluring to my 4 eyes . drinks were stiff and beer options while not abundant were suffice . after chatting with some young long haired bucks they proceeded to play some great tunes on the juke ( zappa included ) i will have to return when there is a show and let 's just say that if 31st was a dame ( and yes that is an outdated yet still a term of endearment in my odd world ) she would be the girl who wears combat boots even during the summer but has a big heart , but if you betray and disrespect her , those boots are going straight up you arse into your nuts . hahaha", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here 's the thing : great live rock venues are a dying breed . joel 's survived by having consistently amazing bands and treating them well . live music has struggled due to a lot of attention competition in the last 10 years . living and performing for 10 years in nyc during the '00 's , there were few if any club owners that understood how to build and develop loyalty among a scene . joel and the pub have managed to withstand the difficulties of economic and cultural change by simply doing one thing brilliantly : present kick ass rock n roll , reasonable drinks , and a nurturing atmosphere . i miss my touring days and i mostly miss playing the 31st street pub . luckily , i still do once a year . joel -- keep the torch lit , and the j\u00e4ger cold !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a kick ass punk rock bar ! everyone was friendly . all original music is a guarantee , the bar is decorated with all kinds of cool stuff to check out , the staff is on point , and if i lived in pitt i would be coming here all of the time . only bummer was no food close by , but i was n't there for the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! great place to see a live show . the pub brings some great bands to pittsburgh . anything from rock , metal , punk , doom , stoner , if it 's loud then it 's perfect for this place . it 's dark , smokey , skulls , and band paraphernalia everywhere , small bathroom with tons of graffiti . perfect rock bar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found sarah through a friend 's referral and have happily been going to her ever since . i 'm apprehensive when it comes to my hair , but she made me feel at ease , listened to me , offered suggestions , and even taught as she styled . very professional and clean , classy place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience here . the drive thru took forever and messed up my order . they did n't give me the proper condiments that i ordered . and they also do n't say hello , goodbye , or thank you . what terrible service . i had to deal with this because it was the closest thing to me and i was in a hurry and terribly hungry . a mistake that i wo n't make again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an excellent , clean , convenient carl 's with super-friendly service and and super-fast drive thru . just watch out for those new cod fish sandwiches - mine was so hot it nearly took the skin off of my gums ! you got ta pay to play , i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "literally the best carl 's jr . i 've ever been to . it 's so good , it compelled me to leave a review lol . the customer service from the cashier was extremely on point , she was super nice and a fast worker . food was made fresh and it was well prepared . good job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only ordered two sandwiches to go and it took forever to come out . then they walked around with it on a tray calling out a number for an order i never received because they did n't give me a receipt . they finally bagged it up and sent us on our way with a 'sorry bout that'.our sandwiches werent hot but they were , luckily , delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for this girl on a low-carb diet , nothing beats the low-carb six dollar burger from carl 's jr ! when i held that first one in my hand and devoured it with shameless glee , i had a full-on , earth-shaking , world-rocking , life-changing six dollar burgasm ! ! ! swear . to . gawd . damn , i wish i had one right now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked being greeted as i entered the restaurant . the cashier was attentive and stopped what she was doing to service us . i had the taco salad and it was well worth the price paid . 5.99 but enough to feed the wife and i. i was feeling nostalgic so i got a bean and cheese burrito . the size of that for the 1.69 price did n't match . i did like that they had a salsa bar so that made up for it . location was at the corner of dessert in and maryland . i guess they have problems with shady people coming in because they had to kick out a couple of people all in an hours time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious lettuce wrapped thick burger and the service was super nice and accommodating to me with bringing my food to my table and filling my drink for me ( i have a broken arm so that was really helpful ) thanks for the great burger carl 's jr. keep up the good work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan-the prime rib burger was good but most of the burgers are just awful . this location is unique as it has a green burrito in it too so you can get a taco salad some burittos or whatever floats your boat . i like the taco salad but havent eaten here in years .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered the jalape\u00f1o thick burger , and there 's only 4 jalape\u00f1os on it . thankfully i picked my own jalape\u00f1os at home . but this burger is suuper dry . the fries were n't seasoned and only half of the fry container was filled . i was expecting more from carl 's jr. used to love their $ 6 jalapeno burger . what happened ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone at the restaurant was extremely freaky friendly . very helpful . i ordered the nachos and they were the bomb", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is disgusting ! smells like sewer as soon as you walk in . the bathroom smells even worse . the soda fountain is dirty . sylvia , who took our order seemed nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "will not go here ever again and my family of 4 went between us 9 times a week . the manager did not get back with me after 2 wrong orders and he promised he would . shame of him . the workers are nice at this location . i know mistakes are made . he could of fixed it and blew me off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this carl 's jr. one star for every carl 's jr. out there . back home , hardee 's is the place for breakfast . the best biscuits in any fast food chain for sure ( even better than bojangles ! ) i pull up to carl 's jr. this morning expecting to be greeted by a menu chock full of delicous , biscuity breakfast goods . no dice . i told them i hated them and drove off , vowing never to return again . and i still have n't gotten my fast food buttermilk biscuit fix in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to this location while waiting for some car repairs . ordered a side of hash browns and got some work done on the computer . customer service from the counter was superb , and the place was spotless . very impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner must 've sold this place because it has gone to total shit ! the staff is full of kids that do n't even know how to pour a soda , they changed the menu and it 's total garbage . demanded a refund and the shift leader had the nerve to get all kinds of attitude and even flipped me off when i told her how her acting super ratchet was a terrible example for her team . mind you , i 've been eating here since i was a kid and never had a problem . there should always be a manager present if you hire a bunch of dumb , immature kids . she 's lucky i 'm pregnant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know what everyone is talking about this place was clean , fe the lady running the counter was amazingly friendly and honestly it was the tastiest double western i 've had in at least a year at this location ! good job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg . `` my tongue went through a sea adventure . '' sea umami game so strong . next level sashimi~ we tried the omakase experience . the uni ( sea urchin ) and toro ( fatty tuna ) are like sea umami bomb waiting to explode in your mouth haha . the waitress clearly explained each dishes and it really enhance the dining experience . amazing night~ definitely a place to go again . bring your dem sexy date there . that 's dat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with a friend on a wednesday . it was packed and we had n't reserved but luckily there was space at the bar . i had the bloody caesar ( sake , vodka , lime , cucumber ) and the salmon chirashi ( salmon 3 ways : sashimi , tartare , and tataki ) . it also comes with miso soup , a salade and pickled beets . it was very good but i wish there had been more salmon . there were three pieces of tataki and four pieces of sashimi . my friend had the miso cod which was the special of the day . she said it tasted good but did n't like that there were bones in the fish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't say the good is bad but definitely not wow either . a friend of mine went some time ago and had the unidon and loved it so i was hoping to try it . unfortunately when i went , it was no longer available . had a sashimi appetizer and honestly , the fish was n't that great . also took some fried chicken and it lacked flavor . as a main dish , i took the salmon chirashi and it tasted blend ! there was some sauce in the rice but was tasteless . it consisted on salmon sashimi , salmon tataki et tartare . there was only 3 reviews for this restaurant and all were 5 ... i really do n't get it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service , food , and ambiance . the karage and black cod are must haves . the sashimi is high quality . will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every dish is so photogenic here like food p rn , except that nothing i tried here would give you any foodg sm . it 's a shame because the menu is authentic , the service is nice and the portion-price ratio is so satisfying ! so why is it a 3 star ? for example , almost everything you do n't `` physically '' see in the salmon chirashi dish is missing ! besides white rice + salmon , there 's really not much going on . if you simply googled `` recipe for chirashi '' there 's at least 1 c of rice vinegar , 2 tbsp of sesame seed , 1 tbsp . katsuo fumi furikake rice seasoning ... , but the rice tastes plain and the salmon is not fresh enough to 'appreciate ' zero seasoning . my boyfriend seems to be quite satisfied with the `` nutrition factor '' of this meal . maybe it is a good quick lunch option if you want something healthy & fresh in the neighborhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice cosy little place . the food was excellent . and the host was friendly . the uni don and the assorted sashimi were very fresh and yummy . would recommend to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nice meal with my friends . the food was wonderfully fresh and the atmostphere was pleasant for a nice rainy evening . we found that the place is easy to find and conveniently close to a metro ( just a little far from where we live , but definitively worth it ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favourite japanese restaurant ever . loved the umeshu drink , the cod was amazing , the sushi incredible ! everything is so nicely presented , fresh and delicious . refreshingly unpretentious . will return many , many , many times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'adore cet endroit ! tr\u00e8s bon service , nourriture excellente , atmosph\u00e8re relax . j'y suis all\u00e9e pour la premi\u00e8re fois , \u00e0 l'heure du lunch j'y retournerai avec plaisirs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when available , you must get their exquisite toro and uni don combo . also served with caviar , miso soup and salad . their sashimi appetizer is also a good choice , while i was less impress with their unagi don , the rice quality is not consistent . the place is tiny and simple , not recommended for large group , but food quality is good and price is fair , worth going and returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a japanese place serving something other than sushi . been here 5 times ; addicted to salmon chirashi . rice always cooked perfectly , attention to detail , high quality ingredients and food . go and try it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fresh sashimi i ever had in montreal ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they serve very genuine japanese food ! i ordered kaisen don , and sea urchin on the side . a little bit expensive , but considering it is located in montreal , i can accept that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is small and cozy . i enjoyed the service , the waitress was lovely ! she knows the menu well and was useful . the food came very fast . the salmon chirashi was great . the fish was fresh and tasty . my boyfriend had the take kago . he enjoyed most of the plates , especially the karaage ! the portion size was perfect too . we had the strawberry roll cake for dessert which was also amazing . overall , my only complain is that the salmon chirashi bowl was filled with too much rice . definitely in my list of favorite restaurants now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite spots , whether for dinner , lunch or weekend brunch . i love that each meal comes with a small side salad and miso soup . the quality of the food and service is always top notch , and the place in general offers great value ( especially at lunch , when prices are about $ 2 cheaper per menu item than at dinner ) . i 've tried and enjoyed the salmon chirashi bowl , the take kago , the sashimi lunch platter and the seasonal uni don . the food has always been fresh , delicous , and beautifully presented . at lunch brunch , prices start at $ 13 ( for the japanese curry dish ) to $ 28- $ 32 for some of the seasonal specialities ( uni don bowl , blue or yellow fin tuna bowl etc . ) dinner prices start at about $ 18 i think . there 's a reasonably priced wine list for dinner as well ( bottles starting at about $ 30-ish ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was excellent but the service was pretty terrible , and too slow for a quick lunch . i hope this improves !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing lunch menu ! ! ! i highly recommend the sashimi is so fresh and delicious . the place is so simple and beautiful . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic japanese with super friendly service . the take kano box is a nice surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new-ish japanese place in saint-henri . tried it out for lunch and really enjoyed it . decor is tasteful and comfortable . menu is small but well considered ; everything on it looked delicious . finally decided on the salmon platter , and my friend had the appetizer assortment . food is tasty and fresh . a bit pricey , though , which is the only reason i deducted the fifth star . still , a welcome addition to the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great cozy little spot . had the salmon ( 3 ways ) over rice and each was fantastic . friend had the take kano box and the fried chicken was incredibly juicy and tender . miso was served with the dishes as well and it was excellent . my only suggestion would be to maybe have a little music playing ? it was very quiet ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went too late so not too many choice left ! a small japanese resto ... a bit hot as a c not very strong ! food is so delicious ! love their chirashi ... simple but so good ! hopefully can try their uni don one day~", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so delicious ! ! ! ! ! i had the salmon bowl . it was so fresh and tasty . there was an amazing spicy sauce on it that i even asked for more of . my boyfriend got the burger steak.. bad move ! stick to the fish there and it seems pretty fool proof . they change the menu each week and use seasonal fresh ingredients . simple decor , pretty good service . came on a saturday night and it was pretty full . overall i really recommend it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a cozy little place , then fish are fresh however i personally find it a bit lack of selection . their night menu is also lack of hot dishes ( most them are sashimi or tataki ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant is one of the few that i 've been to that nails simplicity . small menu , nothing fancy , just a focus on good food and good ambiance . the salmon chirashi dinner is a great choice , and if you 're really hungry , the fried chicken is really , really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smelly , limited options . very poor air circulation smells like fish and does not make u want to eat your food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently moved to st-henri and stumbled on this cute little japanese restaurant . i love it when the menu is small and simple and nozy is just that ; fresh and good food . the chicken karaage is simply one of the best i had in montreal . pair the fried chicken with the pancakes and a salmon bowl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic place . the menu is small but very well thought out . the salmon chirashi is my favorite . i get veggie dip every time , the karaage is delicious and the specials are great . i had a black cod in miso that was awesome . i eat there almost every week now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not let them touch your car . these folks are very unethical . they offered a coupon through a boy scouts fund raiser to get an oil change for $ 19.95 . when they charged my card for the oil change they charged me an additional $ 3 shop fee . that would be like a restaurant having a fee to clean your dishes . when i questioned them about it , the manager theresa replied , `` it like sales tax , you should always know there is a shop fee '' . needless to say , she would not refund the $ 3 . if they can sleep well at night over deceiving their customers for $ 3 , think about how well they sleep when they take advantage of a customer over a much more expensive repair . they are obviously in desperate need of money . it is sort of ironic that i received this coupon through the boy scouts - do n't you think ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm struggling to understand why this place has some bad reviews . they were wonderfully nice to me , got good prices and their labor costs were absolutely fair and likable . i 'm not even rich nor poor , just so ... average . i know my stuff and was able to discuss what i need and what they were recommending . my third visit here and i defy will return . ask for billy . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't imagine you could pay more ! make sure you know that they will charge you 100 $ just to give you an estimate ! i ca n't speak for their service because i ran out after a $ 2800 estimate . i eventually got the car fixed for under $ 500 . much of the work that was estimated was completely unnecessary ! run from this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thanks paul ! this most recent post was a draft that never was posted when your idiot brother publicly called me a loser and linked to my linkedin profile . just happened to publish it yesterday and it 's an honest and factual review . good luck with your business and business practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ugggghhh so much for me getting a groupon for oil change . i should have known better . the minute he said let 's go over groupon policy bc he has had to deal with several upset people ! i should have turned around and left bc i turned into that groupon person the min . he said $ 60 or he could put the old oil back in my car ! he would n't just take groupon amount off the total . he told me to contact groupon to get refund . the comment about putting old oil back in my car was not necessary and rude . i will not be returning to this business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought a coupon and went for oil change for my friend car and they treated so nicely . we had appointment .oil change took 45 mins but except that we do n't see any issue . we are not forced to do any service jobs ... . i will go for my car next time as well ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , this is more of a 2am type place but heck why not try it at 5pm ! well we were the only people in the place but ! i ordered a veggie burger that was just delightful for a dinner ! it was a huge patty pouring out of the bun ! threw some ketchup on it and was completely satisfied for the evening a head of me ! i bet this would have tasted even better at 2 am after some drinks ! this place is open 24 hours a day and is set up perfectly like an old dinner from the 50 's or 60 's ! the staff was very polite and took very good care of us ! like i said we were the only ones in there but they could have ignored our empty glasses of water but they did not ! they treated us like dinner kings ! probably the cheapest place to eat in downtown champaign for sure and it was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived in cu for 8 years , visited both merry-ann 's locations at least three times , and never had a decent bite of food . skip it and go to mcdonald 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't get the hype . the food is n't anything special . the price is a little high for the food you get . the ambient , well it 's a diner . somehow , my friends seem to love it . i feel like i only go here either after the bars or in the morning after a night out at the bars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cute little diner , open when you need it to be open ( after the bars close ) . the food was pretty cheap in my opinion ( burger and fries for $ 5.15 ) . and if you order one of the breakfast combos , you can switch regular toast for french toast ! if i had n't already been set on ordering a burger , i would have been all over that , since french toast is my favorite breakfast food . and they were quick with the food- like under 10 minutes from the time we ordered to the food being put on the table , and we had 5 people in our group . and you can see the cooks , and how they handle your food- it 's all out in the open . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there once about 10am , sat down waited for 15 minutes , no one came , i left . i forgot to mention , i was the only customer there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service and care at the east 185th facility . so thankful to all the wonderful people . special love for judy , greg , joe , melissa , madonna , carmen and the young lady i called jennifer hudson . thank you from the bottom of my heart for giving quality care to my father and emotional support to my family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i typically love this office but i am upset about a ridiculous $ 15 charge for `` special handling fee '' for a routine blood drawn daughter had ( finger prick ) following her 9 month well visit . so pissed that the office is charging a handling fee . i called my insurance and even they said that they hardly ever see physicians charging for this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been coming to this practice for almost a year . very impressed with the three docs we 've seen , as well as a couple of nurse practitioners . staff is always efficient and courteous . they are been informed and helpful in addressing issues such as food sensitivities and sensory processing issues that many pediatricians are not familiar with or , worse , seem skeptical of . the practice also offers a lot of `` support '' services ( classes for teens , parenting , etc ) and a breastfeeding center . really a great practice for taking care of the `` whole '' child .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful doctors and fancy offices do n't make up for their rude admin staff . they discharged my kids who were all there since birth when my insurance had a mixup and did n't pay for a visit . instead of sending me a letter or calling me , they said we were no longer welcome for non-payment . i could have easily paid that bill lots of great doctors all over the pittsburgh area . not losing sleep over losing this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4.5 new fave spot in markham ! i believe this is the first week of opening , very clean and the staff were amazing . i would like to comment they came by way too often - similar to smash service . this place is more of a sharing style . i loved the brussel sprouts with parmesan aioli sauce and the duck wings . never would i say brussel sprouts tasted so good . both are a must have . i wanted to try the bone marrow however it was not offered today . i also tried the mushroom gyzo which decent as well . i tried the torch salmon and hot fried chicken which was ok. lastly we tried the maple glazed donut which was so good , the cookie crumble complemented the dish very well . i will definitely be back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first review on yelp and this restaurant definitely deserves a praise . my boyfriend and i ordered the brussels sprouts , torched salmon , and the pork & pancakes . my favourite was the fried brussels sprouts . the balanced acidity and sweetness of the balsamic vinegar in this dish along with bacon is to die for ! the char siu pork in the pancake dish is melt in your mouth delicious ! i loved how every dish had a unique sauce , elevating the main ingredient to the fullest . for dessert , we had the banana pudding with earl grey creme anglaise . the sauce here for me was the star . i thought the cinnamon in the pudding was a tad too strong , but enjoyed it overall . now last but not least , what made me write this review was our wonderful server , andrew . he constantly checked up on us and made sure everything is good . he made our night extra special because of his excellent service . i will definitely be returning here to try more of their menu items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a father 's day brunch here . parking was convenient and we were greeted by a very warm staff . staff was very helpful and had good suggestions for what to eat . food was delicious . my wife had the poke bowl , which was refreshing and flavourful . there is no kids menu but buying the baby some eggs and toast was only $ 4 . i had the japanese sauce ( sorry do n't remember the name ) poached eggs on fresh pancakes . pancakes were done well and the flavour really meshed well with the sauce . would definately go again and try the dinner menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booked a table of 8 for my dads birthday today , received great friendly service from our server . we were seated quickly , food came out hot , we had oysters , the famous duck wings , beef tartare bone marrow for apps and a variety of mains , many came highly recommended by fellow yelpers : ) loved the fact that everything had a fun asian twist ... the pork and pancakes had a ginger scallion oil that we see often served with chinese chicken dishes with a savoury pancake and a pork tenderloin ... nice play on chicken and waffles . the beef tartare and bone marrow app tasted like pho which was unexpected but pretty delicious . wished there was more to go around ! they also gave the birthday boy a complimentary dessert of an egg pudding with fresh fruit on a bed of crushed oreo and sang for him : ) we never felt rushed during our dinner and fully enjoyed ourselves and would recommend this restaurant to our friends : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walking into this venue on a friday night feels like a winery . this is definitely not the ordinary restaurant next door . this is a tapas style restaurant with flavours . food duck wings , it was a good size and the flavour was good with green onions and chili . falls off the bone . duck pate was a bit on the sweeter side , and the consistency was a bit runny . grilled calamari it was very tender and tasty . the side came with watercress . you will have a thought bubble , wait i do recall this is tapas but i do n't want to share ! bone marrow with beef tartar i was n't a huge fan of the beef tartar but overall not bad . i guess , with the pate and the bone marrow , a little too much bread . good ambiance and a nice friday night dinner place . they will start to serve brunch tomorrow ! overall a wonderful experience ! i will definitely come back and recommend this restaurant to all my friends ! i ca n't wait until the patio is open !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time going today and was absolutely stunned ! service was amazing , they make sure that you 're taken care of ! food was delectable . we ordered oysters , nd poke , roasted marrow and mushroom grilled cheese . oysters were very good ! poke - my bowl was clean . for someone who does n't like to eat rice for lunch , does n't that say something ? .. everything just tasted amazing in that bowl , i 'm sure to order again when i go back ! roasted marrow - first time trying it and big mistake for not eating it right away when it was served . my girl friend and i were too busy chatting it up and gobbling the poke down . the marrow was good with the beef tartare on top . i 'm still going to give them 5 stars because the experience , food and service was amazing . i was a little disappointed that the brunch menu was n't there because it 's only on the weekends . i guess i 'll have to come back for more ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed dinner here . only recently opened but food and service was excellent . will be back . we started with raspberry point oysters that were perfect . then moved on to spaghetti squash curry dish . mildly spicy and a lovely vegan option . then we shared this octopus which was super tender . finally we had the torched tuna which was fabulous . lively combo of puffed rice and cucumber ! drink selection was small but perfect for our food - bubbles and a dry rose . finished with a digestive and their banana bread . desert was more like a light bread pudding if that 's possible . not overly sweet and served with a great tea creme anglais . casual and comfortable atmosphere . very friendly and knowledgable staff . happy to have this in the neighbourhood . like i said - we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the one place in markham i 'd go for drinks and appys with friends . the decor and food is super hip . especially the bartenders sharon , jamie , amy are extremely friendly every time i come by they make me feel right at home . being in the suburbs it 's hard to find trendy food but next door exceeds expectations and gives the feel of a trendy downtown restaurant . personally i 'd recommend the avocado toast or okonomiyaki for brunch and duck wings , and for dinner bone marrow , pork and pancakes and the fried chicken are a must ! definitely worth checking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is mediocre , overpriced , and portions are extremely small . i tried the duck wings , ox tongue , and grilled octopus . i was hyped up by our server because these dishes supposedly tasted the best , but was quickly disappointed . service was great and the restaurant is very nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here because our favourite restaurant had closed . picked this place because of the reviews . what a find ! everything from the bread and butter through dessert was incredible and a joy to experience - one where the first to the last bite just made you pause and savour it . there were 4 of us and we ended up sharing everything because you wanted everyone to experience what you were experiencing . the pork and pancakes is a must have , the duck wing appetizer had amazing complexity of flavours . the staff were very attentive . the whole experience was a joy . ca n't wait to go back and try their brunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am impressed with their creative menu . i ordered a white chocolate french toast . it comes with a white chocolate ice popsicle on top of a warm french toast with strawberries and jam . the hot and cold give a funny tasting . it tastes good , it 's awesome if you like it sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's quite an interesting find which is also a new restaurant to the unionville main street area . opened just 4-5 weeks ago , the menu is very unique which adds to the interesting restaurants along the street all uniquely their own . ordered bone marrow , duck wings , spaghetti squash , torched salmon and pork + pancake . i would say the duck wings and spaghetti squash are the best out of the 5 dishes . each dish is definition asian meets american style . they are all flavourful , not too salty and portion sizes are good . if you love spicy , i would recommend asking the if the bone marrow and duck wings ( which were suppose to be spicy ) to up the spice level by 2 notches which will being it to mild . great for sharing . my only negative point which made the 5 stars vs 4 stars difference is that the dishes were not hot enough . overall loved the places , decor and creative menu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brought my friend here for her birthday brunch and it was surprisingly good food , service and ambience ... i made reservations for 1pm on a saturday the restaurant was semi-full.. word of mouth goes strong as they have only been opened for a month ... we ended up ordering okonomiyako , nd poke and the avocado toast.. all were delish ... . the okonomiyaki was quite unique , made as a pancake topped with okonomiyaki toppings and sauce.. additional poached eggs were on top as an extra touch ... went well together.. nd poke , was quite delish as there were quite some salmon as well as the avocado and edmame beans . everything was on par ... well worth ! avocado toast has a slice of pan fried cheese , avocado and poached eggs ... our eggs were well done instead ... when i asked our server , it was taken care of instantaneously ... got a new dish within mins.. this is what i call amazing service ... . all in all , a place i will return for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4.5 5 rating ! service : very attentive . the server asked us what the restaurant can improve on in terms of the dishes we ordered . the guys are pretty good looking too . food : asian fusion great for the markham area residents ! the salmon is a must try . their dessert menu is too standard ( but there 's plenty of dessert places nearby main st. unionville ) . thai chilli crab was `` out of stock '' by the time we got there at 7:30pm . will definitely be coming back to try the crab . noise level was a bit too loud due a larger crowd seated next to my table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a birthday dinner last night . reservations were made for a table of 15 - we had 3 people serving our group . service was terrible - food took forever to come , things were forgotten , lots of mistakes on the bill . the wait staff was probably not trained to accommodate big groups . friendly staff but not well trained . food and ambience was decent but would probably not come back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is new and the staff definitely reflect that . the server got our order wrong by entering 2x of one order and not inputting the appetizer initially . he blamed it on the ui of the ordering system . they did not charge us for the extra order and comped the appetizer . customer service well done ! we ordered the ox tongue to start - not a fan of ox tongue to begin with but wow i may have to reconsider now . our mains were the spaghetti squash and the pork + pancakes . both dishes were very flavourful and the char siu on the pork dish gave congee queen a run for its money : p the pancakes were also moist and tender . i just wish they had the maple syurp on the side instead of drizzling it on the top of the three pancakes . overall very satisfied with my dinner . will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brand new restaurant in unionville with a great selection of dishes . i ordered the mushroom gyozas and the spaghetti squash which i enjoyed a lot . some other cool dishes are their grilled octopus and their torched salmon . i will have to come back and try the brunch menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "must try the brussels sprouts , ox tongue , duck wings , bone marrow , lamb , salmon , octopus and end with the strawberry shortcake dessert ! they also have unique and amazing wines ! lovely spot on unionville main street , ca n't wait till the patio opens !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favourites : -fried brussels sprouts -nd double cheese burger average , but would not order again : -nd poke the service was friendly and prompt , but this was on a monday afternoon and only 3 tables were filled ( i ca n't speak for the service during rushes or on the weekend . i like the food at nd more than their sister restaurant , smash . i will definitely be back to tackle more items on the menu . a note that may not matter to most , but worth mentioning as a new parent : the washrooms do not have a changing table ( counter space is also limited , making an unexpected diaper change insanely difficult ) . it 's nice eating out somewhere other than the dreaded chain restaurants , so it was dissapointing that the facilities were not properly equipped for famillies ( especially since the restaurant is so spacious ) . but the delicious brussels sprouts alone is worth sitting through a meal with my daughter 's poop on me . oh well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent place , with the nicest staff . the place is cosy and food is unbelievable . i ordered the avocado toast and recommend it in a heartbeat . the only thing that i would suggest is having options for kids - which they did n't have at the time i was here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an amazing dinner here ! my relatives were in town and wanted to try `` canadian '' food ( in markham ! ? ) , thankfully yelp to the rescue showed me this gem . the brusselsprouts were soooo good , flavoured with maple syrup and bacon , just this side of crispy , we ordered another ! by consensus , the duck wings were just ok , but kale salad and torched salmon were great ( you can ask for well done , it 's half raw usually since it 's sashimi ) . lamb was nice and juicy , portions were so generous we had no room for dessert sadly ! will be back with friends for sure ! pretty decent pricing for the quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , i love this place ! it has a fancy atmosphere and clean look to it . the downside is that it is hidden and the side is not visible to the people driving by or even walking by . i live a 5 min walk by did n't notice the restaurant until a month after it opened . the food taste amazing ! ! i have the puff rice with salmon and the burger meals . i was just sad that it was such a small portion : ( with that good tasting of food , i can eat like 5 portions ! for sure , i will be back there soon with me friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sadly . this store is closing . i always found the owner helpful , friendly and kind . i dont understand why yelp has given so much space and importance to one lady who gave a bad review and frankly it did not seem fair . 3 others gave this store good reviews but they are listed as `` unrecommended reviews '' that seems much more `` shady '' that whatever that reviewer is talking about . going to a small business without calling ahead and then getting mad because they didnt have what you want seems unreasonable . and i have no relationship to the owner of this store except being a longterm customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in the beaches i expected this to be an incredibly over priced store . i was wrong . incredibly fair prices and a store keeper who is always willing to provide knowledge on the product she sells . super friendly , and always offers some tea on cold days :3", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get in , get out - that 's all i want from a fedex kinko 's and that is what i received . went in to send off a package that was already marked and ready , and was literally in and out in under 2 minutes . this location is decent and the inside of it is always clean . the customer service could be a bit better as it did take me a moment to flag someone down who worked there , but overall i will use this location if i must . ( damn you , shoedazzle for not working with ups ! ) i have been here a couple times before and the prices on shipping and random things through kinko 's is n't half-bad and i know i will always get what i pay for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was n't at all impressed . i walked in to pick up an order for my boss which had been messed up on about 5 times before they got it right . at the counter , i saw a lady on the phone so i did n't think much of it . after 10 minutes of being on the phone she did n't even look up to help me or ask me what i needed . i guess she felt that stacking the printer was more important than helping me out . her eyes was affixed on the computer . maybe she was yelping . : p okay , at least acknowledge that i exist and that i was there . finally , after 15 minutes total , another lady came up to me and assisted me . i think they just hate their job . cons : poor service slow service they just ignore you until they feel they have to help you . no eye contact . no smile . pros : it was the only kinko 's close to work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh my , oh my ! there are about a dozen pizza places on the commute home but this one is absolutely the one to beat . it 's take and bake , so the price is great , the `` signature pies '' have some great combinations , and the taste is very good - red sauce is n't too chunky and the crust is n't too crusty . but the absolute winner in all of this is their attention to and accommodation of dietary restrictions . we go gluten-free sometimes , and they not only have a gluten free crust but they make the pizza in a dedicated area with gluten-free flour . so when a dairy-allergic , gluten free family member wanted pizza this was a no-brainer . we had full confidence that if they said the pie was dairy free , it actually was - no hidden whey , lactose , etc . love that they publish the menu and ingredients online , love the combinations , love the convenience , love that it 's just minutes from home . if you have n't tried them yet , do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so well liked by everyone else but i thought the pizza fell short of the mark . the experience was not good . we were greeted by 2 guys who immediately told us it would be a 25 minute wait because they have to many orders in front of us ... .really ? i can get an excellent baked pizza in less than 25 minutes . it turned out to take 45 minutes . not good . we ordered classic margherita , the greek , and royal hawaiian . the dough was excellent but it ended there . the red sauce tasted like sweetened tomato paste , had little flavor , and overwhelmed all of the pizzas . i just could n't get by the red sauce . the greek may have been better as a white pizza . in addition , there was only 2 pieces of artichoke heart on three pizza and several individual leaves . although i did n't like the pizza , the apple and blue salad was very good . but i went there for the pizza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . so fresh with unique toppings . the salads are fantastic . this is our new pizza place . it bakes up quickly in 12 minutes . nice to have an option that is n't heavy and greasy . i love that they have a kit where you get all the pizza fixings and the kids can have fun making it at home . i found the staff to be really friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh and delicious . we ordered a large pie ( salami and basil ) , farmhouse salad , and giant cookie for $ 20 . excellent deal and more than enough food for a family of three . the pizza was excellent - tasty and fresh . the salad was baby greens with toppings . the sugar cookie may have been the best part ! keep in mind that this is take and bake . it takes a little time , but it tastes as if it from a high end restaurant . the staff is learning , so some patience ay be needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gotten a lot of pizzas and salads from artisan and i 've been impressed every time . i love that the ingredients are all natural and everything seems very healthy for getting a pizza . anything from a plain cheese to their signature pies are all excellent and the price is good too . the pizzas are easy to bake and 100 times better than anything you can get from a pizza delivery place . i 'm a salad lover as well and they have good ones to choose from ( the farmhouse is the best ) . they are friendly and the owner always remembers me . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious pizza and great price , take and bake is a great concept and exactly what the south hills needed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible . food was clearly frozen before and was served cold with no taste . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` meh . i 've experienced better '' . i could n't give it more than that . from all the hype i have heard about joey 's in chagrin , i was really expecting to be wowed . i was not . calamari : ok , but nothing special . lots of tentacles . chicken florentine : pretty good , i did n't order it . had one bite before my friend gobbled it up antipasto salad : omg ! can you say pass the oregano ? i really should have told the server that the dressing was sooo overpowering , it was hard to eat . but service was n't that great to begin with , so i figured i may not see another dish for awhile . i really hate when that happens ! and lastly , we kept eyeballing bread baskets ? ? our server was mia most of the time , so we did n't have the opportunity to ask for one . maybe they are n't standard on the table ? we will never know . wo n't be back for seconds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i arrived and there was nobody to seat us . the restaurant was not crowded at all but for some reason it still took our food more than a half hour . and they still did n't have my nephew 's grilled cheese . we had to wait an extra 8 minutes or so for it because the waiter said he forgot to put the order in . and its not like he was apologetic for it . not to mention their alfredo pasta had no flavor . i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my gff and i just had a terrific experience at joeys . had the stuffed peppers and flat bread pizza . super good . love ruth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband i have frequented this neighborhood gem every friday night since it opened and love it . the food is delicious ; fresh , hot and well seasoned . the chicken parmesan is the best in the city . i love their specials which range from swordfish to gorgonzola crusted filet . the wine list is good and fairly priced , we almost always get the house chianti . the service has always been prompt and friendly . ask for rick , he 's great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is excellent , the service is excellent , the wine choices are non-existent . they have a list , but no wine that is on the list . get with it folks , you will not survive if you can not please your customers . i have been there four times in 6 weeks and the last two times there were only three red wine choices . this ruins my dinner ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered takeout , so i can not comment on the service . their menu consists of pasta dishes and pizza , as well as appetizers . we had the black and blue risotto fritters for an appetizer . they were two large patties , heavily breaded and very greasy.my biggest disappointment is that the proteins were barely flavored and thrown together with the pasta . i am used to having italian food that has flavors blended together , this seemed randomly thrown together . i had penne pasta with chicken . the pasta was drenched in sauce , and grilled , tasteless chicken placed on top . with all of the fine italian eateries in the area , i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not terrible , just not great . marinara sauce is a little too sweet for my taste . maybe it will be better as leftovers ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "joey 's had some definite things going for it , but some significant detractions that will probably keep me from choosing to go there again . the atmosphere was surprisingly sophisticated ; comfortable and amenable to conversation , even on a friday night with the large front open to the street . the food was good , but not outstanding in any way . part of the problem was that the drinks and food ( i ordered the pasta terrintina ) , would have registered as rather compelling if it were 20-30 % cheaper , but for what i paid , i feel like i should have had something a bit nicer . i would eat there again , it had more going for it than it did detracting from it , but it wo n't be anywhere on my recommendation list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unless olive garden was previously your favorite italian restaurant , i would stay away from this place . the garlic knots are clearly reheated and not very good . we had calamari as an appetizer . it was lukewarm and just blah . the pizza is a step above the supermarket frozen kind . finally , make sure you enter through lee rd , not the parking lot . the stench from the rear entrance is so bad , we should have turned around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff was really good , very attentive . but the food ... well , it was n't good . we had meatball panini , it was relatively good . my mom had pasta with marinara sauce and meatball . and i had portobello sandwich . marinara sauce was very watery and had no flavor . it was so bad i had an urge to make my own pasta sauce at home ( which i did ) . my portobello was soaked in balsamic it burned my mouth . and the mushroom was n't even cleaned properly . it 's sad that places where they really care about the quality of food they serve have to close ( speaking of sweetie fry ) and places like this one are open ... cmon , it 's not hard to make good pasta sauce", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i had dinner at joey 's last night . we were greeted and sat by the owner , michael , and enjoyed attentive and friendly service throughout the evening . nice ambiance - joey 's is well decorated and the lighting and music creates a pleasant relaxing atmosphere . the complimentary pull-apart bread was arrived warm and delicious . my wife ordered the toasted cheese ravioli and i had a delmonico steak with angel hair pasta . we were both very impressed with our meals . the house made creme brulee was excellent ! we will be back again for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in this place yesterday late in the day while walking to the cvs , because it was cold . wanted a cup of coffee . woman at the bar was eating stuffed hot pepper and we started talking about how good it looked , so i ordered some apps to take home and they were fantastic . it was n't just the food , but the bartender introduced herself formally ( who does that ? ) , the owner could n't have been more hospitable and the few customers that were there while i was were really please with their treatment and the food . plus , the place feels homey , like the original location in chagrin falls . i have a business meeting which i 've scheduled there for this saturday and hoping to have the same experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've eaten at joey 's a couple times and have enjoyed the restaurant and staff both times . we ordered the fried risotto for the appetizer and the florentine pizza . both were delicious . the restaurant was buzzing , yet our food arrived in a timely fashion piping hot . we like the fact that the new owners of the former jimmy o'neil 's preserved much of the charm of the interior . this family owned restaurant is the type of place that cleveland heights is famous for . it 's on our list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . only reason they do n't get 5 5 stars is that the service was lacking . were only one out of two couples in the whole restaurant and it still took a long time for the food to come out and the waitress was n't very attentive as far as our water glasses were concerned . however once the food came out it was fabulous . would try this again especially in the summer when their store front garage door can be open .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend and i stopped by on a whim . we left everything up to the waitor , a young guy tons of energy and happy to make suggestions . i tried the chicken florientine . it was fresh light and delicious . i finished the meal off with a capaccino . all in all it was a fine visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're into hanging out with john carroll freshmen and not being served for 30 minutes in a packed bar where you ca n't move then this scene is definitely for you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i eat here a couple of times a month because we are regular movie goers to the cedar lee theater on saturday nights . service has always been efficient , we let them know ahead of time what time we need to leave and have never had a problem . the garlic buttered pull apart bread is soooo good ! entree portions are generous , and taste great . the way they made over the space from the previous restaurant is a real improvement .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service at bar which was not crowded at all ! my friend and i stood for over 10 minutes waiting to order drinks before my friend finally asked after several times to be ignored to finally have someone come over . no apologies given by bartender . never to go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was really good to take kids . food is reasonably priced and tasty . our waitress was delightful and very attentive . we are outdoors on their cute little patio area . sauce was really good on the fried mozzarella as well as the chicken florentine . garlic bread that is complimentary is awesome . go here for comfort food . i left stuffed and with leftovers . the prices did n't break the bank either . a nice addition to cedar lee which can be hit or miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was absolutely delicious . i had the special which was chicken parm with eggplant parm on top and then the noodles that were on the side , dont even get me started how amazing they were . i cant remember what the actual name of the dish was but i will definitely be going back for more . we had a canoli for dessert , sooo good . every single item i tasted gets 5 stars from me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to the area we were casually walking around looking at the menus of the several restaurants in the area and while we were looking at joeys a waiter came out and was extremely nice and basically convinced us to come in even though we were hesitant since we had our 2 year old and 3 month old with us and were n't looking to be somewhere too formal . long story short we were there for happy hour which is awesome and the place was nearly empty until we were about done with our meal . i got the chicken florentine and my husband the beef sandwich . both were delicious . we each had two alcoholic drinks and a kids meal and our bill was $ 53 . pretty awesome ! will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food at joey 's is good but not great . the pizza has great flavor , but the sauce could have been thicker . i think the ambiance is great with nice fees of the neighborhood . the service is usually on point as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ted , aaron and ruth were fabulous ! i highly recommend the eggplant napoleon . great environment , cozy and sophisticated . best spot on lee road hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had dinner here tonight . we sat outside as it was a beautiful night . our waiter was prompt and laid back . he made suggestions but was n't pushy . we had the jumbo meatball as an appetizer . i am a picky eater and i loved it . very flavorful and juicy . for dinner i had chicken florentine which was fantastic . my husband had chicken parm which he loved . after dinner the manager named michael stopped and talked to us for a good ten minutes . he seemed genuinely interested in our opinions of our meal . we saw him go to every table and at some tables he even sat down . overall a great experience . it cost 65 $ so it was pricy but worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quaint restaurant with a full bar and awesome decor . came here on a date and would definitely go back . dim lights set the mood and the wood floors add to the ambiance . server seamed to be a college student but was fairly attentive and did not over visit the table . ordered the eggplant napoleon for an app ... wow delicious ! both our meals came out hot and in a timely fashion . we finished with a bottle of wine for desert that was just perfect . i 'll be back for sure , date or no date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been to eat here twice now . never again though . the first time we ordered traditional italian dishes , chicken parmigian and spaghetti with meatballs . both dishes were average at best and nothing better than i 'd make at home . our 2nd trip we had a large pepperoni and sausage pizza . the pizza looked great upon arrival but after tasting it , it was horrible . the oil which was used under the dough in the pan must 've had a low burning point because the pizza tasted gross and burnt even though it did n't appear to be overcooked . i 'm guessing they used some cheap oil substitute instead of olive oil . both times we were there the service was good but the place was practically empty . never again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of our favorite italian restaurants . fabulous pizza and light & tasty chew pose ravioli that never disappoints . fabulous friendly staff . a neighborhood gem for casual dining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent but pricy . i had a huge portion of lasagna that was pretty tasty . i bought expensive cannoli that is n't anything like what you 'd find at corbo 's so i 'd probably never get that again . if you go on a tuesday night , be warned : it gets chilly bc they leave the side wall open for the karaoke night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my car in for an oil change , which was done within an hour , so that was great . the mechanic shared that the car needed shocks , gaskets and a new tire rod . i had a family friend who is a mechanic take a look . the car needed none of the recommended repairs . be sure to get a second opinion !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had made an appointment online to get new tires put on my husband 's car . initially they could n't find it in the system . when they did , they said it was for a different madison location . when i got out to my car i double-checked my confirmation email , and sure enough it was for this location . went back in to try to figure out what was going on . somehow the system had an entirely different name for that appointment . so we got this figured out and they put the tires on . took about an hour an a half . when it was all said and done , i got the discount for it taking longer . kudos to your staff ! things did not start out on the right foot but i left being a very happy customer ! they were very friendly , apologetic , and kept me updated on what was going on . mistakes happen ... how you handle them is what matters . i commend your team ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , extremely quick tire replacement , good prices and good staff . came in for a pair of two new tires . no upsell , no high pressure sales tactics and offered several options . went though potential issues with existing tires and got the job done fast . if you 're in the area and need tires this is the place to go . if possible , plan ahead and make an appointment to ensure quick service and an `` in and out '' experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disclaimer ... .the tires would have to be free for a 5 star rating ... .sorry , it 's just how i rate things . with that being said , tire plus did an excellent job . an educated consumer is the best customer . i went in with information in hand on tires and what i wanted . i was going to order tires and have them install . they ordered the tires for me , honored the price i found on the tires and the installation and off we went . i have been back since and the had the same experience . i will go back again soon too ( i should start a tire installation broker business ) . i recommend you go in with some knowledge of what you want , and life will be great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after returning from my tour in iraq i sometimes have a nitch for good iraqi food . i descovered this place by chance after dropping off a friend before heading home . i pulled into the parking lot not expecting much from a place called baghdad restaurant in arizona , but what the heck right ? so i walk in and take a quick look around , i can easily tell it was at one point a mexican food restaurant . i ordered the kabobs and rice and grabbed a coke . the owner was very nice , and he chatted for nearly and hour about iraqi politics and how he likes what america is doing there ... now at this point i had been home from iraq for only two weeks so i was still a little jumpy and expected to hear gun shots headed my way any moment , but i enjoyed a great meal ( under $ 10 ) and a great conversation . the food was not much diffrent that that i experianced in iraq ... . also when i last visited the menus where in english", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend suggested going here and i 'm glad we did . the food was really good ! i keep asking to go again but alas we have not . it 's kind of a long drive from where he lives so ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered big crunch and poutine , get home it was a original and heavily watered gravy . disgusting , rip off ! ! ! stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the first time i had been to kfc since perhaps my high school years and now i know why : food : c- i had the 'big crunch ' sandwich . first of all it was n't really crunchy in a good way , it was crunchy in a hurt-your-jaw kind of way . secondly , it really wasnt that big either considering that half of it was weird `` crunchy '' batter chicken skin . lastly , the chicken tasted really weird , not sure what it was but it was bad enough that i could n't eat any more than half the sandwich . service : quick ( lived up to the fast food name , but there was no one else there ) food presentation : b- atmosphere : d this place does n't even have any seats ! prices : b+ pretty cheap but who cares if you ca n't even finish it . recommended ? : is that a serious question ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "can you believe that they recently jacked their delivery charge to five bucks ! - so when you add tax on delivery , and a tip , you are adding ten bucks to an often awful meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there 's no disguising that kfc is gross in its taste and inhumane practices . i do n't understand the appeal of crunchy chicken skin that stretches off the meat like third degree burns , but my husband seems to like it so i go . as a restaurant chain they do n't even try to make the experience appealing . during christmas time they actually duct-taped decorations up on the wall . duct tape ! the one and only reason i keep returning to this kfc is because of the employee aphrodite . there is something about this woman that i love . first off , her name is aphrodite ! how can you hate on someone with that name ? secondly , i feel like i could make a movie about her life . i 'd make her win the lottery just so she could burn kfc to the ground and piss on its ashes . then she 'd whisk off to greece and have a life similar to that of 'under the tuscan sun ' , except less boring and with more danielle steele action .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "painful ! ! the best part was leaving . i felt like i paid money to have someone beat me up . after i said the massage was too hard , it got harder .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "maricel is the most amazing woman ! ! not only is she friendly and comforting , it was the best reflexology session i have ever had ! ! i felt more energetic and had more energy than i had after anywhere else i 've ever gone ! ! ! i would recommend this place to anyone looking to relax and feel better ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the secretary has a very soft voice so it 's a bit hard to understand her . of course she kept encouraging me to get a longer massage . they did n't really ask me what to focus on . they did my arms , shoulders , legs , back and a bit on my feet . i went there to relieve some pain from my plantar fasciitis but i guess they do n't focus on just one thing . they have dark , little rooms with soft music playing to relax you but i felt like they spent a fair amount of time trying to prepare the room in the barely lit room . it was nice but not really what i 'm looking for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really great ! i have never had to wait and the massage has always been very good . great deal for only $ 30 plus a tip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's affordable , professional and so worth every cent . if you have a group call ahead so you can all be in the same room ! wear loose fitting clothing , preferably a tank top and be prepared to leave feeling loose as a goose .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . so i just got home from my first `` foot massage '' . i was very surprised at the level of service . i read reviews so i had an idea that they started with your head and arms then went to your feet . but did n't realize it was also face and then after the feet , a full back massage . i was a little surprised when my masseuse climbed on my back , but it was well worth it ! i originally came here because my feet were numb after a weekend of dancing in 6 '' heels in miami - and now i do n't think i will ever go to a `` normal '' massage place again . i am totally hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem in chandler . i was refered by a coworker and brought 3 friends my first time it was amazing $ 30 for an hour . we all have gone back on a regular basis a must to go and relax ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would n't recommend . called earlier and asked if they did full body massages . the woman said yes $ 30 so i came in . learned the full body massages are $ 60 . i decided to do the $ 40 one which is half full body half foot reflexology since i love foot reflexology . their foot reflexology is more like a random foot rub . it 's not foot reflexology . i have no idea what type of massage i got . it was terrible . it was a complete waste of time and money . do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ive been coming here for over a year . great service flexible hours . eden and david are great therapists . new owner yula is dedicated to making your visit relaxing ! check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice massage . i would recommend this place . both of the employees i interacted with were friendly and polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i just came here for our first time last night and we loved it ! $ 30 for an hour ( head to toe ) massage and it was amazing . much better than any other massage i have had at those foofy places that charge $ 100 . great customer service ! we will definitely be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! i usually make an appointment but i have also been a walk in and they are always accommodating . every single massage i have had has been great . they communicate with you to find out whether you would prefer a swedish light massage or more of a deep tissue . i always leave feeling relaxed and my sore muscles are always relieved ! the pricing here is so reasonable how could you not try it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place reminds me of the massage i got in kunming , china . you are asked to whisper . the rooms are dark , quiet , and filled with aroma therapy and tranquil music . you lay back on thickly padded , comfortable recliners and soak your feet in warm water while they massage your head and arms . then they scrub and massage your feet and legs . after your feet are dried you turn over and they deep massage your back . wear comfortable clothes : shorts , a camisole , no bra . they will lighten their massage if you ask , but their massages are deep . afterward you feel like a limp noodle ready for a nap ... take one ! the prices are reasonable . the service excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here once a month or so , usually on the spur of the moment and they can usually fit me in within a few minutes , even on the weekends . i originally thought they just massaged feet , i was surprised that they do your whole body . i do n't like the who naked on the massage table thing , and at this place you wear regular clothes and you are in a nice , comfortable chair . they usually ask me about the pressure and if i am good periodically throughout the massage , too . i describe it to people as like a ninja-massage , because they are quick and efficient and before you know it , you 're ready to go . this location is nice and clean and quiet , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was amazing . first yelp review ever ! ! i was raving about it and promised i 'd give a good review so here it is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . great instrumental hymns to listen to while the massage you . they are all so nice , my husband and i love coming here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent massage . you go for a foot massage and end up getting a full body massage . very friendly and clean place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "massages that are fabulous and very reasonably priced . i just had a glorious massage for and hour and a half for $ 45.00 . i always request reina !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in with my bestie and had an hours massage by paula ( i think her name is ) . super nice people , great ambiance and of course great massage ! i 'm sure i left my eyebrows there in the process and walked out with crazy sex hair , but all jokes aside great experience . i will most certainly be back ! thanks : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter came in a couple of days prior and told me how she loved it . i had to come in myself . david speaks very little english but he is great . i did 1.5 hours and it was only $ 45.00 . hard to believe . i went home feeling so new . yes i will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place based on the great reviews . after our experience we are intrigued with this style of massage but are planning to try different places . this place has a lot of hallway chatter , the staff were talking to each other while trying to figure out how turn on the fan , the a c brought in a garlic burpee smell . the massage was good but not amazing . my lower back killed from having to keep my feet hanging over the bed in a bucket of water . i appreciated the affordable price but this is n't enough to bring me back since it was n't that great of an overall experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best place ever for a massage ! it relieves everybit of stress out of your body ! they make you feel very comforable . not embarrassing at all . in fact my husband loves it also . as do the rest of my family both male & female ! money well spent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place everyone is cool and cuts be sharp you can literally go to any barbers chair and not be disappointed . thursday 's are definitely walk in days . call if you need appointments", "score": "5"}
{"review": "raysha is great ! great customer service ! professional and raysha takes her time ... finally found a good barber shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and comfortable ... tyson took his time and did a really good job for my friend ... also good for sports talk back and forth lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the warrior dash is a well organized and executed casual obstacle race . pro 's : -good sized wave starts allow racers to enjoy running with others but not get backed up at the obstacles -well setup course that spaces obstacles pretty evenly between stretches of running -the mud mix was great , like a mixture between setting concrete and quicksand -jumping over fire is always fun ! -the turkey legs are a nice touch con 's : -obstacles are too easy . i think tougher obstacles would make the overall experience better and more memorable , especially since it 's a pretty short race -need a monkey bar or gymnastic ring obstacle . -finished between water truck runs and had to jump in lake las vegas to wash off . i think a water hose shower setup like the tough mudder uses would work well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very fun race . the obstacles were good ( not too easy , but not too hard ) . even if you are not in the best of shape you can complete the race and all obstacles . mind over matter . the big con for me is the shower hose down area . it was n't the most effective . more trucks were needed . suggestion : it would be great to have more vendors especially a shoe vendor like nike , new balance etc . great opportunity for us racers to get new shoes perhaps at a discount since we donated ours", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warrior dash was an amazing experience . located in the very back of lake las vegas , a sea of participants and spectators gathered to ceremoniously declare the day as challengingly magical ! everyone seemed to truly capitalize on the `` carpe diem '' aura by wearing festive colors and unique costumes as they danced to the tunes of world famous dj johnny d while competing in waves to conquer the 5k obstacle course . many of the achievers strove for absolute greatness and some came from far and wide to simply take in the experience while simultaneously having a ton of fun ! i witnessed many achievers reach and surpass their personal bests ' as they can now scratch the world 's largest running race , known as warrior dash , off of their respective bucket lists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lately i have been trying to try all the local cupcake shops so i stopped here . shop was nice the customer service was okay . i felt like i was disturbing him by coming in and wanting to spend my money at the shop . the cupcakes looked pretty but were n't that good in my opinion . the one i had was dry however the iceing was pretty good . i honestly probably will never go back here . wasent worth my 12.00 i spent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "truly the best cupcakes i 've ever had from a bakery . i personally do n't like cupcakes from bakery 's because they 're always dry , but not these . my mom brought us here for $ 1 day , all cupcakes for $ 1 , up to $ 15 , today only , and what a great decision . for a normal day cupcakes are $ 2.25 . i think that 's a little pricy , but it would be definitely worth it . the store is very cute , as well has the boxes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first two bites were n't to appealing but before i knew it the cupcake was gone tbh it 's really just an average box mix cupcake", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in today for dollar cupcake day at the cuyahoga falls location and i had never been there before . pretty cupcakes and yummy ! i would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! we came in over the holiday weekend and got a great deal on a washer and dryer . they do their own financing and have zero percent interest for up to 30 months ! ( oac ) happy customer , definitely will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the credit application process is very easy to complete on line , that was where the good part of my experience ended . i found a reasonably priced leather love seat on line , for a little over $ 700.00 . it said the center console was sold separately for an additional $ 100 . when i get to the store to look at it . this love seat is actually closer to $ 1600.00 . come to find out the love seat comes in 3 pieces , each sold separately . the matching sofa was only $ 1300.00 . i do not think i will be back . i found them grossly overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so , i was in need of a couch . conn 's supplied . salesman was great ! so far the experience was exactly what i was looking for . i up sold myself and now i have some cool furniture that will last me for years to come . do n't be shy.. just know your limit and know what you 're trying to do . have a plan , conn 's will take care of the rest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lewis and vickie went above and beyond to help us it what we wanted . our credit limit was not all that great , but they helped us until it was closing time to get us a great deal . they truly put sweat and tears out . they were awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another forced me to give 1 star ! went there the other day , and was impressed by the store but once again blinded by the bullshit . fucker told me to put like 200 down on a 800 tv and my payments would be about 100 per month for about 18 months ! wtf ! play me like i 'm stupid ? this store would get shot the fuck down in the dino also and with people acting like that i 'll shut this fucker down here ! guess i 'm gon na have to get something because after these fucks ran my credit it dropped 40 points ! credit buyers beware ! my number is 9097479129 if u have something to say !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wo n't bore you with a lengthy review . if you buy electronics and have issues with it just be warned conn 's service center is flat out horrible to deal with and this stores manger is absolutely no help in getting my issue resolved . beauty is only skin deep . conn 's service repair facility is horrible to deal with and the salesman that sold us an extended warranty for a laptop lied about having to send a defective item in for service . we were told we could exchange the laptop for a new one if it failed and that 's is n't what happened . they have had the laptop for 9 days and counting and have n't even looked at it yet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't give them a no star so have to settle for 1 star . purchased a washer and dryer to help build my credit . made the monthly payments plus a little extra each month then paid the remaining balance off in november of 2016 . fast forward to april of 17 and they said i owed 60 $ and the account never closed and now i 'm being charged 1240 $ in interest on 60 $ accumulated inside of 5 months . i 'll never use them and would n't recommend to anyone ! ! ! boycott this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only thing i do n't like , is when you apply online for credit . the sales guys calls you up , like really ? ! ? i went down and talked to them already and i just wanted to see if i could apply online without them talking to me , because i already talked to them at the store , but at that time i did n't want to feel like i was pressured into buying something right there and now . so i figured applying online and see what kind of credit i can get . so that way i feel like i can take my time on choosing the product i like within my range of credit . if i knew applying online would have them call me then i would not even try to apply online , defeats the purpose on telling everyone apply online , but will call you anyways . :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will not shop at this establishment . it may sound petty , but their mailing advertising offends me . the outside envelope looks like official mail and states `` please verify receipt '' . it is my belief that if a company uses this type of trickery and manipulation to get you to open their mailer , goodness knows what will happen when you walk into the store . honesty needs to be carried throughout a business to earn mine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "conns lies about everything sales and corporate and managers they do n't follow contract rules corporate will wait till 30 days r up before calling you back then when do they cant do anything now it 's been 30 days use got screwed on couches they told me it 's leather it 's was n't it changed colors in two months and the conns on dunlop watch out for the sales person eric there he will lie to you and screw you like a pig he did that to me conn is the worst i hope they shut down aarons and rent a center is better than them beware beware beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "review for acceptence now inside the store stay away they are nothing but legal loan sharks ... thy will make you pay for anything you buy 5 times over if you dont do the 90 days same as cash ... harass you at work at home call yr phone 25 times in row ... thats how many times i counted , , , the bbb should shut them down , , , , ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "reggie is the most unethical salesperson . i received damaged furniture along with him lying to me and added insurance to my contract when i told him i had renters insurance . they would not take responsibility of damaged merchandise", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yesterday i went into the conns in chandler and had a horrible experience . this was sad considering i have purchased from conns many times . today i decided to give this location a try . i worked with sherri and had a wonderful experience . she made my trip in very quick and easy . thank you sherri for all your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i was approved for up to $ 6000 and i went into a store to get a laptop a tv and a few accessories . i read all the paperwork and brought the required documents , well at least what i thought was the required documents . i just got a new license on monday so all i have is the paper temp dl . it is a state issued dl , which is all the email stated that i needed . not one place does it say that the paper temp dl would not be accepted . i was ready to spend almost $ 3000 and now i do n't want to go back after my physical dl comes in the mail . i took my entire lunch break and drove in the heat for 20 min just to try and spend some money and y'all would n't take it . i wo n't be back to buy anything and that stinks because i was really looking forward to maybe also buying a new couch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there 's really not anything that i can say about this location . it was n't very busy and the guy that helped me , orlando was very friendly . i was probably only in there for about 20 minutes so the process is very fast if you fill out the application online first and get pre-approved", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got an assorted cookie brownie tray from a vendor , and the fancy bow was about the only exceptional thing about it . if you 're sending things to a customer , it should look professional and pretty - this looked like the kind of dessert tray i 've brought to pot lucks . the brownies were good , but funny that an ex employee 's review said they use ghirardelli box mix , because i actually thought they were just like boxed brownies . it was a good variety of unfortunately pretty dry , mediocre cookies . and for the record , i 've already forgotten the name of this vendor 's company , so the cookie basket obviously did n't leave much of an impression .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have used cookie zoo from our very first order 5 years ago . we give cookie bouquets to suppliers that we use , give them to friends n family in the hospital , send them for birthdays . they are loved by all . thank you whitney for your love of baking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing quality ! ! the brownies were truest homemade with out cutting any corners . the owner was very personable . call to place your order she is not there every day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best . cookie zoo did a fantastic job in making a cookie graduation platter for my step daughter and niece 's graduation . everyone was impressed ! ! definitely recommend them for your next occassion ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered custom cookies , individually wrapped , with my company 's logo on them - and needed them in less than a week - cookie zoo was in constant communication and was able to get them to me earlier than expected ! they looked great ! the customer service was outstanding ! and then - when the possibility of needing more asap arose - they were right there to help out . we are looking forward to ordering from cookie zoo again ! ( and , it helps that all of their cookie varieties are yummy ! ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic cookies & excellent service ! great client gifts : ) thanks cookie zoo ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called ahead to order a tray of decorated cookies and brownies for my friends bachelorette party . i explained the theme and made some suggestions but left the creativity to them . there was a group of 10 of us and i asked to have the tray delivered to our hotel . we were beyond blown away at how fabulous the tray was . it was wrapped beautifully and the cookies were decorated so pretty and festive , and they were so delicious ! our whole party was very impressed and it was one of the highlights of the weekend . a well deserved 5 stars to the cookie zoo for helping to make our celebration memorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used them for a professional event . the cookies were so tasty and she really worked with me on such late notice ! i ordered two dozen cookies of a variety individually wrapped . she added our thank you tag to each cookie 's ribbon . she even gave me three extra for me to taste test . yum ! i will use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a business owner , i 've used the cookie zoo for years to show my customers how much i appreciate their loyalty . my favorite time to send cookie treats is valentine 's day , to set myself apart from the deluge of christmas gifts . my second favorite is halloween for the same reason . never have i sent trays from the cookie zoo that i did n't get a phone call thanking me for the delicious treat . i love that it 's a local woman-owned business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was the very last minute and i needed 16 unique gifts for our annual company holiday party . i though of holiday cookie trays . as soon as i called , whitney went way out of her way to make exceptional cookies , beautifully wrapped . the delivery was on time and professionally done ! thanks to making our party amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you cookie zoo ! i ordered cookies and brownies for my daughter 's birthday and not only was the tray adorable , but the cookies and brownies were great ! her coworkers especially loved the rainbow cookies . as for some of your other reviews claiming you use ghirardelli brownie mix , i 'm thrilled ! i make them at home all the time and they taste good as homemade ! again , the tray was a cute as can be . i would rather have a tray of homemade looking cookies and brownies delivered to me than one of those gross cookie bouquets any day of the week . fresh and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super service ! ! sebastian greeted us immediately : ) . fast , friendly , efficient customer service . sweeeeeeeeet ! ! just when you think most fast food places could care less about their customers or their jobs for that matter , you have a hands on manager like mason running a great crew . he was hands on completing orders also . : ) our drink choice- the fruity excellence of jumping jack flash ( do n't even wan na know the sugars on this one ) was unavailable out in the lobby area so it cost em a star . : ( the guys did fill it behind the counter for us which was much appreciated . overall 5 star service . great location if you are looking for a good jack in the box ! ! : ) enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't normally eat at jack in the crack , but i was on my way to aria to have drinks with my wife and some friends & and realized that i did n't have anything to eat in the past 8 hrs . that 's not smart , especially if you 're going to do some drinking ... .so , i stopped by this place to grab a quick bite to prepare my stomach for some alcohol . i ordered 2 big cheeseburgers and a bottle of water in the drive thru . it was fast and the burgers were hot . they tasted ok ... ..they served their purpose well . will i return ? if i 'm in a pinch , sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "noone wearing gloves while preparing food . the girl at the counter said `` i 'll be with you in just a minute '' and i asked `` do you guys have gloves ? '' she completely ignored me . we made eye contact , she stopped , registered what i said , and turned around and grabbed another hash brown with her bare hards . totes disgusting . brb , clling the health department .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband refuses to go here because of an employee who uses his hands while putting the fries in the bag . happened two times and we do n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used the drive through but i have to say it was 5star from the moment i pulled in . outside area tidy and clean . the voice box was clear , no communication problems ... .. then- i pulled up to the window . i ws greeted by a beautiful lady with a fantastic smile , she repeated my special order back to me , offered taco sauce , made sure my shake was covered in whipped cream , with a cherry . as i got ready to pull out she said `` see you tomorrow ! `` , i know it 's just a pleasant way to send me off but it made me smile ! if i 'm back in this area , who am i kidding its surrounded by drs offices . @ __ @ , when i 'm back in the area , i will go by and order something . hope her manager is a yelper , she 's a superstar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bathroom was disgusting . looked like someone puked in the sink , urinal and on the floor . seat covers all over the floor and toilet paper ass well . restaurant need to be cleaned up a little . floors were kind of dirty . service was n't all that . customer in front of me and myself stood at the counter and waited and watched employee after employee just walk by as if we were n't even standing there . the girl working the counter was handing orders out to go that were dine in and dine that were for to go . service and cleanliness really need to be worked on . food was hot though which is why i gave a two star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't normally write reviews for fast food restaurants , but this location makes the best classic buttery jack ! the sandwich features a seasoned 1 4-lb . beef patty topped with melted garlic herb butter , a slice of provolone cheese , creamy tomato sauce , green leaf lettuce , tomato , and a new `` signature '' bun . other places make it mediocre but this location always give me a steaming warm bun , juicy hot patty , and just put everything together so well ( unlike some places who just slap it together and make it not snapchat instagram worthy ) . seriously , this new bun is out of this world ! it 's similar to a brioche bun or bachi burger buns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jack knows jack in the box , tell them jack sent you for the secret sauce jack knows the jackin people at this jack in the box , for a jack off all burgers , jack in this box !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seriously just left jack-in-the-box and had the most amazing experience i 've ever had , yolanda was amazing ever since she took my order in the drive-through window to when she handed it to me in the pick up window ! ! ! i was honestly so happy leaving jack-in-the-box i 've never had that kind of service at any fast food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here twice . it was the first time my husband tried jack in the box . we had a coupon for the blt burger , and then i got the jr jack . ( i get extra onion-mayo sauce ) my husband was amazed at how good his burger was . the bacon was really crispy , and the vegetables were nice and cold . i should have paid more attention to the names of the young men who took our orders . i believe that on both visits the shift manager supervisor took our order . one man had dark hair , and the second was justin ( dustin ? ... sorry ) . both men were extremely polite and genuinely happy people . the food was presented nicely , and tasted great . for anyone who has never tried a burger here , the meat reminds me of a cross between wendy 's and burger king . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucks ! went through the drive through , ordered nuggets , they did n't put the order in then asked me to park and wait so they can bring it out . they did n't . first and last time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was going to eat at a mcd 's across the street while waiting on my car at meineke 's . they closed breakfast down at 10:30am at mcdumbos . i walked across the street to the jack in the box . got the cheapest breakfast sandwich on the menu . they gave me good service with a smile and a free water . clean place . lots of breakfast items . will return and skip the mcdumbo garbage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they never wear gloves when they prepare your food ! saw an employee making sandwiches with her bare hands , this is now the third time i have seen this here ! they do not care about your health here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has happened to me a few times ... today , december 30th at 2:30am we came to the drive thru ( which clearly states `` open 24 hours '' ) and whoever was working inside completely ignored us . we waiting there for 10min before driving away and going to del taco right next to it . even when you do eat here , they 're always rude and act like they hate their jobs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like going here cuz they remember what i like are friendly and always have great service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been heading to this location for a few years now , and have never had an order messed up at the drive through . they are always accurate . staff at the drive thru are also friendly and responsive . as far as the food - it 's fast food , so nothing amazing , but consistent and friendly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "glad to see a del taco near my new apartment so went in all excited to get me some del taco , drive thru was crazy busy so walked in and was greeted by kiesha at register , she played around and was great . she was really nice friendly and professional ! i 'll start walking in vs drive up just . because of her ! hope management realizes what a good employee he has on his hands , you could tell she liked her job as it showed , most fast food counter people are n't as fun yet professional at the same time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i try not to eat fast food , but when i do i pick jack in the box . the food is prepared quickly and look very similar to how it looks in the picture in the menu . the food has kind of a greasy taste if i order anything that 's deep fried , so i try to avoid those items on the menu . good for a quick bite for breakfast , lunch , or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't really rate this place more than 2 stars , for one thing is that it 's a fast food joint , and if you read my reviews then you should know that i rarely rate anything above 2 stars if it 's a fast food place . this place has low and i mean very low quality of food , but because it is cheap , fast and open late , it will get my money . i really do n't enjoy eating at this place , but it 's really hard to resist 2 tacos for 99 cents after a great night of booze overdose . when the day is over , i usually find myself at this place after hours . i guess you can say that as long as they got cheap food open late , i 'll continue to come here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ugh , so bummed when yelp told me i was a regular after only checking in here twice . got some coupons in the mail , so got a 1 2 off oreo cookie shake for under $ 2 and then went back the next night for a free hot mess burger with the purchase of a gigantic $ 2 beverage . the oreo shake is standard , does n't disappoint . the hot mess burger was n't that great . good bread , but even with all of the ingredients , i was disappointed . props to the guy who helped me for being so excited about this new burger , though . not sure i can get excited about any fast food , but i guess some people can . that 's rad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here and i got a breakfast platter and it came very fast . i ate and the food was good and when i left all of the people behind the counter all said thank you for eating at jack in the box !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered food at 3:07 to go . the 5 employees continued to stand around and talk as i waited 10 minutes for my food ... this is so rude . i am a general manager and would be embarrassed if these were my employees ... this is just plain rude ... just got my food 13 minutes later and it was wrong ... we ordered a home style chicken club and got chicken strips ? ? ? and completely forgot one of my jack 's spicy chicken . then she said well if you want the right food i 'm gon na have to charge you extra ... seriously . because you messed up you want to charge me extra ? ! ? ! this whole experience was a giant fail ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went thru the drive-thru with my wife and daughter . had to repeat back every item that we ordered . i guess they were done taking my order because they gave me my total before i was done telling them what i wanted . oh well . then got my drink wrong even after i had to repeat it 3x . i 'm not even gon na go thru my disappointment with the ketchup .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "telus cityplace provides residential high-speed internet to anyone living in any of the cityplace buildings . the internet is freaking fast ( up to 100mbps ) and claims to be the fastest high speed residential service available anyway in canada . downloading speed aside , i was incredibly impressed with the customer service at this telus . ryan , the hook up guy , was super friendly and will come over any time at your convenience . i was able to book an appointment the day before moving in and he was flexible with time . no `` 4 hour appointment window '' of waiting around . he was in out of my unit within minutes and had no problem coming back a second time ( free of charge ) to set up my wireless box . no installation fees and the monthly service cost is $ 49.99 . they gave me my first month free . i am still in awe at how fast i can download ! wawawewa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast as lightening ... goddamn it 's frightening ! living at city place ... do n't bother with other internet providers ! having recently moved to city place i was rather intrigued about telus , and also happy at the prospect of ditching ( my now previous internet provider who 's name we no longer speak ) . i love everything about it : 1 . fast 2 . inexpensive ( $ 50 plus tax for a decent package ) 3 . you can bundle with a residential phone line 4 . installation switching the darn thing on is fast ... and they give you a time they will be there , none of this wait in all day nonsense ! the only thing that made me slightly sad is that you can not get tv via telus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the telus high speed turbo service . 4 stars for reliability , quality and lack of problems , but -1 star for price . if you get the 300gb package , it says up to 300gb a month in downloads , and 100mb s service . the actual speed is clocked on the speediest sites as 67mb for me most days , but when you compare rogers 10mb service which usually ends of being 1mb , or any other providers ... telus hits it out of the park . i forget what it 's like having slow internet speeds now , and when i look at other people 's , i wonder how they can manage . very good if you have roomates and you can split the cost too ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is perhaps the fastest internet connection it has been my privilege to use since i left university . it 's insane how fast stuff downloads - i am the envy of most everyone in my office for the speeds i can get , as well as the transfer cap ( 300 gig ! ) . the price is more than competitive , i feel , though the recent price hikes certainly reduce the edge there . the installation experience was as painless as you could hope for . the installer came towards the end of the window that was specified . fortunately , the window was 15 minutes wide , and when he was done inside of 20 minutes i had four ethernet jacks with 100 megabit internetty goodness . since getting the service in april , i 've only had one minor outage - while i was at work - and a minor billing issue that was quickly resolved . if you live in cityplace and get some other internet service , i ca n't imagine what your reasons could be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just about the best service you can get in the city , period - if you are at cityplace , telus not only provides incredibly fast internet speed service , the customer service and technicians are friendly , convenient and responsive . just the best and far ahead of any other provider .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the internet works well enough . their customer service hours , though , are lacking as only the staff in that one store has access to your account .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the most authentic new york slice of pizza in pittsburgh . the crust is elastic and crunchy on the outside , but still more stubborn than i like . the sauce is pretty good but there will always be something about the cheeses on pizzas in pittsburgh . what 's the deal ? it 's always a little darker and always tastes a little like bad memories from the school cafeteria `` pizza '' in middle school . after finding this place , i 'm afraid to venture new territory . i went up and down murray ave sampling and being disappointed by every local place there was so i think i 'll stick to p.sola for thin crust and vocelli 's ( they have improved ) for anything with toppings . oh , the workers are really cool ( and always helpful with directions ) at the southside locations . frightened teenagers work at the new oakland location , but the place has coat racks at your table and nice wood finish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my in-laws recommended this restaurant . my husband and i , though , felt a bit disappointed in the food . the pizza tasted a just-ok 3 stars . the salad was 99 % iceberg lettuce and had only a few pieces of cucumber and tomato . my husband ended up going into our refrigerator and cabinet to find additional toppings for the salad . we give the salad 1 star . the italian sandwich tasted a good 4 stars . i guess that the overall average would be about a 3 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "authentic ny style pizza ... mmmm : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was raised on pizza in nyc and , since i started visiting pittsburgh have been looking for a reasonable facsimile . i knew somewhere in the city there had to be a decent slice of pizza . had been to another well rated establishment , mineo 's , back in august and it was ok greasy pie . pizza sola , however , is the closest thing to ny style pizza that i 've had in the 'burgh . went to the pizza sola in south side today..ordered up a couple of slices and yes ... it was very good . worth a return trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its never a good sign that when you are drunk , and the food tastes bad . if patrick , h is correct and this is the best pizza in pittsburgh , this is just plain sad . greasy , slow and expensive . it filled the void , but that is all i 'll enjoy . i agree with the old comedy bit that pizza is like sex and even bad pizza is still good . consider waking up , rolling over , seeing someone there and saying oh god what did i do last night ? yep , that 's pizza sola .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great pizza for the price . the size was huge . the cheese was a parmesan blend which is my personal favorite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a decent slice of pizza in pittsburgh ! the pizza was tasty and the staff was amazing . a fantastic experience , i 'm sure to be back again and again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best late night pizza on carson ! drunk eats ca n't be beat , and the staff was really cool as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good new york style pizza . open late night for some drunk eats on the southside . they only had a couple basic topping options when we stopped in around 1am on a friday , just wish they had a little bigger selection of single slices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my first order from sola and it will probably be my last . i got a large plain cheese , crust was decent and it was hot when i picked it up . however the taste was n't good . it had way more sauce than cheese , so had a very saucy flavor and the sauce is bland . even appearance wise , looked very red . had the sauce cheese ratio been better , it might have tasted differently but it was not . there 's enough pizza places to order from that 's better , esp for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've had pizza all over the country , even the big apple ... ca n't top these guys ! you enter the pizzeria , it 's a single room , show casing about 10-12 full pizzas all sold by the slice or the whole pie . you pick your slice and its served on a paper plate if it 's for-here , topped with a second paper plate if it 's to-go . so simple and simply delicious ! the slices are huge , and one is enough to fill me up . seating is limited to two bar style areas in the window of this shop , facing busy carson street . get em ' while you can , if your a fan of people watching . i also love to just grab food , and walk around the south side . the staff is a very friendly group of forward-thinkers . i 'm just as pleased to b.s . with the staff , as i am to get my slice ! i 'll always be back , as long as i 'm within driving distance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a under a new ownership now . they also remodeled the shop . good pizza , but insensible and terrible customer service ! ! ! ! i used go there a lot before the place was bought out , but after trying it today i do n't i 'll ever go back . their new remodeled design is horrendous . it makes the shop very unwelcoming . you ca n't see much of the kitchen anymore as they 've put up a wall . their counter top is so tall that you can only see their heads . and the employees are usually nowhere to be seen . they are in the back talking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some pretty decent pizza on a normal night , and a great `` snack '' after a night out in the southside . as thin crust pizza is the only kind of pizza worth eating ( yes , i take flak for that ) , pizza sola offers some pretty decent options , from the typical plain and pepperoni to pizzas topped with lots of veggies and meats . the slices are fairly generous in size as well , so one or two slices max can fill up the average stomach . i typically just order a slice from the counter , as the quality is consistent from one style of pizza to the next . tip : if you are leaving the bars at 2 am and want a whole pie , just call them around 1:45 and place your order . you do n't have to wait in line then .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pizza was mediocre at best . took an hour and a half for delivery after being told 45 minutes ( ordered 2 small pizzas and 2 small salads ) . our sauces which were on the order did n't come . salad was nothing to write home about , and they did n't even give us plastic forks with the salads ! definitely not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very tasty . everything we ordered was fresh and hot out the oven . will be returning and would definitely recommend it to friends and coworkers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "standard new york style pizza join . good enough to get the job done . i 've had better , but i 've had way way worst .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well at least they try ... a bad attempt at ny pizza . i have to say the crust is good but the cheese leaves something to be desired . it 's thick , matted , and oily .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did n't bring any plates , napkins or anything . delivery driver was somewhat rude . he did n't even have to deliver it to our hotel room we walked down ourselves", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here last night after driving home from the airport and not wanting to stop for wendy 's mcdonalds . when we got there i was a little worried . as it was late the selection was very sparse , but the guy behind the counter assured us that they had a fresh half pepperoni half plain pie coming out of the oven . we ordered a plain to stay and a few slices of the pepperoni to go . the pizza was huge , hot , and delicious . i was so happy ! i am reserving the 5th star for when i return and see what the selection is like earlier in the day and when they have to reheat a slice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pizza in pittsburgh hands down . only bad part is seeing mike and tonys across the street . what a hard decision to make .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a nice place ! i 've been there couple times , ordered slices and some appetizers ... ca n't complain the food was delicious . very good customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delivery came earlier than estimated . hot and fresh , thicker crust than i expected for ny style but still good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried it , nope ! ! ! ordered a steak sandwich , received a salad shooter sandwich instead with a thin grey meat layer of mush ! ! ! ! ! wife received gyro , no sauce she said it was ok ! ( she 's a marvel super hero -cast iron stomach woman ) my son got the meat ball hero , they looked dry and mushy , he said they were ok but he did n't really sell it like he does mcnuggets , he 's a teenager . his fries looked disgusting like they were made a lonnnnng time ago . wait my son does n't look too good right now , tossed the balance of his sandwich . sola should be nola !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow i have used chazell a c at my 2 business and my home and they are always on time and are able to repair and fix at a minimal cost . they have never tried to up sale me on anything they just show up on time fix the problem and there techs are always very courteous . i have recommended chazell to friends and other business associates to this company . i even had to have them come out on a sunday to my 79 year old moms house because she had no a c and it was 110 degrees outside and the manager rod waived the service charge . i will definitely use and recommend this company to everyone . it 's hard to find a dependable and reliable a c company now a day but i have . thanks i hope nothing will ever change with your hospitality or customer care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best customer service and professionalism i have seen in the best 15 years ! they called to tell me they could come early after my a c died with company coming . so kudos to the office team . their tech arrived in a branded truck and a clean white uniform . jake was professional , courteous , and knowledgeable . he diagnosed the problem quickly , repaired it and then made sure that every other part of the system was in good working order . i would highly recommend them . i wish all businesses were as professional and courteous as the employees of chazell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the hottest part of the summer , of course our air conditioner starts blowing hot air . one call to chazell , the had someone to our house within 24-hours . they told us the tech would be at our home between noon to 6pm , he arrived promptly at noon and called to confirm he was on the way . our tech went over the entire unit , diagnosed the issue , gave us updates and quotes every step of the way . within an hour , he had replaced the part we needed , called and found the other part that was needed and had it delivered and cold air was blowing ! fast response , quality service and a fair price . very happy with the part warranty and service from the main office as well as the knowledgeable tech . chazell will be on my speed dial for all thing air conditioning from here on out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best part about this company is their customer service ! they do a great job and are always doing exactly as they promised . never over charging and always friendly . the man that helped me and came out to my house was jr . he was hands down the best technician i have ever had . this is the company to call if you want the job done right ! 10 10 would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not coming back . after seeing how the owner becky treats her employees , i will not support her business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live across the street from this second cup . and i love sc overall , this location would have been decent if only it were cleaner and i understand its mostly the fault of the customers however on several occasions that i have gone there i was horrified to see the front door plastered with greesy fingerprint marks all over . it was a turn off ... still is ... even though it 's across the street from where i live , i will not visit them again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it only took me 3 years to find out that this place was walking distance from my home ! once it was found it quickly became a favourite . the staff knows what i usually get and they are always friendly and welcome me with a smile . the staff is very knowledgeable of the coffees and different variations of it . they are always able to suggest something nice to try . i like this place because it 's close and canadian-owned .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this second cup is ... .meh . it 's almost always packed ( as in , ca n't find a single seat packed ! ) as there is a college and a mall nearby . there are only 2 outlets in the entire coffee shop , so make sure your gadgets are charged before heading here . the employees always seem tired and worn out , so i do n't really get a smile or a hello when entering . all the college students always make this place extremely loud , so it 's not exactly a place to have a coffee and get some work done . the wifi is spotty ! this is the location closest to my place in canada , so that 's why i keep coming here even though i 'm apathetic towards it . the coffee is mediocre at best ( tim hortons is way better ! ) and the service is drab . try out a different coffee place if you 're looking for a nice atmosphere and good coffee !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took my range over here for some suspension problems . ost me thousands yet the problem was not fixed.took it elsewhere in scottsdale and problem fixed and my car rides like new . they are good guys but i do not think they are qualified to repair high end vehicles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped in for an oil change a few weeks back because of the yelp reviews . i was not disappointed ! great service at fair prices . the waiting room is very comfortable and the people are hospitable and professional . highly recommended : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well ... ... ... i 've found my new mechanic . my car was having some very serious issues and i took it to 3 different places , non of which could diagnose what the issue was . my co-worker recommended this place as they have worked on her bmw multiple times and she spoke glowingly of them . i went in and after a bunch of different testing ( which came at no charge ) they were able to tell me the issue . it was n't a cheap fix by any means , but they did it for about $ 1500 less than the dealership . i dealt mostly with the owner and he is the epitome of a stand up guy . give these guys a shot ... ... you 'll be glad you did . plus , they 're right next door to little miss bbq . have some lunch while they 're taking care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service at a great price , billy is the man . always around 50 percent less than what dealership charges !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my camry 's ac locked up for the final time ... billy quoted me $ 400 less than the toyota dealership , and stuck true to his word . they have amazing service and were willing to work around my schedule , even offering to give me a ride to work from the shops and pick me after my car was done being serviced . i will definitely be going back there for any major services . plus , they have two sweet 80 's ferraris ( a la christy brinkley ) , massage chairs , and a bench press in their waiting room . something for everyone ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the pest services with a good price , i will never go to any anther place : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "billy has always been awesome to work with and works around our busy schedule . its important to find a great mechanic when moving to a new city and these guys are it . they have never overcharged me or tried to sell me something i did n't need . the guys at fayad always take great care of us and our cars.we take the problem-prone range rover ( pos ) there and saved hundreds less than the dealership . not saying the rr is cured of its demons , but it is running . : ) these guys fix everything from a ford to a $ 150k bmw . they are knowledgeable in just about every car . give them a shot , they will not disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on experience last year , i would not recommend . i dropped car off before going out of town and when i returned 3-4 days later , it had still not even been looked at . forced to rent a car . they kept for an additional 2 days just to diagnose the problem . in the end , they still did n't identify or repair it , yet i was still charged . had to take it somewhere else to diagnose & repair . good guys , but not the most capable mechanics .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great car repair at a great price $ $ i take my prius and my audi and they know it and do it all ! thank you nadel", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great find ! we had a puppy emergency and stumbled across this place in need of help . our puppy had been bit and would definitely need stitches . being a saturday , we did n't know where to go . the staff was friendly , comforting and dr. wright was patient , kind and attentive . they made this traumatic ordeal seem much less severe and took care of our little puppy swiftly and professionally . we have been back 3 times since and would highly recommend this team for your furry children : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my pets to kaibab for over 15 years , and while the doctors ( and my pets ) have changed , my `` kids '' have always received excellent care . we 've been seeing dr. matchette for the last several years and she always takes plenty of time to explain what she 's doing and what my options are . my cat has diabetes and my dog has valley fever so we are in there a lot and i never feel pressured to spend money on unnecessary procedures . they offer reasonable feline and canine health plans , and having both my boys enrolled has saved me quite a bit of $ $ in the last year . i also appreciate that they have recently extended their hours to include sundays . the staff are all really friendly and caring , and they always follow up with a phone call the day after a visit to see how my pet is doing . five stars = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! ! love this place ! ! ! and so do my cats ! dr.wright is not only a miracle worker , he is kind and caring . dr.wright will explain things to you in language you can understand . he is patient and will give you options . he really understands the love of pets and the need for sensibility ! my kitties respond very well to him because he is just one of those people . in addition , the entire staff at kaibab is terrific ! they are all friendly and helpful and seem to work together well ! also , the resident kitties are sweet , friendly and funny . benny always comes over to say hello and make new furry four legged friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a medical director at a large companion animal practice where dr. darren wright was a chief of staff . through personal observation , i found dr. wright to be an excellent veterinarian who always places his patient 's best interest before all else . he is honest and has a remarkable degree of integrity . i can attest , first hand , that dr. wright has a very high skill set in medicine and surgery and i trust him with my pet explicitly . dr. wright recently purchased kaibab animal hospital and i can see that he has certainly placed his stamp on the practice by the high level of excellence in both client and patient care . i give my highest recommendation for kaibab animal hospital to any pet owner seeking a veterinary hospital for their pet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that take great care of my dog coco every time . they are upfront with their pricing and are very reasonable . your animals are in great hands here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , this place is now under new ownership . i ca n't comment on the past owners , but the new owner , dr. wright , is amazing . he interacts with my baby girl ( bella ) in a way that makes her feel comfortable , even while giving her vaccines . he is very thorough both in the work up and the explanation afterwards of what to expect watch out for , etc . the office staff is very friendly , and greeted me as soon as i walked in the door . i have followed dr. wright around the valley for a reason , he is very competent and able to undertake some pretty advanced medical cases . you ca n't go wrong with this guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you dr. wright for your caring and kindness when helping us with pickles ' passing . we appreciate you and your assistant coming to our home yesterday evening and helping us make the hardest decision our family has ever had to make . we deeply appreciated your compassion and sincerity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we got our second dog from the pound , she came with a coupon for a free initial checkup at kaibab . whoo-hoo . even better ? it 's maybe a mile from our house ... whoo-hoo . so far , our experiences have been positive . they always greet us with a smile and offer many treats and lots of love to our dog . we 've seen 2 of their vets . both have spent a good amount of time with us , explaining issues and options the couple of times we 've been in . they offer a sort of `` pet insurance '' ... basically a yearly fee that covers office visits and basic things like yearly shots , stuff like that . since our dog seemed pretty healthy and young , we opted not to do it yet , perhaps when she 's older . overall , a great vet place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my pup olive has been going here for several year and with several health issues . the staff has always been kind and accommodating to my girls special needs ( she will eat any other furry creature ) . i have always been seen quickly usually same day and have never had any issues with the care , they will give you options but will not push you if it is something you do not agree with or simply can not afford . all and all after several bad vets i am so very thankful to have kaibab close to my house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been bringing my pets here for years . there is always immediate availability and the staff and vets are great . they genuinely care about my pets and their well being . although i bring my pets to a clinic for shots and order my scripts online ( much more affordable ) , kaibab keeps records for me and is helpful in getting my scripts filled online . vets are not nutritionists so do n't look to them for food recommendations . they do what they are supposed to do and they do it well . i would and do highly recommend them for your pets ' care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am thrilled i found this place ! dr. brown and his staff are wonderful ! dr. brown spent a lot of time on the examination and answered our many questions . i appreciated that he did n't push any unnecessary services or products on us . he found a lump on one of our cats and told us just to monitor it and bring him back in if it gets any worse , rather than opting to run a bunch of expensive tests on him immediately . we brought our cat in about a month later to have the tests done and he was very upfront about the cost and what they were testing for . i also like that they send you an appointment reminder text the day before . their prices are reasonable and the first exam is free . this is the only place i 'll be bringing my cats to from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best animal hospital that we have ever been . the staff is amazing , everyone is really nice and they love animals . we have been in at least 10 different animal hospitals in az before we finally found this one , and we can tell that there is no one like this . they always are right of what bruno ( our dog ) has and if they know he does n't have anything they talk to you with the truth , they do n't just try to sale u medicines and make useless tests to your dog so you spend money on them like in other hospitals that we have been . bruno loves this place , he gets exited when he enters coz everyone is nice to him . we totally recommend this place if you want your dog to be healthy and happy and if u do n't wan na waste your money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to the staff and dr. matchette for the wonderful vet service i received today . my 3 dogs ingested a large bar of chocolate this morning so i called kaibab and they were able to see me immediately . dr. matchette took great care in examining my dogs and explaining what she was doing . luckily , my pups are ok and dr machette let me know what to watch for in the next 24 hours in case of any changes in my dogs behavior . i appreciated the quick appointment time and friendly and helpful staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i brought our terrified little rescue dog here yesterday for her first check up . let me just say..we were pleasantly surprised ! the staff members are wonderful and the dr was so kind and patient . we did n't feel rushed at all which is new to us , having moved here from boston a few weeks ago . very thorough exam and time spent just sitting with our little girl giving her some tlc . they put in the extra effort here , and their love for animals is obvious . i would 100 % recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a great vet ! so happy we found them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kaibab animal hospital in scottsdale is one of the best . when i needed my dogs fixed , i gave them a try . dr. wright and his team made it a simple process , when i came in with my two doxies in tow . the office is very clean , which made me feel good about the health of my pups . after that , kaibab became our veterinarian of choice . both doctors educate you about the suggested procedures beforehand - no surprises . we now take our dogs in for routine exams and the normal services that rambunctious wiener dogs need . i love that you can schedule online . i highly recommend this veterinarian for those in scottsdale , east phoenix and the east valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. wright and his team of lovely assistants are amazing ! he has treated our 13- month-old puppy cinder since she was 5 weeks old and today we brought in our 14-year-old german shepard for an emergency visit . dr. wright exhibits the same level of care and compassion for both dogs . he takes the time to explain our options and he reviews the diagnosis in detail . he does n't upcharge for his services and there 's no pressure to get lots of expensive tests . drs . brown and wright genuinely care about our four-legged family members . they always call the next day to check on our pets welfare . their fees are reasonable and they 're open 7 days week , which we appreciate . we have a total of 5 pets and we intend to bring them all to kaibab animal hospital . thank you all for the kindness you 've shown our family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i actually found kaibab on yelp when looking for a vet for my puppy . she is my first dog and was sick when i adopted her from he humane society . i am happy to say she is thriving and i know having a great vet contributed to that ! she 's only been coming here a few months but they always treat her with care and ask for detailed updates on her pre-existing conditions . very glad i found kaibab .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dog bear had a bad ear ache so i checked yelp and found kaibab animal hospital . i was so happy they could get me in . we arrived on time ( asked if we wanted water or coffee which was nice ) and were quickly put in a room where we were able to fill out paperwork . easy . a little about bear . he is a 12 year old 72 lb pit mix rescue who will bite out of fear . he is super strong . we tried 2 different muzzles and he did a houdini out of both . the staff were very patient with the situation . dr wright gave him a sedative which should have worked in about 5-10 minutes . took 20 minutes .staff kept checking on us hoping we did n't have to give him more meds . they were finally able to work on him and did a great job . he offered options and took the time to explain everything to me . thank you dr wright and team ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. brown ... .he is compassionate and knowledgable . he never rushes us out the door and we never feel like he is trying to see 10 pets per hour ! i have followed dr. brown and he has been my only vet since 1987 ! great care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceedingly good care . very personable . i even got a phone call directly from the veterinarian on his day off who he thoroughly went over my dog 's blood results and went over possible treatments . again this was on his own time . refreshingly caring and professional . i am very impressed . and i plan on moving all my family members pets ticket treatment when needed here.thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent veterinary care ! i really appreciate the knowledge and friendliness of dr matchette and the staff . their actions show they really care about the animals and are concerned about their well-being . i know when we take our dog for an appointment that she is being treated with kindness and utmost care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called for an immediate visit because our dog was bit by another dog . they were very sympathetic and said to come right away ! everyone was great from front desk staff , to vet assistant to vet . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office was able to get us in right away . very friendly staff . dr. brown was very knowledgable and nice to both us and our pet . pricing was very affordable and was quoted prior to treatment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must go for pet owners in the valley . if you live far or not make the drive . the people are top notch and the service is next to none . we moved to north scottsdale and still make the trip for our dog because they are the best around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll never bring my dog back here again ! the front desk staff were so nice ! the veterinarian dr. matchett is a different story . so rude , she makes you feel stupid like you know nothing about your pet . we started talking about food for my pet and was trying to argue with me and say she 's never heard of that food before . well maybe she needs to do research because i buy it at pet smart . then she tried to give my dog a treat , i told her no so she wanted to argue . very rude . if i do n't allow my pet to have corn , wheat or soy then do n't try to push it when i already told you no . she is so unfriendly and rude ! ! ! i will never bring my pet here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had taken my cat to one of those chain vets and they wanted to run a bunch of expensive tests that were n't going to tell much . i called kaibab and the girl quoted a fair price and offered to schedule an appointment right away . i called back and was seen right away ( not my experience with the chain ) . i was instantly comfortable with dr. wright and he knew exactly what test to do to get a good diagnosis ( $ 400 cheaper ) . dr. wright was kind , compassionate and patient as he explained my options . although the news was not good , i am grateful to have kaibab animal hospital as we go through our final months . thank you kaibab animal hospital !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this veterinarian office ! the people at the front desk are always so sweet . we have a baby french bulldog and he is not afraid to come here at all . we recently got his second round of shots and he did n't even yelp during the shots because the vet team is so fantastic . even while you are sitting there talking to the vet he sits there and holds the animal and they feel very safe . they also offer puppy and adult dog insurance plans for a affordable price ! ! our little man will definitely be a long term patient here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt very safe and comfortable taking my kitty to kaibab animal hospital . they truly care about the animals that are coming in . dr. wright is a great ! i can trust the doctors and vet assistants with my fur baby : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved here from michigan and needed to find a new vet for my fur baby since he was not feeling well . i was very impressed in how professional and nice everyone was . i was also impressed in how quickly i was able to secure an appointment . the vet was extremely thorough in his exam of my baby . he asked a lot of questions and also reviewed all the paperwork i brought in from my last vet . the next morning i received a follow-up call to see how my boy was doing . i 'm very happy i was able to find a great veterinarian so quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy i found this vet ! ! the staff does a nice job making sure my dog is always comfortable and cared for . they will also call the following day to check to see how she 's doing after a visit . they have extended hours and reasonable prices . this is always a great vet experience and i refer them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is i am incredibly grateful for dr wright and his amazing staff ! just this week i had to take both of my small dogs in for urgent care ! the staff was friendly and helpful ! i took my chihuahua terrier in because he had been intensely coughing for several days . they were able to fit us in right away , and we 're really great during the apt . that night my pug started coughing so hard he starting throwing up . i called the next morning and they squeezed me in between dr wrights surgery appointments . the dr did n't make me feel rushed or that i was inconveniencing him at all . he took such great care of my pups , offered several options for their care and let me choose what i could afford thought was appropriate ( did n't shame me for not choosing certain options ) and they offered great payment plans . thank you guys so much ! so glad i drove past their office and that the reviews were actually as great as the experience ! we will be customers for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` i love that the dr. does n't believe in giving dogs their vaccinations every single year . everyone was kind and gentle with my dogs and when i talked to the dr. she listened carefully to all my questions and concerns and so i felt like i was her only client ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! super affordable , clean , and welcoming ! the staff are all extremely friendly and helpful , kim was great , she made my first experience here really great and was super gentle and sweet with my puppy . if you 're in the scottsdale area and looking for a vet i highly recommend coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience at new vet . not only do they take my insurance but the staff especially kim was so very nice and professional . really appreciated the follow up call the next day . thanks for a very positive visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our extended family has taken our pets here for many years and i highly recommend this office . dr. brigdon is a fabulous vet , takes time and care with the animals , and the owners , too ! she has helped us through many difficult times , offering sound veterinarian advice . the staff here is wonderful . on many occasions , they have gone above and beyond to help us with scheduling etc . always friendly , polite and responsible . in summary , i know if my dog or kitty is ill , she will get the best care here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stacy your secret spicy bbq sauce is kinda hot . when i drove up , several people already had orders in and waiting . that is a good sign . stacy 's smokehouse has only been open since tuesday . i think the old and small , former taco shop is going to be a perfect street bbq house . pulled pork sandwiches rank right up there with me so i placed my order and my friend , this is indeed a 5 star recipe . falling apart in it 's tenderness and with a hint of hickory smokiness combined with stacy 's favorite homemade bbq sauce , what a beautiful meal it was . expect a little wait and cash only but it will be worth it . you can have spicy or mild sauce . good luck guys , your food was excellent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one star . the brisket was overly fatty and tough , and the 2 ribs were chewy and over-sauced . i like fat on my meat , but not to the point where there 's so little meat that all i 'm chewing and swallowing is fat . it was very unpleasant . the cornbread muffin was not moist at all and landed on the table from the server 's hands with a rock-like thud . i 've had better macaroni salad at aj 's . there was not one redeeming quality to the meal . my friends ' pork sandwiches were tasteless also , with semi-cold buns and touch chewy meat . ca n't believe i paid $ 11 for this meal , and i really ca n't believe that this restaurant was featured on a national food show .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mediocre and that 's being generous . wait was terribly long . over priced for the quality . all the meat was drowned in bbq sauce . so many flies in dining area i could n't enjoy my food . my brisket was dry and lukewarm with crunchy bits . links were average and macaroni salad nothing special . i paid $ 11 for something i did n't even eat . i would n't come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service from this little shack . more beef brisket on the sandwich than was expected . tasty , and worth the price ( 7.90 ) , but i like a more smokey flavor than what was provided . if i 'm in the area again i will be tempted to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , maybe it lacks consistency or something judging from other reviews ? i 've been here 2 times and have had positive experiences both times . i mean , just get take out , do n't hang out there . i found stacy to be very amicable and the young man who was working with him too . he gave me a free iced tea while i waited because it was hot out , which i thought was awesome . i got a rack of ribs and corn bread . i think bbq is really a subjective thing because of different styles of sauces and woods and cuts of meats . i thought his ribs were very good both times . but , i like a sweet with heat sort of molasses based sauce . i 'm not crazy about the vinegary kind of sauces so i do think it 's subjective . i did take the ribs home and broiled them for a few to caramelize them . but i like his sauce a lot . cornbread was awesome . i would n't hesitate to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was n't expecting to get such great bbq ! the brisket was amazing and the pulled pork sandwich was probably the best i ever had . keep up the great work fellas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still delicious and you can use a credit debit card now ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slightly disappointed they did n't have any chicken . : ( i had to settle with turkey which was okay but it just was not as moist as the turkey i make . with that said i am giving this place 3 stars because that early in the day how can you be out of chicken ? i do not live close so its hard to say that ill be back soon to try the chicken some day . i 'm just hoping to god that its not dry and sliced like the turkey they gave me . bleh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to stacy 's for the first time after seeing it on food network , where it was called the # 4 best bbq in the country , so my hopes were high , but it did n't quite measure up . i got the pulled pork sandwich and fried okra . the portions were good , but the pulled pork was kind dry and a little tough , and the okra 's flour mix did n't seem to be very well seasoned , like it was just flour . over-all it was ok , do n't think i 'm going to rush back though . i wish bigfoot bbq in flagstaff had a location here in phoenix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disclaimer i had a pulled pork brisket sandwich from a catering truck at an event . cost was $ 7 and included a side . the smell from the truck was fantastic and i was starving , so i could n't wait to dig in . first bite , i got a mouthful of gristle . ok , no problem , if at first you do n't succeed ... bite in again , another mouthful of gristle . after i finished my last bite , i can conclude that their barbecue sauce and bread was very tasty . the little bit of meat i had in my sandwich was n't bad , but i was so underwhelmed by all the gristle that it just was n't enjoyable at all . hopefully this is the exception and they offer delicious briskest . unfortunately , this was n't the case for me or my wife .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the walk up window though me off ok food but i had better bbq in phx", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they do n't have the lunch specials on the menu or tell you about them if you do n't ask , so make sure to ask . the sandwiches do n't come with fries and their fries are over priced for not being very good . the pulled pork sandwich is good and so is the sauce . also , expect a long wait especially if people are ahead of you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "flies on the counter , greasy menus , rude employees , and out of beef ribs at 3:00 p.m . i tried you twice and both times it was a failure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visiting from chicago ... first , we arrived late , almost closing time . the guys were great-they recommended the brisket and it was amazing . cowboy beans were excellent and portions huge ! ! friendly service , good food , a high character bbq place . not for someone looking for a fancy sit down place . but if you are looking for good quality bbq , i recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here twice now , first time i got the ribs which were average at best but pretty expensive considering they were n't special . i went there today to get some chicken and mac and cheese , i figured that at lunch this place would have been packed -- completely false . i was the only one ordering food and waited a good 10-15 mins before i had to ask them how much longer . seriously , i could hear the 3 of them talking and they forgot about my order ! it definitely does n't take 15 min to get food ready . the food is 2.5 stars at best , service is about 0 stars . if you want good bbq , you 're much better off going somewhere else despite stacy 's appearance on tv . go to joe 's real bbq in gilbert , good food and good service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place ! our daughter told us she saw it on a food network show and we tried it . the pulled pork sandwich was awesome , the beans were amazing and the fries were good . good portions for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of all the serviceontario locations that i 've been to over the years , this one is definitely high up on the list . there is plenty of parking because it 's located in a plaza with tons of food options . this serviceontario looks small on the outside but was pretty large inside , with seats and a tv to pass the time . i came here to renew my driver 's license and license plate stickers . once i was served , things moved quickly . however , it took about an hour before i was served . what else do you do but observe the people who work there ? unlike other reviews , i thought the people who worked there were great and seemed very helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of those places we all have to visit and wait in line at for various reasons . while it is not ad bad as it once was , it is still a rather painful experience . this is one of two locations on the gta that can process and renew an enhanced drivers licence . as such , visiting same is a necessary evil . visiting during off peak hours is highly recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ignorant , obnoxious very unprofessional workers seem to hate their jobs . ( went to different location get the service done with smile ) people who worked there must go back to the countries they came from . they bring same shit that force them to leave their birthplace and trying to make canada look the same . idiots at the desk and idiot manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's spacious and has a ticketing system like you 'd find at a passport office , so you can sit while you wait . service was very fast and knowledgeable . would come again . there is free parking in the outdoor plaza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished with service canada , that was a 2 hour wait , i got to this service ontario location spot 54 to 80 zipped by , maybe the other people left in frustration , the wait 13 minutes . attitude , like most gov't locations , they arent paid to be friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is way bigger than the one i usually frequent in my neighbourhood . there are tvs to watch . a seating area for you to sit down and wait for your turn , there is even vending machines ... why do i need all these if i just here to renew my stickers ? ! i do like how they organized the queue for service by why you are coming in for : health card driver license renewal ? abstracts ? stickers renewal ? all of others ? instead of every one waiting in line by who arrived first . have you ever waited in line when everyone in front of you have all these complicated things that need to be process and it took forever ? time took for sticker renewal : 10 minutes all others : 50 minutes the parking lot though could be crazily busy especially during lunch time since there are almost 10 restaurants inside this plaza !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started with the mix ceviche , which came in good.portion and good flavor . but they provided some spicy vinegary onion sauce , which just took the dish to level 99 . in fact , that sauce stole the show . i had the grilled mahimahi , which was nicely seasoned with white wine caper butter . the fish had a nice richness to it . the fish came with white rice , fried plantain , and a simple salad . everything on the plate had a role , and it definitely was a balanced diet . gf had the fried cheese vegetarian dish that came with a giant salad loaded with avocado and tomatoes . it also had fried yucca which was awesome . both dishes were large portions and refreshing . they were good food and you will climb the food pyramid while enjoying the food . all the other food that came out of the kitchen looked amazing and in large portions . will definitely be back to try other things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently good food ! large portion sizes at a decent price . i had the fish of the day yesterday which was fried red snapper , served with a large helping of avocado salad , white rice and tostones . i called ahead for take out so did n't dine in . my one qualm was that when i walked in i could smell some kind of bathroom air freshener wafting up the stairs from the basement to the dining area . i have n't noticed that before when dining in and i do n't think that would prevent me from coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went last night with a group of four . between us we had the calamari ( with a fiery creole dip ) and shrimp ceviche ( unreal ! ) to start , then the carne asada , fried yucca salad and pork tamales . dishes all came with various sides - dirty rice and beans , avocado , coleslaw , thin plantain chips , grilled plantain , and a particularly delicious fried cheese . everything was fresh and tasty , huge portions and under $ 12 . beer was 4.25 and a massive glass of house red was 6 . the service was excellent , and while the place is no frills , it felt warm and lively - despite us turning up an hour before closing . will be back , very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best central american food we have had in toronto ! we will be going back again and again this place is just that good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a here a couple of times and like the food , but love the service . i 've had the mixed ceviche . unlike other reviews , i really enjoyed the ceviche . i 've had the tamales , the steak and rice and beans , along with the shrimp in white wine sauce over the three or four different visits i 've had here . both the steak and beans and tamales dishes are fantastic . while the steak can be a bit dry , it complements the rice and beans quite well . you have the option of getting sweet plantainsor fried savory plantains . i 've had both , either is a great option . the tamales dish is very good as well . the portions for both dishes are enormous and could be split with an appetizer . the only dish that let me down was the shrimp in white wine sauce main . the shrimp was a little overcooked , and i do n't think white wine sauces are exactly traditional . stick to the traditional entrees here , and i do n't think you can go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decor in this place is charming in a homey , rustic sort of way -- lots of nicknacks from what i assume is nicaragua . i have no expertise in nicaraguan nicknacks ( nica-nicknacks ? ) anyway when i go here it 's for one thing and one thing only : the ceviche , which is fresh and zest and delicious . it 's served with thinly sliced & fried plantains . the proprietors struck me as such nice people i thought i should give la bella managua a shout out on yelp .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was one of the most wonderful culinary surprises i 've had in a long time ! the staff were lovely , the food was incredible and it was surprisingly inexpensive . i had the lomo de puerco and two different kinds of plantains , and i also managed to sneak tastes off of my friends ' plates as well . everything was well cooked , flavourful and delicious . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if this place was on college or ossington it would be packed . the food takes you on a mini vacation to seaside nicaragua and you do n't need many pesos for a great meal & many drinks ceviche , fried beef tacos ( not at all greasy ) and casadillas were more than enough and great change from all the over priced pizza & burg restos in the hood we 've been here twice in the last month owners are really cool too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting takeaway from this place for about three years so they welcome me with open arms ... the funny thing is that i always order probably the least nicaraguan item on the menu : fettucini alfredo ! i ca n't help myself . it 's so creamy and fresh with big pieces of chicken and veggies . absolutely delicious . i will revise my review once i try other items on the menu , but in the meantime i can say the staff are lovely and it 's definitely one of the better food options in the bloor west village area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's 3.5 . we had : carne asada ( $ 13.50 ) : grilled boneless beef steak served with gallo pinto ( rice and beans ) , avocado , deep fried plantain and cabbage salad . beef steak was a bit tough , taste was okay . good rice and beans , decent plantain . rating : 3 5 fish of the day ( $ 19.95 ) : red snapper , deep fried plantain , rice , mixed salad . good fresh whole fish . good plantain and rice . rating : 4 5 elmacua national nicaraguan drink ( $ 8 ) : this was okay . it 's sweet . a bit of rum , lime lemon juice and guava juice . rating : 3 5 cantaloupe and orange juice ( $ 4 ) : nice mixture of orange and cantaloupe taste . rating : 3.5 5 above average place for a casual dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "la bella managua reminds of two things ; all there is to love about nicaraguan cuisine and how great a simple , local restaurant can be when they focus on the fundamental elements of quality ingredients , careful preparation , and genuinely friendly service . everyone who has ever had whatever the fish of the day is has raved about it ( including me ) . the ceviche is also universally excellent and well-priced considering the amount of fresh quality seafood . whenever i 've forced myself away from the fish of the day , the usual result has been excellent although some of the lower priced entrees have a bit of a `` combo platter '' feel . since absolutely everyone i 've sent to or discussed this place has walked right passed it at least twice , they probably need to do a serious re-think of their signage . definitely worth your time and trouble to look up at the street numbers and come in for a meal . you 'll be pleased that you did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading all the glowing reviews of the ceviche , i was pretty excited about this place . ever since i had a killer ceviche dish in mexico , i 've been hooked . myself and a friend ordered both kinds of ceviche they have there : fish and shrimp . what a disappointment . they practically did n't taste like anything , and the amount of tomato-onion-bell-pepper to seafood was way out of proportion . where was the acidity ? the tanginess ? there was a very undesirable watery pool at the bottom of the bowls too..like a poorly dressed salad . i also ordered the fish as a main . it was n't bad . though it was basically deep fried , so how bad is that going to be ? the sweet plantain 's that came with it were actually really nice though . this dish rescued the place from 2 stars . 2 stars for the ceviche , 3 stars overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had dinner there last night with friends and wow does not convey how great it was . everything was so fresh , really falvorfull and generally well prepared i took other reviewers advice and opened with the ceviche ... .sooo good . for the main i had the carne assada ( sp ) . i would recommend that also but bring a big appetite cause i was stuffed i am eager to go back and try something else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! took the mom 's for mother 's day here ! made a reservation up front but could have also just walked in from the street and they would have accommodated you just as well . saw another larger group walk in and within seconds they had some tables set up right by the bar without a problem . it 's a very small place but cozy and clean . food was incredible , we were a party of 8 and everyone ordered something else . every single dish looked and tasted amazing . nobody was disappointed ! even the kids gobbled down their dishes without as much as a peep . absolutely coming back her at the very next opportunity to try one of the other dishes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not fancy , but good solid food . very natural . my wife had their chicken , and that was definitely the highlight there . you can taste the charcoal grilled goodness in there . my bisteck steak was ok , but for those that do n't like tendons , move on to the carne asada . the size of the mains were enough to fill us , we did n't need more as they came with rice and a side salad as well . we 'd come back if we were looking for something simple and affordable . it 's not the fanciest . it 'd be better if they had a more extensive bar menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simple , fresh and authentic . home style cooking where the ingredients shine . service style matches the food . you come here with a smile and leave with a full belly of clean and delicious food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has become the local favourite for my husband and i . the food is so reasonably priced , and delicious that you really ca n't go wrong ! if you 're going for the first time , let the server offer her suggestions . she will definitely tell you which things are the best and she has n't been wrong with us yet . the ceviche is delicious - nice and tangy and delicious with the plantains . the fish special is almost always what we get and it has always been incredible . note : there is often a very light breading on the top of the fish - but let them know if you 're gluten free and they will skip that part . also , try the cantaloupe juice - sooo tasty . the only complaint i would have is on the wine options . they are n't that great and they are often out of the things on the menu . i 'm not sure if this place has a byo option , but it might be worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the most delicious authentic central american food from nicaragua served here ! wow ! i 'm sincerely happy to have dined here . a friend of mine recommended the restaurant because i was looking for the nacatamal entre . the staff and owner of the restaurant are super friendly and helpful . the restaurant is located in a fairly busy area , so there 's lots to do if you plan on having a dinner date before taking a stroll along the neighborhood . i am looking forward to coming back here to enjoy more delicious dinners as will my taste buds and stomach ! there 's a wide variety of foods to please everyone . a great place to have celebration dinners ! lots of tables and seats , reservations are available as well . green p parking is right behind the restaurant steps away . the restaurant also offers the option of pick up orders ! stop by on your way home and surprise your family with rich food ! enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing and prices are reasonable . staff was friendly but frequency declined towards the end of the meal . would definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh plantains , how i love thee . and this place does them right . we stumbled in for a quick lunch and found ourselves to be the only diners . this can be concerning - do locals know to avoid this place ? but it turned out that our paranoia was misplaced . our server was thoughtful , sweet , and helpful . her timing was incredible . she checked on us enough to let us know she was available , but allowed us time to enjoy each other . and the food . completely delicious . big portions , hot and full of comfort . hit the spot on a beautiful fall day . the decor ? not so great . though sometimes this indicates the focus is on the food and not the walls , which i greatly prefer . head over the bloor to enjoy this one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great home-cooked food ! beef and i shared a bottle of wine , mixed ceviche , which were both wonderful -- and he had the red snapper and i had the incredible white wine shrimp ! everything , including service , was perfect . this is the real deal ! oh yeah , and everyone is right about the hot sauce . not for the untrained mouth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , genuine , friendly and attentive . food is great ! loved the tacos ( not the same as mexican tacos ) . the carne asada was really good . went with mixed plantains to try it out . i prefer the normal ones compared to the sweet ones . will definitely be going back . i drank tamarind ( not knowing what it was called in english i only knew it in arabic tamr hindi ( indian dates ) ) which instantly reminded me of back home ( egypt ; they also have tamarind juice there too ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though i am not nicaraguan , i felt like home ! large meat dish with rice - yummy ! the salad is fresh and refreshing . no heavy dressing . the rice is flavourful - traces of carrots and onions and garlic ! the meat - i ordered the carne asada - was different from what i was expecting ( thinking of my mom 's carne asada ) , hence my hesitation in raving about it . but it was grilled and well cooked . i cleaned the entire plate , so i really do n't have a genuine complaint ! they also make tortillas . real tortillas . not the mexican ones.tortillas to accompany the dish . a real delicacy . you have to try your dish with tortillas ! excellent service . attentive and caring . our group ordered different things - chicken . meat , salad , fish - and it all looked delicious . i would certainly return there to share it with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "considering how big the central south american population is in toronto , it seems that the good restaurant choices are very limited . not to compare , but last time we were in orlando , we were impressed with how good the cuban restaurants are , for example . we always beg the owners to consider opening a franchise in canada , but this has yet to happen . in any case , the food here is not great , but not bad either . we tried the nicotamales ( not a good choice ) , a beef and a chicken dish as well as the red snapper . the beef portion was small for the price , but the flavour was good . they seem to give you a lot of salad and rice , which is nice for a healthy diet . all in all , a decent place but nothing really to be impressed with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "server did n't speak english . good sign . food was very tasty and unique with large portion sizes . i ordered the most unusual vegetarian thing i could find on the menu -- the yucca mixta -- and enjoyed it very much . sumptuous fried yucca , generous avocado , and happy fried cheese , beautiful ! definitely a great spot to keep in mind when looking for a casual restaurant that offers something different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked into this tiny place on a friday afternoon . we got seated quickly and the server was really nice ! she was kind enough to go through the menu and explain everything . she explained how every day they have different specials , such as soups of the day . super nice of her to spend time with us and she did n't rush us at all . the food came quick and it was delicious ! ! i got the carne asada that came with rice and beans , sweetened plantain , avocado and a salad on the side ( the dish itself was very filling for only $ 13.50 ) . the restaurant also looked very clean and the decor was welcoming . i 'm definitely coming back and would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being of hispanic decent and growing up in texas . i had my doubts . this small family run establishment had a great simple atmosphere with people enjoying their meal and drinks . the food was surprisingly good . i had the carne asada and it was cooked to perfection on top of a bed of black bean rice . something i have n't had before was grilled cheese strips . they ask if you want this when you order . they really should n't ask , it 's great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charged from a real madrid v barca soccer match , our large group ( 18+ ) took over a wall at la bella managua and ordered a feast . i enjoyed the 'pollo a la parilla '' and 'nacatamales ' . the chicken was moist and flavorful . it was paired with tostones and white rice . i also recommend the mojito !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am from central america and this restaurant takes me back home every time that i am there . soo good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! very friendly service , my food was out quickly and the quality was amazing . i had the yucca mixta , and despite two-thirds of the plate being fried i did n't feel too heavy after . the fried cheese was really good , especially when dipped in the `` spicy sauce . '' the avocado salad was creamy and fresh . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food recommend to the fish soup.order the snapper my favorite and that of many patrons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la bella managua was recommended to me by a coworker who is nicaraguan and it 's a place that we 've come back to many times- always fantastic ! you ca n't go wrong ordering the ceviche as an appetizer . the large portion of fish , shrimp and citrus juice hits the perfect balance , especially with the outstanding thin fried plantain chips . while we have tried many thing on the menu , our favourites are credo con yuca ( seasoned pan fried pork on yucca and pickled cabbage ) and yucca mixta ( fried yucca with avocado salad , fried cheese , and sour cream ) . my fianc\u00e9e always has a mojinica - basically a sweeter mojito that goes well with the dishes . we were just there last night and the food seemed better than ever , ca n't wait to go again ! just do n't forget to call ahead and reserve a table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . the meat and other sides were prepared with care . the plantains , while fried , were not greasy at all . i enjoyed the food and would come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the fish of the day ! best pan-fried snapped i 've ever had in the gta . super super fresh . you get the whole fish , bone in , but you 'll devour it . comes with rice and beans , plantains of your choice ( tostones , chips or sweet ) , and an avocado salad . i 'm could not finish it all- except that fish . also- the waitresses are so friendly . they laugh and joke and make great recommendations . and there are a lot of options . most under $ 20 . will be back ! i recommend- ca n't me dressed casually . the only thing missing here is ambiance . extra tip- wonderful mojito !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . i tried nicaraguan food for the first time and i am in love . the owner , a sweet lady and her daughter runs the place and are extremely hospitable . amazing service . would definitely come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dishes and fresh ingredients . the service was friendly . the neighborhood and ambience left a little to be desired on the night we visited , but then again , the neighborhood bock party was just getting cranked up as we arrived . the red snapper is fantastic . i would also recommend the taco appetizer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious , simple , priced fairly . we love this spot so much . my wife ate their mahi mahi a couple of times a week when she was pregnant . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place . the food was authentic and delicious ! the service was excellent . we started with yucanadas , and then tried the bistek encebollado , and switched for gallo pinto instead of white rice . you got ta eat here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious food , great service , was an amazing experience with great food for the whole family . be sure to reserve a table ahead of time to guarantee a spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner of this place is a genius . the food is perfectly cooked to perfection . presentation of the food priceless ! this is a must come , you have to try it to see for yourself . the red snapper fish dish is probably the best fish around toronto an anywhere . the prices are reasonably . their is nothing to complain about this restaurant . 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's nothing fancy and it 's completely understated , but the food is 100 % delicious . i get this chicken thing that i love . and i 've seen people get this fish thing that they look like they love . even the desserts are homemade and amazing . plus , the waiter always makes little jokes . though i did hear him say the same joke to the table beside me . anyways , as a person that loves to complain , i have nothing bad to say about bella managua .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place through a buytopia purchase . the place was decorated very authentically to what you would expect in south or central america ( colourful and patriotic ) . we were seated right away . the menu had wide selection and we had difficulty choosing between the large range of seafood to meat dishes . from seeing what the people around us ordered , we knew the dishes would be large portions and they were ! i rarely take home left overs and after ordering the shrimp cerviche to share and my own pork dish , i had enough for lunch the next day . the food came surprisingly fast and everything was extremely fresh . the atmosphere was busy with people of all cultures , eating to the rhythm of salsa playing in the background . i would have given this place a 5 star rating if the bill did n't take 15 minutes to get to us . service and food were otherwise excellent . looking forward to returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was torn between giving this place a 3 or a 4 star , but the ceviche really blew me away . if you come here , you have to try it . it 's sold for ~ $ 9 which is a great price . service was excellent as well and the staff was very friendly the main entrees were average . the steak was a little dry . the plantain chips were great . the fish of the day was nicely done , but not the best i 've had . the avocado salad was delicious . the portion sizes are really big i would definitely come back for the ceviche ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lovely place to dine -- truly nice staff who are efficient and anticipate one 's needs , paying attention and bringing drinks at the right time , etc . the ambience is colourful and relaxed and interesting . i will add that the other patrons were friendly , also -- a rarity for toronto . lastly , the food is superb . i 've not had central american food ( different from mexican food ) and it was a pleasure to try a new cuisine and drinks , prepared superbly . ( i must say , even the guacamole was the best i 've ever had . ) and the price for a meal is about $ 12 to $ 15 for the most expensive plate which comes with salad and vegetable , mixed rice and meat -- all in portions so large that one plate can easily satisfy two adults .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! feels like you 're having healthy homemade food . service is great . love it , will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food - i 'm not really familiar with central american cuisine , so i ca n't compare it to anything - but it 's a very taste bud friendly menu that anyone can enjoy . staff is warm and welcoming . the rice is amazing , there 's something different about it ( they they use butter in it , maybe ? ) the red snapper here is my all time favourite fish dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh the food was tasty , the service was so genuine , it felt like being on vacation . make a reservation ! this place is very casual , very relaxed , but has a social family type of buzz to it because it fills up quickly ! i ordered the churrasco steak - asked to replace the mashed potatoes with the rice & beans . the steak was delicious , cooked wonderfully , and full of flavour . definitely been marinated properly and nicely grilled . came with lightly saut\u00e9ed veggies ( broccoli and carrots ) and the rice & beans was such a comforting side to the steak . would come back in a heart beat : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , at a great price . however , recently they told us we only had an hour to eat , due to a reservation , so we scarfed down our food , and it then took them forty minutes to bring us the cheque . i recommend calling ahead and picking up the food , rather than deal with the service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm an avid latin american foodie . so this place was next on my list to try . although the price is not pricey , the quality of the good could really be better . the carne asada cut was thin . it was seasoned ok. rice and salad portion were ok . the chimichurri was great and the cacao drink was a hit . where it lost a second start was on the side portion of rice . the christianos y moro 's . tasted like day old rice . aside from that everything was ok. will have to think hard to come back . but it 's possible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always come here for special occasions and sometimes just for cravings . this place is good ! i always get the carne asada because it 's soo good ! the meat is flavoured great and the portions are big . there 's always people here . if you are looking for something different and delicious check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food here . good service too . one of the few places in happy with a vegetarian dinner . the ceviche is also great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here last night with a large group of people ( pushing 30 heads ? ) and i was so impressed by the excellent service and food . mind you it 's not a large restaurant and we took up half the room , but they accommodated us generously , were speedy with our drink and food orders and did n't get a single one wrong . super profesh in my opinion . this is how restaurants should be run . and they were a slim team . everything was delicious , there was n't a single unhappy belly amongst us ! will be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . great service . the red snapper was amazing . so was the carne asada ! the plantain feels like a great alternative to french fries . not as flavourful as indian or chinese food . this was our first time trying nicaraguan food . ask for the hot sauce which comes with chopped onions to intensify the flavour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always order the yucca mixta and it 's a perfect non-meat entree with fried yucca and cheese and a refreshing avocado and tomato salad . service is friendly , dishes consistent and location is great . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a sunday night and got the last available table . i 'm so glad we did . i had the carne asada and was so dissapointed in myself that i could n't finish it all . it was so delicious . service was friendly and fast . found the place thanks to other yelpers , so thanks for the reviews everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and amazing mixed drinks . it got very busy on a friday night so it was very hard to get a hold of a waiter waitress , but i 'll definitely come back for more ceviche .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i 've been over here more than 5 times . the food is delicious ! the ceviche is amazing and they are one of the few places in toronto that have plantains in every dish ! the carne asada is great . huge portions great for splitting between 2 people . their customer is top notch . i brought my girlfriend here on valentines day . they made it a very cool experience . gave a rose and free desert . it was a nice soft tough . truly a hidden gem that more people should check out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , authentic latin atmosphere and great service ! wow what a great experience we had at this restaurant . we were greeted by a very friendly , helpful and knowledgeable waiter ( i did n't get his name but he was from cuba ) . when the food arrived we were blown away by the presentation , portion size and taste . all we can say is `` amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! '' i had the grilled chicken which was cooked to perfection . my husband had the red snapper ... ..fantastic . my dad had the fish fillets ... . so yummy ! ! ! they even have a kids menu ! highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ceviche was just ok . i 've had amazing ceviche in lima , so perhaps my expectations were too high ... or maybe nicaraguan ceviche is just different . carne asada was decent . the beef was slightly overcooked for my taste . both the sweet and young plantain was good . i thought the rice was great . the red snapper was tasty . i hate dealing with fish + bones , but it was n't too big a chore here . overall , an enjoyable meal . i do n't think i would come out of my way to eat here regularly , but it was a fun experience and reasonably priced . the service was friendly and the experience seemed authentic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . great ceviche , great service , great atmosphere . their main courses are huge and amazing value for money and the service is so warm and friendly . plus the price of both food and drinks is very very reasonable . i will go back there anytime . one thing though , i dont think there 's much here if you are vegetarian but im not !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about this place from a co-worker and decided to try it out a couple of night after with 2 friends . we loved the food . we got carried away and each ordered appetizers and main foods . everything was delicious . we ordered ceviche tamales mahi mahi soup of the day a vegetarian dish plenty of food to go around . everything was presented beautifuly . and the service was great . im gon na go back again and take more family and friends . i shall post pictures next time around : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed the ceviche and the fried banana chips ! took us a while to find a seat so do reserve a table ahead if you can .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by this place because they had ceviche advertised in the window . oddly enough , it was n't actually on the menu , but they made it for me anyway . it was n't the best i 've ever had , but i 'd order it again . the cantaloupe and orange juice ( a first time for me ) i ordered to drink was good and the vegetarian plate include tons of food : rice , beans , tortillas , cheese , avocado , and plantains .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "apparently as close to authentic as it gets in the city this place was delicious ! portions are ample and food is fresh . a lot of what i remember from my trip to nicaragua ! ambiance is a mishmash . fantastic : pan fried fish and the tacos ( not like mexican tacos , but super delicious in their own way ) . mojito was great ( no alcohol taste at all ) good : chimichuri steak ( cooked perfectly ) meh : empanadas and seafood salad ceviche", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved , loved , loved this place . best fish i have ever had in my life . definitely get the mahi mahi . the waiter we have had for the past couple of times has been beyond friendly and helpful . cute place , a real hidden gem and amazing bang for your buck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made a special trip to this place when i had a craving for a tamale and read about this place . also never tried nicaraguan food before so decided to give it a try . had a ceviche as an appetizer which was delicious and a tamale ( of course ) . the tamale is different than mexican tamales in that there is a noticeable tomato presence . it did n't take away from my tamale experience and it was still delicious . some of the other dishes i saw looked delicious and the service was friendly so will plan to come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food , amazing service . can not recommend highly enough . have had the carne asada and the pollo a la parrilla . meat was full of flavour and tender . comes with rice and beans , plantain and salad . everything compliments each other and makes for a wonderful and hearty meal . great portions ! service is great . our waitress was kind and very attentive . answered any questions i had about the menu . will be back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best ceviche i 've ever had ! the fried cheese is also amazing ... and so is their tres leche ! it 's a really cute , friendly , small , cozy and cultural restaurant . definitely recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! love it ! ! i have been there several times . as soon as i walked in the first time , i knew that my stomach would be very happy ! ! : ) ) ceviche , red snapper , milk cake ... it 's highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went last night with some friends we where six . rosa took great care of us we had no idea on what to order so we asked her just to bring what she wanted . we had so much food all delicious and freshly prepared . i loved the avocado salad it had the right balance of texture and flavours . we where there on a wednesday and it was packed . i recommend la bella managua to anyone who want a good meal with reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food . as a local nicaraguan in toronto , this is the place to go for some comfort nicaraguan food . chef knows what he is doing and takes a lot of pride in his food . service is great . loved the experience . menu item of choice : carne asada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved loved loved la bella managua . excellent vegetarian options , and great meat . huge portions , and they always give you the option of fried cheese ... who does n't want fried cheese with that ? went both as a couple and in a group - good variety for everyone . as for the homemade hot sauce - it 's like a mignionette - but spicy . it 's so very good . i 'm getting hungry thinking about it . lots of avocado and slow cooked meat . really wanting to go back for the fish ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food from guatemala . not expensive but not cheap either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , great food . we had a really nice waitress , and food came super fast to the table . the tacos are absolutely fantastic . only so so comment we had to wait for quite a while to get the check and pay definitely will be coming back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here before . great homemade food . ordered the carne asada . tastes just like my moms cooking . quick and friendly service . would definitely come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "echoing the messages of most other folks . love this cute little spot . went here on a wednesday night and it was busy . my 3 gfs and i each tried something different and there was an abundance of food . tried out the carne asada , the tiger shrimp , ceviche and pollo - all cooked to perfection . so inexpensive and definitely a hidden gem i would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` catch of the day '' best fish i 've had in toronto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for one of the best casual , reasonably priced , consistent restaurants in toronto , bella managua is the place . i have been going here for several years and not once have i had a bad meal . the service is friendly and the staff genuinely take pride in what they are doing . the ceviche is amazing highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were headed to mexitaco down the street and happened to park right in front of la bella managua . so we peeked inside . the place was packed at 9pm on a saturday night , so we gave it a try . excellent choice ! fresh , generous , authentic , affordable , and delicious nicaraguan food . try the yucanadas and the nacatamales . and the cocktails ! and the ceviche ! we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to go here , after my trip to nicaragua . i did not know there was an actual nicaraguan restaurant in toronto . the setting is normal but the staff were very friendly . the food was good ( not that great ) , if you are looking for authentic nicaraguan food- this is the place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow what an amazing restaurant . we were out and about and finally an excuse to try places outside of our neighborhood . found this restaurant completely ramdonly on yelp and boy am i glad i did ! small storefront , we missed it couple of times walking by . very homey food . delicious fish of the day . we came back a second time but that fish was sold out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the food is amazing and the portions are great for the price . truly a hidden gem . the staff are always very friendly and go the extra mile to make your experience really great . i look forward to any occasion to go and recently took my parents for my birthday dinner . i recommend the snapper and the off-menu weekend brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for sunday dinner . we made reservations beforehand and were seated right away . we ordered one of those juices they had in tall glasses , which were delicious ! the taste is very unique and goes perfectly with the meal . the food arrived within 10 minutes of us ordering it . the fish was amazing . the fried plantain and bananas were delicious . the beef was good as well but i think it lacked some spices . would definitely recommend the fish . the portions are huge and come with salad . the server was friendly and helpful . like other reviewers said , this place has delicious home cooked style food for reasonable prices . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were looking for place to try something new . and we found it on yelp . the reviews are good so we decided to give it a shot . amazing place , went in around 750pm , saturday , it was full . we saw people left with joy and we were served immediately . next time i will make a reservation just in case . food was amazing . we had . ceviche and crab soup for appetizer . we had drink and main course . the portion was good i could not finish my plate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time trying nicaraguan food , and i absolutely loved this place . had the mahi mahi accompanied with yuccanadas and ceviche , and everything was absolutely delicious . definitely coming back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was as advertised . the food was delicious and we were both very happy with our entrees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing meal and service at the bella mangua . the chef did an excellent job with food allergies , and made us an amazing meal consisting of 1 . ) ceviche ( mixed option ) , 2 . ) bisteck ( for me ) 3 . ) snapper ( for my friend ) , 3 . ) carne asada for her partner . i also had tamarind juice , freshly made , while my friends tried both of the cocktail options . the food was amazing , so fresh , and so flavourful . the portions were also extremely generous . finally , the servers were helpful and patient . definitely going back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have n't been here for years and i am not sure why . we decided to try a dinner out and the food was amazing . ceviche was delicious and recommend if you like seafood . i had a vegetarian main which we shared . great rice and beans , cheese , cabbage salad and sweet plantains . he got tamale which was giant and a very low price . everything , especially the rice beans and tamale , tasted authentic and homemade . house wine was a bargain at $ 6 . everything we ate was good , server was friendly and attentive . highly recommend if you want an authentic experience at reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious meal , served promptly at a reasonable price . we were delighted with the lobster and grilled snapper . ca n't wait to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "red snapper gr8 choice ! ! we were a group of 18 people and all the dishes that were ordered was excellent . service was excellent . pricing is perfect . will visit anytime without any hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing prices , and this place fills up fast . the only reason i wo n't give 5 stars is because even though i made a reservation for dinner , they still made me wait about 20 minutes for a table , even though i was on time . once seated though , service was great , and the food was really amazing , exceeding my expectations . the place does n't look that nice , but the food is amazing and the prices are great too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i go to a restaurant , i like when the other customers are people from that country , it usually means the food will be authentic . there , every body spoke spanish and english . when arriving , the decor is n't impressive , it gives the impression that the food is ok . wait 'til you eat ! ! i had the mix ceviche as appetizer , the fish of the day as entree and a tamarind juice . my husband had tender beef with sweet plantains . they were all big portions and tasted delicious ! ! it tastes like home made food when the cook really cares . service is friendly and food comes quite fast . i definitely recommend it and will go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . down to earth environment . i strongly recommend ceviche and red snapper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their off the menu breakfaat is the best deal in town ! for $ 7 you get rice and eggs with planktain , avacado and an amazing spicy garlic sauce ! happy healthy breakfast ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food here is awesome . i had a whole deep fried fish . tasted like it was just caught and into the fryer ! so fresh . food here reminds of the food i used to eat living in latin america by the sea when i was a kid . when i miss latin america i go here to eat . makes me happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks , and it is right across the street from bad dog theatre . dinner and a show . i have been to nicaraqua , and thought the food was authentic , outstanding , and so reasonably priced . i would not hesitate to eat there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the red snapper , with ceviche as a starter . high quality ingredients , well prepared . has a lunch time vibe even during dinner hours . friendly service in a family type environment . been here 3 times , not sure if it is a great date place . more of a place to take visiting family from the great white north .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brilliant . great service . ridiculous food . i loved the plantain . i recommend the chicken dish over beef . will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bit of a trek getting there and finding parking but it 's well worth the travel . i had the mix ceviche ( fish & shrimp ) which was served with a very buttery avocado and fresh plantain chips . i 've been on a search for really good ceviche after having it almost everyday at four seasons resort costa rica and i must day that this comes pretty close ! the main dish i had was the carne asana which included tender strips of beef , rice and beans ( which was to die for ) , coleslaw and fried sweet plantain . everything on the plate just complimented eachother . the portions were also generous so i 'd say i got my money 's worth . also tried a bit of the fried red snapper which was very flavorful . like the ceviche , it was pretty comparable to the red snapper i had at four seasons resort punta mita . i highly recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to ask about an issue we have with a plastic lined shower . the woma 's english was poor so she was hard to understand . she told me `` we do n't do ... '' and hung up . she did n't even want to see if we were willing to do a bathroom re-model . i will take my business somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had horrible white kitchen countertops and desperately needed them replaced as we had just bought new stainless steel appliances . after being told by another contractor that was going to do the job that he was now not going to do the project we were back to sqaure one . a granite md was the first place we called and the only place we needed to call ! they were wonderful . they were very precise and accurate with all measurements , took great care with their work , and were very freindly . after thinking we would have to shop around forever there was no need . our kitchen is gorgeous and i am very proud to show it off to anyone we have over . great work , and the owner even worked with our budget to be sure we still got what we wanted . i would recommend anyone to a granite md . thanks again guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location is on the curve of highland st. once the granite was picked out and scheduled for install , you could n't ask for a better crew . these guys came in covered the flooring , installed my new vanity and cleaned up as though they were never in my house . it was done with such precision , professionalism and quick . i absolutely will call when i am ready to do my kitchen . i found the owner very affable and extremely kind and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys really know their stuff . we recently had a kitchen remodel and from start to finish they were professional , knowledgable and very affordable . they worked with run out budget and made it kitchen look like we smart major money . i would highly recommend this company ! do n't even know what the negative review is about . the young lady who answered the phone was very nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fair prices , a fantastic selection , super-friendly and helpful staff , quality work , and appropriate timelines make middleton art and framing a no-brainer when it 's time to get important stuff ready to hang on the wall . the wife and i have used them several times now , and we love everything they 've done for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "framing job delivered on time , friendly & enthusiastic staff . will go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been to middleton art & framing on several occasions before and we continue to be impressed by their impeccable service . the staff are friendly , knowledgeable and helpful . today we worked with erin , and she was fantastic ! she gave helpful suggestions and helped us look at the framing from various angles and lights to choose the best option ( and she was very patient as we wavered back and forth repeatedly ) . my husband has worked with the other staff and has had similarly positive experiences . most importantly , the quality of the work is unmatched . we are extremely detail oriented and picky and have yet to have a single complaint about any piece we have brought here . we can not recommend this store enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already knew these folks do amazing work just by looking at the pieces of my artwork they custom framed , but today i an amazed at their customer service . i dropped one piece on the ground and broke the glass and got the backing dirty on another . they fixed both without charging me anything . it was clearly my fault , yet they fixed them ! i 'm a customer for life ! thanks middleton art & framing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working with middleton art and framing is by far one of the most positive customer service experiences i have ever had . erin and marty are both extremely personable , friendly and professional . on top of that , the quality of their work is beyond measure . they custom framed four large prints for me and the framed prints look like they should be hanging in a museum ! these guys now have a loyal customer for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place . they did a fantastic job framing my piece of work . when i got home , i found a small misalignment . i took it back and they fixed it ( even better than i had in the first place ) . they added some extra stuff to it and put a wire on the back for free . i love this place and will always go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and nicest people you 'll ever meet . marty and carolyn walked me through all of my framing and matting options in great detail . the prices are reasonable as well . i 'll definitely return for all of my future framing needs . great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am super impressed with middleton art and framing . they did a really great job and when there was an element i did n't like they really bent over backwards to change it and make it right . they even carried my finished project to my car for me . it was a little pricey but i had a great discount that made it completely worthwhile . i would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really good and homemade . pizza really good , owner makes incredible homemade desserts , friendly staff . nice non-chain restaurant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time or money . my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) . my waitress never offered another hairless salad even if i had wanted one . the broiled flounder was n't very hot and neither were my steamed veggies . both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home . my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre . the owner asked how our meal was when i paid and insisted they use fresh tomatoes . i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out . she discounted our drinks but i 'll never be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the eggplant parmesan is fabulous ! my friend always has the pizza and says it is really good . service is friendly . its clean . local place that i will continue to come back to again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place reminds me of a small village italian place you would find in a rural town . i thought the prices were reasonably , i had the lasagna and it was pretty good and plenty filling . as someone else noted the tomatoes in my salad should have been tossed the day before . the service was efficient but there was several tables of regulars my server spent most of her time with . i did like the place and like the idea of an owner run small restaurant . a little fine tuning with service and double check the tomatoes would bring it up to 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this restaurant ! i enjoyed the marinated chicken , salad , fresh hot roll , and fried squash . seasoning perfection ! enjoyed every bite ! staff professional and nice . great time with my husband . he thought the pizza was the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food , good pizza and reasonable prices for a non-chain small business . i 've always done take out but when picking up have noticed the interior is probably exactly the same as when it opened many decades ago . i guess that adds charm for some and is a detractor to others . nonetheless , i 'm happy to see a small business still in business and will continue to order from them", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all thanks to the `` rude cashiers '' , and the variety of sub-standard pakistani products , this store can avail only bad feelings and regrets.price wise this store is more costly than the typical indian store in brampton ( subzi mandi ) . this store is infamous for their stale sweets , samosas , which can bring back the memories of getting serious food poisoning . i do n't think this store will be a store of choice for an indian family , who can get better variety & health deals somewhere else . i wo n't recommend this store to anyone with a wise conscience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really awful customer service . not courteous to customers and casher think they own the place and doing charity by giving away the items and we are ding something wrong . they just grab the card from me and swiped and gave me back with receipt without saying a word . i accept the fact that people who are from asian country find the store very helpful and i dont have any issues with the store but cashiers . not at all courteous and they just doing it over and over . i went two times here stopped only because of this issue . price wise i would say , its little bit less from other supermarket chains . but am not sure you got wide variety of selection . really pissed me off with their customer service . very bad experience for me . will not go back again and wont recommend to any one..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a big store with wide variety of indian pakistani spices and groceries . courteous staff , nicely stocked isles and clean store . prices are pretty reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is our absolute favorite tim hortons to go to ! not only is it really close to home , but the people that work here are so friendly . whenever me and my mom head over there ( we go almost everyday ) we get greeted with a smile and the staff always makes our order right . it 's nice to see the same staff members there , some even remember your order . it 's a neighborhood tim hortons , so it 's nice to see people from our community not only working there ( especially the youth ) but also seeing the neighbors meeting there for a morning , afternoon , or even evening coffee . it 's a great location ( close to home ) , great staff , and such a nice atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best tim hortons locations in the gta . i had tried many different locations but , this location has always fesh and tasty coffee . the drive-thru is tricky a little bit . you have to come from the back and watch for the stop sign .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i go to this location which a lot ( i live beside it ) my order is always wrong . and the people who work at night time are very rude !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is a lady who works here named marie anne , not only is she the most rudest and angry woman i 've met , she gives you the most unprofessional customer service and is rude to her co-workers as well . i 'm a regular customer who comes almost everyday with other friends and co-workers who also have noticed her poor attitude . even while providing your order she is rushing you and her tone is completely rude and unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live close to this tim hortons and have been coming here for years . great place with great employees . never ever had an issue with an order in my 11 years of coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is crazy slow , the tall guy behind the bar is awesome but he ca n't run the entire joint . our bartender was sweet but she had no idea what she was doing . we sat at the bar because the restaurant was empty for the most part but our sweet bartender still could n't offer mediocre service . we ordered fresh warm chips and guacamole to start , i asked for a cup of soup and a taco . we were on our 2nd round of drinks before everything we ordered was placed in front of us at the same time . soup-chilled taco-warm chips-yuck ! ! ! the worst after taste ever ... do not order the chips ! i think the food has a lot of potential but temperature is everything . not sure if i will go back ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "saturday night - one hungry hotel guest from across the street ( me ) , two behind the bar ( barkeeps ) , three at the bar ( locals ) , four tables in the dining room ( all looking for service ) , five minutes before i 'm even greeted ( and then i get a snarky 'hi - can i get you a drink ? '' ) six-top walks in and the two from behind the bar clamor to them , seven-teen minutes before i get my food . unimpressed to say the least . shrimp taco platter had an ice cream scoop ball of old nasty minute rice , re-hydrated refried beans , and fresh from the freezer shrimp - masked by a spicy mayo and a few shreds of cabbage . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible food and service . a group of 3 of us went here for the 1st time on a wednesday night . there was only one other table of 4 there at the time . the servers were working between the living room and la sala . the wait staff was never around and it took forever for our drinks ... and forget about ordering more drinks or refills on water . you could n't find anyone . let 's move on to the stale chips fried in rancid oil ! ! we had the waitress try one and she agreed they were awful ! i would n't waste my time going to this restaurant . there are far better mexican establishments in chandler ... .the margaritas were awful too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is truly amazing ! ! ! wow where do i start ? ? ? the service is great the waitress that was taking care of me her name was taylor was real professional , she would just keep bringing me drinks without asking and she even brought me one to go when i was done eating so props to taylor for a job well done . then next came the food which was excellent not to pricey and you get a lot for what you pay for which fills you up . i was very happy with my experience here and will difitnley be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful layout ! we loved the leather booths too . manlio was our server and was attentive , friendly , and took great care of us . we ordered the nachos with tomatillo chicken , they were probably the best nachos we 've ever had ! next we had tacos : fried grilled shrimp ? go with fried ! they were lightly battered , crispy and delicious . also ordered carnitas and carne asada . look my pics , lots of meat , wonderful grilled flavor too . and alas , it 's dessert time so we got the fried ice cream ! it came on a crispy cinnamon churro-like bowl ! ! ! overall we had a wonderful dinner with great service too . everyone walks by and smiles , grabs empty plates , fills water , asks if you need anything ... it 's a must try restaurant ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la sala opened recently next to one of my favorite restaurant , living room . since both restaurants share a kitchen , i had pretty high expectations for this place . restaurant size is smaller than the living room but the atmosphere was pretty cosy and intimate . if you have a party of four ( or less ) , i do n't think you will have an issue getting a table as they have a lot of booths that accommodate that party size . if you have bigger parties , call in advance to make a reservation . my party of 6 walked in without a reservation and thankfully , the community table at the back of the restaurant was available . food - everything was ok , nothing too special . i ordered the shrimp ceviche and chicken enchiladas . would probably not order the ceviche here again . not worth the money . otherwise , the one great thing about this place was that the servers were great - very funny and social . note : no patio . no dogs allowed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place was great when they first opened . we came here at least 3 times and the 4th time it was a disaster . they used to make a great old fashion with a huge round block of ice ; this time it was crushed ice . my wife ordered a drink and it was half filled . the rest of the order was bland and mediocre . it seems like they skimped on whatever they could . the street corn had a drizzle of topping . we ordered chips and guacamole and received enough chips for one and when asked for a refill they charged us for it ! also i swear our server was high ; he forgot our order , he asked us if we needed to order after we had just placed an order with him , etc . it is sad when a place that was once one of our favorites decided money is more important than the passion of having great food and service . on the bright side one of the servers remembered us too bad we wo n't be coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was good ; however , we watched customers send back cold food and we personally had to send back food as it was not what we had ordered . our first concern was the glassware was spotty and did not seem appealing when ordering beverages . as we continued to observed , we found the staff washing glassware with new water in the sink but the rinse water was cloudy and unchanged and that was followed by a coffee like color in the sanitation sink . no wonder glassware looked as it did . we will give this one more try before crossing it off our list ... hopefully things improve with cleanliness and quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this new mexican fusion restaurant can be a small plate experience or full meal with several entree size meals . a good wine selection , beers and , of course , a selection of tequilas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at la sala i found the service to be way above average and the food was fantastic . happy hour prices were good . i had the cheese crisp , street corn , and shrimp tacos . all were amazing . i will be back and i will be telling friends about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place on yelp and we 're pleasantly surprised ! quest is really good . great margaritas and the food is amazing . service is good too . lots of parking . we will be back when we are back in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "banging guacamole ! great service , good prices especially for their lunch special . rice was good too , not dried out like other places . : ) their carne asada tacos are legit tasty . new yorker here in arizona for the first time and i am impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good service but that 's about it here . everything was super average . we were hoping this was gon na be a finer dining experience . it left us a bit flat . the ribs were super dry and the mexican corn tasted boiled and like they just sprinkled some cheese on it . not much to write home about . it 's s very casual place . i believe it 's owned by the same people who own the living room next door . which has much cooler vibe an decent food at best as well . probably wo n't be back and i doubt this place lasts very long . people were super friendly though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate lunch here with coworkers this past friday . not at all impressed with the service . bartender was training new waitstaff who was overwhelmed by a table of 7 . most of us had ordered ala-cart tacos which should have been a simple order . 2 of us had ordered a burrito plate . no alcohol just waters , teas and soda . 3 orders were screwup & one of those did n't come out until the rest of us were all done eating . all of this went on as the bartender became busy with customers at the bar and what i assume was the manager who was pacing at the door absolutely doing nothing to fix the problem . the tacos were tasty but $ 4 per taco for lunch seems too high . i work in the complex and would put this last on list for lunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a kid friendly spot . service was meh . our waiter forgot our app , gave it to us after entrees and still charged us full price . waiter also got the wrong tacos i ordered . originally ordered tap beer , the tap went out . food was very average , nothing to go back to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we arrived at 8:46 . stood at the hostess stand for another 3 minutes then was told the kitchen was closed . i asked what time it closed and was told at 9:00 . after showing her it was 8:50 the server shrugged her shoulders and said , 'closed but you can try next door ' . we were really looking forward to this new restaurant , too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for dinner and drinks . food was good . service was excellent and the margarita was better than most . will return again for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly service , food came out fast . i enjoyed the chips & salsa and the farm salad . vegan and vegetarian friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sunday , may 7 at approximately 12:00. ; takeout order placed at the establishment . the manager on duty took the order . it was very simple , two taco platters , one with grilled shrimp , one with grilled fish , both with corn tortillas . and , one order of shrimp ceviche . he left with a very large bag but when he arrived home , there were only two individual tacos and both were with flour tortillas . the cold slaw filling was made from nothing but cabbage and mayonnaise . the tortilla chips with the shrimp ceviche tasted like they were fried in rancid oil . the manager was obviously an idiot and the food was really awful ! but i do have one good thing to say about the establishment ( and the others in the same strip mall ) . if your married and looking to hookup with someone other than your spouse , this is a great place for it ! guaranteed home run every time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious margaritas for $ 10 . brisket and carne asada tacos bomb ! delicious mesquite flavor . house made hot sauce so so so so so so good . bartender gave us great table service . overall a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and i had the pork carnitas tacos while my husband had the burrito . the food was good , service was good . i recommend it and we will be back . i hope business picks up because it was not full on a friday night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife is hispanic and she says these tacos are the best . i agree though , i am just a gringo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the southwest chicken salad is amazing . the half muffalata and cup of gumbo is also really good . the staff at this location is very friendly and accommodating . while it is a self service restaurant , the staff constantly walks around to see if you need drink refills or if there is anything they can get you . its good food at a great price and has become a regular weekend lunch spot for me . the tea is also really good if you like tea . coupons are regularly available for 3.00 off an entree from money mailer so make sure to look for one before going , but if you find it online it must be printed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite lunch place - when in doubt , go to mcalister 's ! the food is always top notch and of all the things i 've tried , i 've never eaten anything i did n't like . the savannah chopped salad is a favorite as well as the four cheese griller . the spuds are great ( huge ) so i get it as the choose 2 combo with a salad and half a spud and it 's a perfect lunch . the service is always good and it 's nice to be greeted as a regular . oh , and the fresh , baked-daily cookies ? a fabulous way to cap off lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a sandwich to get your nosh on , give mcalister 's a try . i like their `` choose 2 '' combo , because their tortilla soup is tasty ( you can get a salad and half sandwich if you prefer , but then you 'd be wrong , because ... the tortilla soup ) current fave for the half sammy is the horseradish roast beef and cheddar - the four cheese grilled cheese is another . give the reuben a miss , and i did n't really dig the ham and cheese toastie - the dijonnaise was a bit overpowering . the staff is very friendly , which makes it that much nicer to visit . nice place to grab lunch . ( does anyone else get static-shock from the cup when you 're drinking water there ? that 's an oddity of mcalister 's that makes me chuckle just about every time ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying this place , always see their ad on the bus stop when i drive by and i 'm so glad i stopped in ! the employees were great and the food was yummy . what made it a 5 star for me was the manager . when i was ordering he told me kids eat free tuesday , and i should order something for my 2 year old . i got him the pita pizza and he seemed to like it pretty well . i tasted it and it was quite good . it was nice to see other options on the kids menu besides the traditional mac n cheese or chicken strips ... it came on a whole wheat pita too ! the coleslaw was also good - not dry like a lot of places are making it now . i will definitely be back to try a panini next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid food in a nice , clean , and comfortable restaurant . the new yorker is the best thing i have found on their meu . i 'd skip the nacho basket and the mac n cheese , nothing to write home about on these two . service was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to try something new by our home for a sunday lunch and i am sad to say that i will never be going back to this place ever again . i ordered a southwest cobb salad and it was more of a cheese salad , i have never seen so much shredded cheese in my life , the lettuce was wilted and had guacamole that i am certain came from a bag . this place is everything i hate with corporate restaurants , pretty much just manufactured food that taste like crap . i 'll be sticking with restaurants that take pride in what they serve .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is revolting at best . the only reason i can imagine people giving it good ratings is because it 's cheap . my 4 year old would n't even eat her food ( and i got her 2 options cause it was so cheap . '' it 's corporate food done badly . blah !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have n't been to a mcalister 's in about ten years , and while i do n't remember liking it very much , they have changed a bit . i 've been to this location twice and enjoyed it both times . tonight i got the choose two with a bacon spud and grilled roast beef sandwich . both were great ! i would get them again . fast , friendly , and cheap . what more could you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having the spud 'ole . it 's absolutely fantastic . baked potato covered in chili , jack cheese , and jalapenos . got ta try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living in new york has really raised my standards on deli 's . i would say this is about the same as any basic bodega in new york . would be just as happy with a subway sandwich", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like mcalister 's . they have a good cherry lemonade . i also like their iced tea . my mom and i have split the club and a roast beef . both were very good . clean , good customer service . i wish there was one on gilbert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in the valley . it 's a fantastic deli that shames places like paradise bakery and jason 's deli . get the spicy southwest chicken griller or the new cuban ... they are my favorites on the menu . the cookies are so incredibly soft and yummy and you can get a free one just by checking in to yelp !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was excited to go back - last visit had a club sandwich . very good . this time , however , two of us ordered - one the horseradish roast beef & cheddar - black angus roast beef with sharp cheddar , caramelized onions and horseradish sauce on ciabatta bread . he shared half of his with me , and i shared half of my california turkey reuben - smoked turkey , coleslaw , swiss and thousand island dressing on toasted rye . i had the better deal . not over the top in flavors - but a great taste - coleslaw was a little too sweet for me but not bad . his , however , was `` ok '' - just lacked flavor . beef was bland , could n't taste any horseradish or onions . oh well . previous visit and had the mccalister 's club . very good . i 'll be back ... but choose differently next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! i ordered our deli sandwiches using their app on my iphone . it was simple and easy to place my order and pay for it . my husband picked it up . the service was excellent . i ordered their ice tea which they are famous for . the food was fresh and very tasty . i would highly recommend this deli to anyone looking for something different from all of the other delis that are out there . they stand apart because they have a menu that is filled with choices and allows you to customize your order . i would have taken a picture , but we inhaled it so maybe next time . prices are reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love it here , long story short . they 've got a delicious selection , location and layout . even with the younger crowd as staff , they get the job done and really pay attention to customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very ordinary restaurant , not my idea of a deli . all the meat is precut hormel brand . i expect exceptional in house cooked and sliced meats and home made sides . just another fast food place , nothing special !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mcalister 's deli is awesome ! it 's right in the busy pv shopping area ... always plenty of parking . the staff is very friendly and the restaurant is always very clean . the food is delicious and the portions are a nice size . my favorite sandwich is the roast beef and cheddar with horseradish sauce . simply divine ! my favorite is the savannah chopped salad ... it 's huge and filled with cranberries , almonds , chicken , cucumbers , etc . it 's really super good . i order catered lunches for my office occasionally and they 've never let me down ! they have a really decent baked potato bar ( for catering ) and the potatoes are as big as my car . the salads are always fresh , the sandwiches are satisfyingly big and delicious . it 's a great lunch place ... you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . we stopped in for lunch and the word is out because the place was packed . the ice tea was great and i loved being able to chose a half sandwich and a half potato . they were both huge and i could n't finish . i got the club sandwich and while hard to eat because of its size the ingredients were fresh and i really liked the russian mustard . my spud was good too , i got the cheese and chicken one and it really hit the spot . i would try to avoid this place during prime time lunch rush ( 12-2:00pm ) as it took a while to get our food , but it was worth the wait . you get a free cookie when you check in !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one star for the two bites of food i ate . the turkey melt was inedible with hardened cheddar , gloppy mayo and bread i could barely cut through and the mac & cheese was cold . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice deli with a lot of options . food is great . recommend trying some of the sandwiches .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best food and customer service ! cody is the man ! i guarantee every time we come back into town we will be here ! thanks cody and team love , the dawls shawl dawls", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the muffaleta was mediocre , lacking in any distinguishing characteristic . the employees need training in customer service . not one ever smiled during our visit , ignored both my husband and i at separate times when we went to the counter , forgot our pickle , nearly tossed our flatware down , and had the air of being inconvenienced . the kid 's meal is a good value . not convinced we 'll ever return . jason 's deli beats it hands down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you would think if you order a turkey cheese melt it would have cheese on it . wrong ! since it was wrapped did n't know they screwed the order till i got home.never going back . a suggestion do n't offer options if you ca n't get the basics right ! sad", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i always get the sweet chipotle chicken grilled sandwich - love it . staff is so helpful , cheerful and great . the baked potato spuds are awesome . this is one of my regular lunch spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and customer service here . looking forward to a return visit , since they are right around the corner from the house . p.s . do n't forget the free cookie upon yelp check in !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "praize jebus mcalister 's has arrived ! sweet tea , delicious honey mustard and delish sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new place in our neighborhood . went to try it out and was pleased . it has nice seating areas and everything we tried we liked . we will go back . better than paradise bakery which has gotten sort of old .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious sandwiches & great service . friendly & welcoming environment . great variety of sandwich choices made to your taste and liking", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! the staff is incredible , and the food is always great ! we eat here weekly and have never had a poor experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here for lunch all the time and we love it ! the iced tea is fresh brewed and i love the huge cups- great value . we use their punch cards and get free stuff all he time because we are here about once a week . my husband really likes the french dip with mashed potatoes , i usually get a french dip with veggies . our daughter also enjoys the kids meal- it 's a great deal and comes with mac and cheese , teddy grahm crackers and apple sauce ! if you use the check in feature on the yelp app they will give ou a free cookie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd never been to a mcalister 's before but it was great from start to finish , service food and atmosphere . best lunch place i 've been to in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just tried the four cheese chili cavatappi as part of the choose two lunch meal . this chili is awesome over the macaroni and the cheese adds a nice creamy texture . i paired the pasta with a smoky pepper jack turkey sandwich which is always one of my favorites . as always the ice tea is the best in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a regular . best sweet tea ever ! i am a true southerner that needs her sweet tea . i buy it by the gallon weekly . i love their french dip and chicken salad on croissant . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . great food . love the tea . as long as you get a tea during the day you can come back that same day to get a refill using same cup", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mcalisters not only has fabulous items on their menu , but this location has a wonderful team of people working there ! they are truly service oriented ... they want to make everything just right for you whether you are rushing with a take out order , or staying and chatting for a leisurely lunch . love to have discovered this yummy lunch spot ! love the savannah salad ! i also love that you can order ( and pay ! ) online . great idea ... .multiple people can order and pay online , while one person goes to pick up the take out order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i used to go to mcalisters deli to eat 4-5 times a week . love the sweet tea . i stopped going .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife took me here for the first time and i really enjoyed the mcalister club sandwhich and mac n ' cheese . good stuff , a bit pricey but good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , wide menu , very friendly , good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had to wait a little while for food but the staff was all super friendly and the manager was going around giving free meals to all the customers who had to wait awhile for their food . food was delish ! definitely recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . the orange cranberry club was delicious , as was their potato salad and sweet tea . the young man behind the counter was nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what to say that has n't already been said . the service is great , the food is even better , and the tea ? i 'm surprised tea that good and addicting is even legal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for first time yesterday and very impressed ! tons of meat on a great tasting sandwich . delicious potato salad . the prices were very fair . ca n't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mcalister 's gets a 5 when you order their reuben . consistency every time ! casual and friendly . i do n't think you can get a better reuben for the price . the side selection is awesome and it also comes with a 1 4 deli pickle . my favorite is the potato salad . note : they have no problem adding coleslaw on the sandwich with the sauerkraut - i think its better that way . i 've gotten other sandwiches here and if i was rating on those i 'd drop it to a 4 personally , stick to the reuben if its your first visit ! they added cheesecake to the menu recently - it 's pretty good ( enough for 2 to wrap up a meal ) and it comes in under $ 5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wooooooo hoooooooo ! so happy that mcalisters if finally in arizona . on our way now ! ca n't wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! both their people and their food are top notch . i ordered their `` choose 2 '' option to get half a french dip sandwich and the broccoli cheddar soup based on their recommendation . they were both absolutely scrumptious , i just wish the portions were slightly larger for the ( still reasonable ) price . their white chocolate cookie is also on point ! i 'll be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most times the food has been okay . but last night the baked potato was so over cooked . it was brownish color inside and extremely dry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice location fast friendly service like you can order and then be seated love the selection of sandwiches and their flexibility to do it your way", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a definite hidden gem ! ! the wife and i stopped in for lunch one day and i instantly knew this was going to become one of my go-to 's . the product is fresh , the portions are generous , and the staff is friendly . well done and welcome to the neighborhood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good , not memorable . they said it was a chain headquartered in mississippi . that could explain it . nice staff though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the peach tea , which is what made me return here . that being said , i ordered the new bbq pulled pork sandwich . there was barely any meat on the sandwich at all . if you want to eat bread , with a flavoring of bbq sauce , then go for it . but for $ 8- $ 9 for a sandwich , there should be meat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to love their chicken cesar salad until i found a dead fly in one . i will not be eating there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the choose 2 option . they are polite and the employees and managers here do a good job of keeping it clean . the spuds are awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "major props to john ! one of the best servers i 've ever had . he deserves a raise , immediately : ) this location is fantastic , always great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it i lived in mississippi two years when i moved here me and my gf went 40 minutes out of our way to eat here and it 's just as friendly as in the south , i had purchased a order to go on my way out for my brother in law when i got to the car i forgot that i forgot to say no mayo , so i went inside i did not take the previous order back in as i was willing to pay as i was the one who made the mistake but when the lady noticed me back she asked what was wrong and did not let me pay for it . love the positive vibes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very much desiring a sandwich the first time i went to mcalisters . i called around to find a deli that offered gluten free bread and found them . wow ! there sandwich was delicious and they are happy willing to customize the sandwich how ever desired . i do wish they had more options for the side for gluten free , such a fritos , otherwise i continue to get the apple sauce which i am usually to full for so it becomes a snack for another day . i will continue to return and i love how close they are to my house . i wish i had discovered them sooner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went a couple days ago for the first time after hearing about this place from co-workers . with me being a very picky vegetarian , after looking at the menu i knew this was a place we had to go to . i got the veggie spud . the spuds are huge . so good . my bf got the french dip . he loved it . definitely a place we will have to come back to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't like this location very much . i ordered a tuna salad on a croissant to go , they gave me a chicken salad croissant instead . my dining partner 's salad was wrong , too . he wanted a macaroni salad , but got a mac & cheese , which he does n't like . the person that took the order did n't repeat the order to clarify it , like they usually do , they repeat it twice , once when ordering , also when they give it to you . the restaurant was uninviting , looked like a factory , with ceilings that have pipes exposed . i got sick after eating the chicken salad , it must have been old , or sitting out too long . very dissatisfied , because the other mcallister deli i go to frequently in illinois is much better . a very unpleasant experience to get sick from the food , these places need to have more quality control .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great teas excellent service ; constantly checking in to make sure everything is good . really good food . highly recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the 2nd mcalister 's i have gone to and the service and food are consistently good . i had a great italian style sandwich and some blackberry lemonade that was delicious . the staff was super friendly and down to earth . thanks guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge freakn salads ! ! ! thats honestly all i remember about going . i got a sandwich there , it was pretty good . i remember feeling hungry afterwards though . wish the sandwiches there were a bit bigger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , awesome customer service ! ! ! sweet tea & turkey ruben are my go to- amazing ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food for the price and a very friendly atmosphere ! i had the california turkey ruben and tortilla soup . both tasted great . if you want a quick bite , but do not want fast food then this is your place . you place your order and then take a number. , the friendly staff then brings you your food and they stop by on occasion to ask for drink refills . i did not feel obligated to leave a tip and when i asked about leaving one they said a simple thank you would suffice . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the southwest cobb and my husband got half a new yorker and a cup of chicken dumpling soup . my salad was huge and soooo good . the lettuce was extremely fresh and green . i loved every bite of it . i had a bite of my husband 's sandwich and the meat was tender and flavorful . i enjoyed his soup , but he did n't like it . he expected real dumplings , like the biscuit kind , but instead they were more like noodles . the soup was also very thick like they added a lot of cornstarch instead of creamy like i would think chicken and dumpling soup would be . still good , just not quite what one expects . but overall , i would definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd like to update my last review . the gm , kody , is a class act . he reached out to me right away and has used this situation as a training tool . i hope to see continued improvement in the future . thanks , kody !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok mcalister 's , you get your 5 stars for service . everyone there is overly friendly and helpful . you also get 5 stars for the amount of staff you have on hand , the speed of service , and the cleanliness of the place . i also enjoy the ginormous drinks that are refilled for you without you having to get up . what i do n't like is the menu . there are just too many choices . also , it is a mish mash of stuff that is difficult to wrap my head around . looks like their thing is sweet tea , baked potatoes , salads , and deli sandwiches . the place kinda sorta looks like a sports bar so it is all a very strange combination to me . i 've been there twice so far and have thoroughly enjoyed my salad and sandwich each time . the ingredients look to be fresh and the portions are good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sweet tea in phoenix ! great nachos and awesome sandwiches , chicken caesar wrap is probably my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the turkey on my sandwich was slimy turkey and the lettuce on my sandwich and lettuce was the outer layers of a head of lettuce that i would throw away , also the sandwich had a half slice of tomato for a whole sandwich . the place was clean and inexpensive , but i 'd rather pay a few dollars more and get something i did n't throw in the garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kudos to everyone in their department ! we come here all the time and its never a 5 minute venture . we always pick the employees brain about all our home needs ! david was very patient with us.. he helped us for like 30 minutes with what we needed . plumbing is no picnic but it 'll be a lot easier now with the help we received ! we then went over to the wood department and taylor helped us out with picking the perfect wood for my rabbit to snack on ! great customer service all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and foremost , home depot never seems to have enough check out help . the self-check is helpful but not the complete answer . it 's also difficult to find help to answer a question unless you are in the garden area . on the plus side , they usually have what i 'm looking for if i 'm willing to invest the time to search . parking is plentiful and easy . employees are helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly when available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in here last night and was really impressed by the friendliness and eagerness to help of every employee that we passed while browsing . i expect to find myself in here often in the coming months as we prepare to tweak update upgrade our house , and i 'm glad there are friendly employees there to help me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went today to have to keys made and the response i received was `` uhhh i have a meeting to go to '' as he took the keys from me . great customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband loves this home depot . they are always friendly and helpful and we get in and out fast . sometimes it 's hard to find people when you have a question , but once you get your hands on someone , it 's smooth sailing . in the summer we usually bring our dog here to , just to walk the aisles . ( support animal ) they know him by name and are super excited to see him when he comes with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "typical home depot . friendly helpful staff , much more knowledgable than any lowe 's as usual . the only reason i give this one 2 stars is because of how obnoxious they are with pushing the home depot credit card . employee 's literally walk around the store asking you , and the checkout people are especially obnoxious ! i frequent home depot 3-4 times a week , and it is almost making me want to drive to another location . obviously there is some incentive to push this credit card so hard , which is fine , but this store is over the top ! it 's a crappy card anyway , super high interest 26.99 % i believe and it is n't negotiable . standard interest rate across the board , regardless of credit score ! i will always remain loyal to home depot , but tone it down some ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm here almost every day . the people are super friendly and extremely helpful . they even called another store to find out where in their store to find a part i needed , and the guy in the other store nailed it - section , shelf and location on the shelf ! got ta return ? no problem . no questions , just do you want cash or credit . keep up the good work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't get your keys made here - they never work . 3 different times this has happened . not a fluke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lost a receipt from over a year ago and barbara ann in customer service tracked it down and provided me a copy . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great facility staff is very friendly and makes you feel right at home . customer service really helped me with my outdoor patio selection and helped me choose something that fits in my budget", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought paint on the last day of the behr paint rebate . got helped by gill . super friendly . very helpful . good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone here is always helpful . sometimes they have an empty spot or just one of something on the shelves . i understand you ca n't always have full stock of the thousands of items they carry though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible new policy on store credit . when i am doing home improvement projects , i always buy more than i need and my wife makes all the returns when i am finished . she usually gets store credit and i just use that card on my next project . the last time i was in to buy supplies for my next project , i could n't use the store credit because it was in my wife 's name and she was n't with me . apparently , the person making the returns and getting the store credit has to be present . it sounds like they are having an issue with their return process and fraud and us customers have to be inconvenienced to help them solve it . i wo n't be shopping here anymore , there is a lowes less than 2 miles away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just your regular home depot location . i was disappointed that we had to ask three people where chain lube might be , only to find out they did n't carry it after going on what seemed like a treasure hunt around the store . oh well - would try again for more generic requests . clean store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here several times and been disappointed every time with their plant selection . seems to me the person in charge of the indoor plants is n't doing there job or has too much going on and never has time to water the plants . very little variety , poor selection , and what they have is always half dead with no discount available", "score": "2"}
{"review": "simply put , this location at 745 s val vista dr in gilbert offered the worst experience at a home depot store ever . i 'm normally a big fan , but this location is a real disappointment in terms of customer service . the staff was unhelpful bouncing us from department to department and when additional assistance was requested , no one showed up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "home depot ... ... where else can you go to get what you need for those home projects you should have called someone else out to do that could have done it in record breaking time but your too cheap to pay for something so you do it yourself & after evaluating your performance as well as the amount of time it took you to achieve the crazy project you tried to tackle , you realized you should have called a pro ! now on the flip side of the coin , as a pro , i appreciate your valiant attempts to save money & sometimes thankful you did n't burden me with your desires . hahahaha ! that was a fun little tangent to go off on . i got ta say thanks to hd for offering a military discount !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in today , in need of some items in plumping and hardware . you can definitely tell this is an older location . not as clean as most locations , aisles are really tight and lighting is not the best . employees in plumping were not much help and it seemed in new more about plumbing than they did -- and that 's not saying much . i even ended up finding what i needed myself after searching for some time . although they ended up not having what i needed in hardware , the younger guy who was helping me was wicked smart and super helpful . on tip is that the registers are north of what appears to be the main entrance , which is a little weird imo . either way , if you plan on parking near the garden section or the center entrance , be prepared to walk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for years i 've chosen home depot because they were closer and a little better organized than lowes . but i recently had to make a return on the same day i bought something ( bought the wrong item ) and they demanded my driver 's license because i had used a gift card for a portion of the order ( not the whole thing ) . this is despite the fact that i had the receipt . this is a really poor policy that the managers ca n't override , and the worst part is that they told me the information is given to a third party to track returns . nobody has been able to tell me the name of this company or their privacy policy . it 's a big problem to me so i 'll be shopping at lowes from now on , and avoiding gift cards since they are n't treated like cash is . a cash or credit card return with a receipt would n't have required an id , i asked .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "visit last week : 35 minutes standing in line to rent a rug doctor . visit right now : 25 minutes in line to pickup blinds we ordered . guy next to me waiting for 30 minutes to buy a washing machine . but hey , the popcorn guy and greeter are having fun . and now the register does not work !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "normally i get a little frustrated at hardware stores because i often do n't even know the name of the thing i 'm looking for , so i have to do that awkward `` it looks like this and it 's shaped like this , and it does this '' with hand motions . well i did that this time and the person who listened to me was very helpful . then a true miracle happened . i was standing waiting to get a key made . the person making the keys was helping someone else . all of the sudden , another employee of the store saw me , asked if i needed help , and then made a key for me . bing bam boom . done . very helpful and friendly store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most the people here are friendly and helpful . the flooring and most the paint people are very nice and helpful , as well as anywhere on the floor . one of the women at the customer service counter , however ( arya or something like that ) , is extremely rude ! ! ! ! wo n't even look at you , extremely unfriendly and unhelpful . sour look on her face every single time i 've seen her or dealt with her ; she 's downright unprofessional . it 's a surprise because we are always saying how home depot has the most helpful employees . if you go to lowes do n't expect to find anyone around to help you , let alone actually pretend to be willing to . but at hd they have much better service and selection , but that older woman at the cs is another story ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think i am here every other day . so much so the employees recognize me and ask how my projects are going : ) they have all been super helpful and very knowledgeable about every random thing i come in with . another plus , they let me bring my 60lb dog in ! ! if you need help with anything having to do with wall textures , paint or stain find carmen . i swear this woman knows everything and is more than happy to help you find exactly the right colors etc . in the lighting part is a 50-60 year old guy with his ears pierced that can help with anything electrical and has saved us a lot of headache . he has a beard and his name might be ray but i ca n't remember .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequent the store about 3-4 times a week . usually have exactly what i need , which is a surprise because i often go into shopping with only an idea and they usually have something to match it . customer service is overall very good and i am pleased with the plant selection and variety in landscaping tools and handyman equipment . overall very pleased with this location and am glad it 's only a mile away from my house rather than just an ace or walmart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their hdx shelves are great , they are some of the best shelving for garages . in fact their hdx , or home brand , is quite good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cleaning my front yard today and decided to replace a dead plant . home depot nursery area was well kept and clean , i 've always enjoyed going to this home depot since the layout is logical in my mind and i know where everything is ( why ca n't they all have the same layout ? ) the flowering plants were near the front door so it is easy to pick one . i thought i would surprise my wife with an ornamental pepper bush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easy black friday shopping ! i did some online research before and while standing in line for the store to open they gave us maps of the store and where each item was located . they even had coffee donuts and bananas while we waited . we were out in 10 minutes after the store opened ! very easy experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went friday july 13th around 7pm to get my eyebrows waxed and bio-gel + tips and a french manicure . the finished product looks decent , however , when they did the final sanding once the gel set , they cut 2 fingers on my left hand , and completely scrapped the cuticle of my index finger on my right hand off . i noticed bleeding , and they apologized right away , but they did nothing to clean or disinfect my hands , or the tools they were using . another girl next to me was getting something similar done , and she also appeared to be getting hurt by the same process . i wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at first i waa sorta pleased with the nails i got here until today ! ! stop ripping people off with the fake shellac ! the so called shellac was the same texture of a sticker almost my nails started looking bad and with dents and chips after about a week pf wear i do not work in an environment requiring me to wash my hands 500 times a day or anything they were just using fake shellac wannabe products so never again ! if you want quality nails drive 5 minutes over to the argentia location trust me you will not be dissapointed ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible shellac manicure . totally ruined my nails by using a fake shellac product . when i asked if they use shellac they said yes but they lied . i strongly advise against going here unless you just want quick waxing or a basic pedicure . shellac definitely not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would . the lady jacked my feet up , i told her it was hurting and she said `` why ! '' what do you mean why ? my feet are raw ! i waited in cold water for 30 minutes and did n't even get my pedicure until my friends was done and dry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my biogel fill ended up costing 50 $ . that is too expensive and it was not well done at all . i am very disappointed . this is my third try at this salon and all three experiences were bad . they need to bring their prices down if the quality and service are lacking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service . i went while it was busy , and was waiting 30 minutes . i had no problem waiting , except for the fact that they had other people who came in after me get started on their pedicures . i just walked out at that point . went to ruby nails instead , where the service is way better , and i was able to just walk in and get started on my pedi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on august 22 15 for an acrylic set . the work was done within 45 minutes and the lady who did my nails was nice and focused on the work at hand ( not a lot of conversation in their native tongue ) . the price was standard $ 25 but after maybe 2-4 days of having them on , you can start to see air bubbles . after about 1.5 weeks i was taking the nails off effortlessly when i should be going back to the salon removal or refill . i know the average time for acrylic nails is 10 days but i did n't find it very sturdy from the early stages .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "die buchung ist extrem problematisch hier . die mails werden nicht beantworten . die betreiberin hat keine ahnung ob es zimmer gibt , ob in stuttgart , oder doch in ludwigsburg . chaos total ! ich finde das alles sehr unprofesionell und umst\u00e4ndlich . man verliert zu viel zeit um ein paar euro zu sparen ! f\u00fcr den gleichen preis , oder vielleicht ein kleiner aufpreis , gibt es in der n\u00e4he bessere optionen . daf\u00fcr habe ich mich entschieden . niemals g\u00e4stehaus siebenschl\u00e4fer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "g\u00e4stehaus mit wg feeling . dieses g\u00e4stehaus ist mit liebe eingerichtet und wird freundlich gef\u00fchrt . ein echter geheimtipp f\u00fcr g\u00fcnstige \u00fcbernachtungen in ludwigsburg mit wg-flair . alles andere als eine sterile und ungem\u00fctliche hotelathmosphere . im preis inbegriffen ist das fr\u00fchst\u00fccksbuffet . in der thunerstra\u00dfe ( es gibt noch weiter h\u00e4user ) gibt es etagenduschen aber auch eine urgem\u00fctliche dachterasse , siehe foto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das g\u00e4stehaus siebenschl\u00e4fer ist eine einfache und \u00e4u\u00dferst preiswerte unterkunft . wer einfach ein bett zum schlafen und ein bad braucht , ist hier richtig . die pension ist nett eingerichtet , die zimmer sind ausreichend gro\u00df und haben alles , was man braucht . sch\u00f6n ist auch die kleine dachterrasse und die teilweise liebevolle einrichtung . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , das f\u00fcnf euro aufpreis kostet , ist sein geld wert . an das etagenbad darf man keine zu hohen anspr\u00fcche stellen ( es ist etwas eng , die dusche ist etwas klein ) , es ist jedoch absolut ausreichend . mein hauptkritikpunkt ist die problematische buchung und kommunikation mit der betreiberin : telefonisch geht gar nichts , und auch e-mails werden nur unzuverl\u00e4ssig beantwortet . uns wurde zuerst ein zimmer in stuttgart statt in ludwigsburg angeboten , am ende hatten wir statt einem einzelzimmer ein doppelzimmer . fazit : eine gute wahl f\u00fcr einen kurzen aufenthalt ohne gro\u00dfe anspr\u00fcche an luxus und komfort , daf\u00fcr sehr preiswert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's no doubt that this furniture store has real oak furniture . as soon as i walked in the smell of oak was wonderful . the store is clean and has a wide variety of pieces . there are so many times i 've gone to furniture stores and most furniture is not even made with quality wood or it is normally a veneer or particle board . oak for less has beautiful furniture and great prices . mike and suzanne were friendly , helpful and knowledgeable . i highly recommend oak for less !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after looking many a place for a nice new bookshelf , my husband and i found this place . this place is awesome ( and smells phenomenal too ) , nothing beats real wood . the owner , michael , was very helpful . he looked up a few styles for us and told us exactly what to expect for each . we ended up deciding to buy a bookshelf that was in store instead of having to order it . they delivered it to us and even exceeded expectations and got it there same day . all-in-all , a very friendly place to get some sweet furniture . if and when we need any furniture in the future , we will be coming here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible horrible ! just tried to go on to their website and pay my water bill . they wanted a $ 48 `` convenience '' fee to pay my $ 50 water bill . absolutely ridiculous . now i will have to go and get a money order made to pay the bill . there goes my lunch break . i am moving when my lease is up . and btw , they never fixed my stove . a year and a half and 2 burners still do n't work . they come in and wiggle a wire and say it works but within a day ... not working again . they just do n't care folks . stay away ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lived here two years ago . i got the one bedroom , updated phase so i paid extra for the upgraded amenities . however , the amenities are not well put together ; the appliances and counter top materials are very inexpensive . there are a lot of cacaroaches here , and i got it `` bomb '' twice . it was uninhabitable . the maintenance man did a very poor job of fixing things , and he would come over to flirt when he fixed my apartment . they rotated a lot of staffs when i was there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "air conditioner is always broken . calling apartment people from last three days , do n't know what are they doing . maintenance man is not good at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3.5 stars all-you-can-eat lobsters . enough said pros : lobsters glazed in brown , garlicy sauce , king crab legs , fresh fruits , good desserts like eclairs , lemon cake , staff does an excellent job at re-filling empty food trays , waiters were really attentive and friendly . most items were fair and average at best cons : hawk camp out with the anxious , greedy patrons for lobster re-fill , you have to time it right and make sure you 're either 1st or 2nd in line , otherwise , you end up with nothing and could be the 1st for the next batch . the sushi bar was questionable , i did n't even try , but there was a big selection of various rolls dinner : $ 17 ( with drink )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is barely warm , quality and selection drop greatly . i am very disappointed today .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was not impressed . bad food and bad service . the price was out of the question for this place . i will never return . i suggest pacific sea food for the same price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they went out of business last month . i 'm surprised they lasted that long . nice location and beautiful building but very very very poor management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "city buffet , formally jen buffet , formally zen buffet , formally hometown buffet is still a pretty good buffet.not as good as any of the previous buffets that were housed here but still better than your average chinese buffet.rand h. robyn n , and myself had lunch here today and they had most of your typical chinese fare plus a few things i have never seen before.i tried a lot of different items here and everything was tasty and the service was fast and friendly . so city buffet may not be the best buffet to serve food out of this building is still a good one and a solid four stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recieved an advertisement in the mail for $ 8.95 but when we got there it was $ 11.95 . they had a note on the door saying that they would no longer be able to honor the sale price . it was very shady ! if you are going to advertise a sale then honor that price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nette rustikal eingerichtete gastst\u00e4tte . die bedienungen freundlich . der gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche , entencremes an fr\u00fcchten war schon mal sehr schmackhaft . sehr lecker auch das danach gereichte frische brot mit marakujabutter , oliven\u00f6l und grobem meersalz . hauptspeisen waren der filetrostbraten und american hanging tender ( nierenzapfen ) . der rostbraten und das bissfeste gem\u00fcse war sehr gut ebenso das tender mit avocado und dattelcreme , sehr sch\u00f6ne aromen . sterneverd\u00e4chtig !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man merkt , das hier ein koch zu gange ist der 2 jahre von harald wohlfahrt und von rolf straubinger gepr\u00e4gt wurde . fantastisches essen wird hier zelebriert und das zu einem unschlagbaren preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis . ebenso der service . sehr aufmerksam und doch nicht aufdringlich und super freundlich . nicht \u00fcberladene speisekarte , sehr sch\u00f6ne getr\u00e4nkekarte und leckere desserts . wer einmal sterneverd\u00e4chtig essen m\u00f6chte und das zu einem moderaten preis darf am hirsch nicht vorbeigehen ! ! ! reservierung empfohlen ! aktuelle speisekarte : http : www.hotel-hirsch-fellbach.de speisekarte", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein von au\u00dfen gut erkennbar in einer nebenstrasse von fellbach-schmieden . bedienung wir wurden sehr nett empfangen und bekammen trotz fehlender reservierung dennoch einen platz . aufmerksam , zuvorkommend und freundlich das essen wir entschieden uns f\u00fcr das 5 g\u00e4nge men\u00fc inkl . weinreise . vom gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche bis hin zum dessert war ich restlos begeistert . preis leistung stimmt hier voll und ganz . ein fast 4 st\u00fcndiges erlebnis das ich auf jedenfall wiederholen werde . das ambiente in der einrichtung , wohnlich und wunderbar gem\u00fctlich . eher schlicht gehalten dennoch f\u00fchlt man sich wohl ! sauberkeit keinerlei beanstandungen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gehobene k\u00fcche mit guten weinen in sch\u00f6nen ambiente und freundlichem service . dies ist abgek\u00fcrzt die essenz eines besuches in diesem restaurant . die vorspeisen und hauptspeisen waren allesamt raffiniert und gekonnt zubereitet , die portionsgr\u00f6\u00dfen passend . die weinbegleitung war stimmig und die bedienung half bei allen fragen prompt weiter . auch das hotel ( v.a . der neubau ) ist sehr modern und chic eingerichtet . allenfalls moderner irrsinn wie eine glaswand zur toilette erschlie\u00dfen sich einem bislang eher in einsamkeit der def\u00e4kation fr\u00f6hnenden gast weder auf den ersten noch zweiten blick . es hat einfach keinen sinn . der gastgeber und inhaber ist \u00fcbrigens mit herzblut dabei uns erz\u00e4hlt gerne und enthusiatisch von seinem bestreben etwas mehr genuss in diese welt zu bringen - und dies mit erfolg !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren nun bereits mehrfach hier zu gast , zuletzt die eigene hochzeit im hirsch gefeiert . fazit : ich kann mich hier wirklich kurz fassen oder vor begeisterung einen roman verfassen . es war einfach alles perfekt . zum abschluss vom koch sogar noch ein paar wertvolle tipps bekommen , vielen dank nochmal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gas station is a gas station , but the workers here , where pretty rude , i will avoid due to that fact .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the station i fuel up at most often . easy in , not so easy out if your traveling west , and top tier fuel . i 've never had a problem with the clerks being rude , but hey , we all have bad days right ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst car wash ever.. my car was dirtier when i came out of the car wash.. and it was $ 7 ... total scam.. the $ 3 places are way better.. do n't use the car wash..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great prices on diesel fuel . they have two redbox machines here . it makes for an easy in and out trip since they are on the corner . the two times i have gone into the store i was greeted by an employee . they have some pretty good happy hour deals too . i ca n't say i have seen another gas station with happy hour deals . no , it was not liquor deals . one of them was buy any size coffee get a free redbox movie . winwin since i was going to get a redbox anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never gone in but the prices are nice , it has a car wash if you so choose and it has enough pumps to where i 've only had to wait once in 6 months of coming here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "restrooms are disgusting and urine on the floor and no one bothers to clean them up so disgusting i will never come here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stop here some mornings for coffee and the staff is always so nice ! they smile and act friendly , something so many people in the customer service industry lack these days . overall no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for a float session today ( my first ) and overall it was a great experience ! pros great location ( yorkville , a walk away from yonge bloor station ) staff were very friendly and helpful room was nice ( private ) and clean cons room did not have any hangers to hang your clothes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rest nest was a great experience . beautiful studio , with built in showers and friendly help . floating was quiet , and you could tell that the machines were virtually brand new and easy to use . it was a worthwhile experience and i am definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got home from my very first floating experience at rest nest . it was absolutely amazing . probably the most relaxed i 've ever felt in my life . the staff were amazing and the tank was nice , large , clean , and warm . the rooms themselves are a little small , but that really does n't a all . as soon as i left , i wanted to go back for another hour . since it was my first time trying floating , it took awhile to fully let myself go . they say the first time is a practise run for the second time , which is where you get the most out of it . i totally understand why . definitely going back here ! i highly recommend giving it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner and employees are friendly and helpful . the pods are neat and spotless . it was a relaxing and wonderful experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at rest nest float club . alex and den are supper friendly . i received a quick orientation at the place . the hour pass by super fast and i felt great and relaxed afterwards . i would definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a beautiful place in the heart of yorkville . the floats are beyond relaxing and the massages are unique ! a gem in the city . all the staff are very kind and thorough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my first visit so much that i returned for a second float a couple weeks later . in addition to the relaxed state i feel while floating , the health benefits i enjoy for the few days afterwards makes this a worthwhile experience . the staff ( alex ) is extremely friendly . the pods and in-room showers are in excellent condition . the hair-drying room is very convenient . i definitely recommend rest nest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed my experience at the rest nest . the owner is a really genuine , down to earth dude and is committed to making sure you get the most out of your float . the float tanks are new and well maintained , and unlike many of the float spas in the gta this one is not near any subway lines that would hinder the experience . will definitely be recommending this place to my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would highly recommend floating to anyone ! even hours after my session , i maintained an overwhelming sense of peace and serenity . rest nest was fabulous and i ca n't wait until my next visit . as other reviewers have mentioned , the owner was incredibly helpful and thorough during the walkthrough , which was much appreciated as a newbie . from demonstrating how the tanks function , to suggesting tips for comfortable floating , i felt at ease during what could have easily been an intimidating first experience . spotless facilities , rainfall head and pebble floor in the showers , and a hair-drying room all added to the great vibe as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great shop i send all my trans work to bill have for close to 17 years ( asc complete automotive ) 602 363-7882", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here years back with a 1995 camaro z28 . i had been to six shops that told me i needed a torque converter for a job somewhere around $ 2,000 . i came here and bill brought it right in . he called me 30 minutes later and my car was done . turned out to be the fuel filter and he did n't even charge me for it . amazing shop , earned my trust and is my go - to place for transmissions . he even handles work that does n't involve transmissions . only shop in the valley i trust !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill is honest & very knowledgeable . he helped me retrieve my transmission 's error codes . so , i could make a claim to the dealership . who repeatedly denied an obvious transmission problem . i was then able to receive warranty coverage . bill saved me thousands of dollars & did n't even charge me for the diagnosis . bill restored my faith in the auto service industry . his pride in workship should be applauded & an example to all who just want to get paid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing bad news from aamco transmission of black canton road they said my transmission have to be for me like that and more than likely have to get fixed with a couple grand i decided to go to state to state transmission just for an opinion that opinion cost me only $ 100 bill drove my car hooked up to the machine to my car and fix my problem my car is running great transmission still in there it 's just very reassuring that you can actually go to the shops and have honest guys actually tell you the truth about what 's going on i definitely recommend going to state to state transmission if you have any issues like that it was awesome man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just purchased a 1970 gmc c1500 and i knew the transmission needed rebuilt . bill and his crew took care of it at a decent price . truck is running fantastic . they fixed everything the previous owner destroyed and even through in some extras . thanks bill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are top notch . if you need a transmission rebuilt or serviced , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a to-go order today . i got the # 4 , tenderloin beef shish kabob . the kabob was flavorful and really hit the spot . the food was great ! the food is also halal ( muslim kosher ) . awesome that they have a location on west side of town now . the interior is immaculate and the food prep area is set up so that you can watch what is going on . they are offering a coupon for a free kabob ( ground beef only ) with the purchase of any entree . the coupon expires on 4 30 2011 is is for dine in only . will definitely be frequenting this place on an on-going basis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried there 2 kabob special 1 lamb 1 beef it was the worst i ever had the rice even taste horrible first time in my life i threw away that much food . it was n't even worth taking home . do n't eat there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is pretty delicious . we got a beef kabob , and a chicken kabob this time , and they were both awesome . very juicy , and flavorful the fresh flat bread they make there is really good as well . the interior is nice , and clean , and the service is great . my only complaint with flame kabob used to be that their prices were a bit high , but that 's not as much of an issue anymore . they have $ 3.99 lunch specials on weekdays 11-3 , and that 's pretty damn reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw it in strip mall while i was stopping by to get a jiffy smog . the prices were sort of steep considering the portion size they were doling out . the items did look good in the pictures but i walked in and no one was at the counter . the place looked great and clean . i waited a few minutes but with no one came , i thought maybe they were getting ready to close so i left . i 'll be back as everything looked good , and smelled good , i just did n't have anyone serving me in order to taste it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rip off ! ! ! i had a speeding ticket that these scammers told me they could turn into a parking ticket and get the fine reduced quickly ... well , it took months of hounding them only to have the fine increased by $ 100 ! they flat out lied to me and would not return calls . do not give these scammers your business . what a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have no idea how and why ken frizzell would even get 1 star ? first and fore most mr. frizzell was the first out of 6 attorneys i was shopping around for that invited me to come over to his office and talk to him face to face . i thought right off the bat that this was a good gesture as the other 5 attorneys only wanted to talk either through email or telephone . the information that mr. frizzell gave me is pretty much the same information that every other attorney gave me so i had no doubt to think he is lying to me . he also was upfront with me and let me know he does n't do this or that and that if that 's what i truly wanted then i would need to find another attorney that specializes in that field . so for me i give mr. frizzell a 5 star .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away from this office ! i was lied to by shari compton and brooks compton they 'll say anything to you to get your business . and when you try to talk to them to get some answers they cut you off and never talk about the questions at hand . steer clear of this whole place ! ! ! ! ! ! wish i was smart enough to look here first ! these people suck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! horrible ! by far the worst service and full of lies . they steal steal your money and make you pay more to the courts ! do not mess with them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ken gets 5 stars in my eyes . they did exactly what they said and for a very good price . i got a driving on suspended license and speeding ticket on the road to see boulder dam . i was supposed to have that ignition interlock device on my car ( thing you blow in or your car wo n't start if you 've been drinking ) anyway it could have been a real problem in california . i got the iid installed and emailed proof , and that got dismissed . then the speeding ticket got reduced to parking ticket no points , and no traffic school . had to pay a fine of only $ 175.00 so i 'm happy with the ticket fixer and what he did for me . the office staff is real good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always gone to ken frizzell for 3 speeding tickets in the last 3 years as well as an expired plates ticket last year . he helped me reduce them all to parking violations and i have always received quick responses from his office . recently in april , i submitted my speeding ticket to ken frizzell and within a week i received a letter in the mail from him . in no way did i feel like they forgot about me or that i was just another number . in fact , ken frizzell has always taken care of me promptly and his office staff was very polite and helpful to me on the phone when i did call . i have recommended him to all my friends and family who have had traffic violations , and they have all been taken care of and loved him . without any hesitance , i would recommend him to anyone hands down ! i would say , give him a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jus wanted to say my man kenneth took care of me today in court . he told me me he was gon na do everything possible to keep me outta jail and he delivered . thank you and ur entire staff ... my family greatly appreciates it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go to this law firm , for any traffic tickets ! ! ! they claim they will get it dismissed with no fee , other than there $ 100 . you will find out 2-3 months later that you still have to pay a fine . they did nothing ! ! ! just go to court for yourself , its cheaper ! ! ! ! you are a disgrace ! ! ! oh and do n't worry , i will hand out your business cards ; with a big disclaimer not to go to you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very happy with my experience which lasted about six months always on time and professional ! thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! such a neat little store with all sorts of spices and teas . most of the space is devoted to spices , which range from mild to very hot . the teas have less shelf space but the variety is decent and there are some samples available for tasting . notably each spice and each tea has a small container that you can open to take a sniff of what you 'll be buying . small free gift with purchase and very friendly service make this place a super-winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , it 's in the plaza with michaels , nike outlet , famous footwear for those directionally challenged like me . sheffield has a huge supply of teas , salts , spices and baking mixes . a lot more than i expected . the teas in the bottles to smell did n't give off much scent , which had me a little worried at first . however after i brewed the tea at home they gave off a lot of aroma . with any purchase you get a sample of tea , bbq seasoning or salt . there 's a card on the table with brewing instructions for first timers ! there 's also a table up front with clearance items for 50 % off . earl grey already in tea bags : 20 satchels for less than $ 3 rose rooibos : small packet for $ 5 it 's really affordable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a tea lovers dream . i am a huge tea girl who was thrilled to find this place . the lovely woman who assisted me was knowledgeable and friendly . there is an excellent selection and it smells great in there ! i bought all sorts of cool tea accessories as well . this is a must visit shop for those who drink good tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after so many times of coming into this plaza , i finally made a stop at sheffield and i could not be more happy about what i found . browsing around the store , i saw so many spices and blends that i need for my kitchen . what really caught my eye was the selection of tea . with fall and winter coming around , i am ready for a nice warm beverage . tea being my preferred mode of `` caffeination '' had me scanning and limiting my choices to two per visit . the vast array of green teas could have me busy for some time alone . my friend and i came in close to closing , so we tried to be courteous and not take too long to look . next time i will need to spend some time to look at all the infused oils and balsamic vinegars . it was really sweet how they give free samples of their product with a purchase above $ 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my only complaint is no one from this place has hopped in the car with me yet offering to come home and cook for me yet ! mexican oregano ... a current favorite ! ! ! special requests do n't phase the folks here ! customer service is key in this specialty shoppe where parking has never been a problem . talk cooking with cheryl and she can suggest items ! before you stick up for the holidays replenishing your old grocery store spices or worse ... . cook with them ... again , visit sheffields . now let 's talk tea ! better yet ... come in and sip some ! tea lovers adore sheffields . tea novices rely on sheffields even for simple brewing instructions ! great gift ideas ! fabulous personal shopping assistance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our home is vegetarian and there are so many options here to dress your food up and keep it exciting . they have everything here . staff are extremely helpful and are always curious as to how we are using the spices . the give recommendations and free recipes too . i can get a different blend of tea every time i visit because there is so much variety . if you love to cook , bake or if you love tea - this is a great spot to visit . the samples with every purchase are a great way of trying something new you never thought you 'd try . a true gem in our neighborhood which i hope grows with our family for years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as someone who is hardcore into their teas . i found this place to be excellent for what i seek . the variety is good and the spices are a nice bonus . its very nice to see a tea store run by common folks . the free sample sealed the deal . check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this little gem nestled between michael 's and petsmart on eastern . it is clean , inviting , locally owned by and staffed by a charming couple that know their stuff . at last , a place to find the odd spice i need ... plus , the prices were amazing . my 8 year old daughter and i sampled a trio of teas on display and purchased two herbal blends and a tea ball . i 'll definitely be headed back soon for stocking stuffers and gifts . this shop would make an excellent midpoint in a day of marathon shopping . the heady aromas of spices and fruity teas , the bountiful array of tempting products , and the open floor plan make for a calming , restorative experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge fan of tea , but this place has made me want to be ! they have quite a tea selection and , for those people who are curious what some of their teas taste like , they have some samples ( yay ! ) . however , what caught my eye ( more my boyfriend 's ) was the spices . holy mackerel their spices . it is n't the cheapest for it 's quantity ( jewelry-sized bags for anywhere from $ 3- $ 5 , i think ) , but it has by far the biggest variety i 've seen - butter powder , fenugreek powder , assortments of curries , different meat rubs - wow ! they also carry those essentials for the kitchen i.e . salt and pepper mill , salt spoons , cook books , cooking utensils . this place would e a great stop for presents ! last , but certainly not least , the saleslady . very hospitable and knowledgeable sales lady !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my personal obsession with all things tea has waxed and waned over the past few years . visiting sheffields spice and tea shop has it back with an utter -vengeance- ! they not only have fantastic teas , accessories and flavorful spices of all types , the owners are so knowledgable and kind . they are very proud of their business , and they should be ! go go go , and make your life flavorful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic selection if you are a foodie or even if you are not or know someone who is ... this is a great place for an amazing selection of spices , salts and seasonings ! a personal favorite of mine is the chili oil and garlic oil great for stir fry , bbq grilling and everyday saut\u00e9 ! terrific selection of teas and every accessory a teetotaller could want or ever need . and last by not least great gift ideas , i always find unique gifts for my son in law who is a.master in the kitchen and on the grill , the gift of food is something they can always use ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! i am a sucker for spice shops and had never seen one in vegas . little did i know this place has been here for a year ( next week ) ! ! talk about a smack in the face ; how did i miss this ! ? best customer service and amazing selection . i just went in to look around , but left with 2 bags of earl grey tea , my latest obsession . will be back , for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea-lovers you have to visit this adorable little shop ! even if you do n't like tea , make the stop for unique spices , flavored oils and seasonings of every kind for your meats , veggies , soups and dips . even if you do n't love tea , this place has so many specialty items and `` farmers market '' type goodies you 'll love . their teas are all loose leaf and in clear bags so you can see what you 're buying . they also have samples of everything in jars in front of the teas so you can smell the flavors . several samples were also available to taste . i was able to purchase many different items on top of the tea i stopped in to buy including spicy vegetable dip , the original montreal seasoning , candied ginger and vanilla . i look forward to coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! and i 've only been here once . i mainly came for tea . they have so many varieties and the best part is that the workers really know their stuff . i love that most of their teas are about $ 5.00 for a 2oz bag . they also sell a variety of tea pots , sets and canisters . i ended up buying 4 different green teas . all of them very very good . china 's dragon : my favorite of the four , smells flowery and slightly sweet tasting . bancha : very traditional japanese tasting . easy to drink . tropical green : smells amazing and makes the tea seem very sweet . dragonwell : very traditional chinese green tea . i 've been having a hard time steeping it for some reason , but it tastes amazing . only slightly bitter . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . staff was helpful when i was selecting tea and equipment for my 12 year old granddaughter . she is now drinking green tea every day and is enjoying experimenting with loose and bagged teas . lots of great choices here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing little spice shop and a fantastic tea selection . the couple running this place are also some of the nicest shop owners that i have had the pleasure of doing business with in this town . i 'm sad that i do n't live close by any more but will still make the drive across town just to shop here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an great find ! great selection of spices but most importantly they had tea . i was in the right place . they have a wide varieties of tea including green and herbal . if your a tea addict like myself you can defiantly find a tea to suit you . they have tea samples that even my husband liked . if your looking for balsamic they have a good selection as well . friendly owners and very knowledgeable . one place i will return to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! a great selection of yummy teas ( my favorite ) . they have a wide range of spices , that i am just learning to use . also , a great place for flavored olive oils and related gifts . a friendly & knowledgeable staff for beginners like me . all around a great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm loving this place . great atmosphere , friendly knowledgable service , and close to my house . also i am very picky about my chai tea , it 's rare for me to find one that i truly like , but the masala chai is spot on perfect . you also ca n't go wrong with the rooibus tea , any flavor . very happy i found this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheryl , the proprietor is knowledgeable , friendly and gives great service ! i had a list of spices my wife needed that would 've topped $ 100 at the grocery store , being forced to buy 2-3oz bottles . i was able to fill my entire list for only $ 17 at sheffield 's ! the shop is clean , inviting and smells wonderful ; like old world exotic ports of call . i 'm from seattle and was spoiled for spice tea shop choices . sheffield 's would stand-out among any of them . the place is a true gem and deserves your business . as long as i live in vegas , sheffield 's will get all of my spice tea business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so in love with this shop ! the tea quality is phenomenal and it makes it even better that the owners are friendly and extremely knowledgeable about their products . apart from a vast tea selection , they also carry an abundance of delicious spices , oils , and seasonings . i will be a repeat customer for as long as they continue to be in business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is next to michael 's . amazing selection of teas and spices . go check this place out for hard to find fresh spices and small batch teas from all over the world . go support this small business . lady who helped me was very nice and filled with knowledge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went out here today , from the west side of vegas . walking to the door with a friend , we could both smell the spices , and the silly grin on our faces . as someone who spent 10+ years in texas , i can handle some heat , and they were working on packaging some jalapeno powder , and i could smell it ! it was fantastic . samples for everything for scent were available , an excellent tasting table for their immense olive oil selections . walked out with three big bags of mixed spices , things i needed , and a pink himalayan salt round . i 'll be back in the coming weeks , i know that much for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cute little place selling lots of different loose specialty teas and a ton of spices . i was in specifically for the tea , so i did n't browse all the spices . they had 3 teas out for sample , and the lady working was very friendly , helping me find a tea i would enjoy . prices are higher than the grocery store , but you have a much better selection . i 'll definitely be back for tea and whenever i need some specialty spices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and great selection of teas and spices . one can get lost with such a large selection but no worries for us . cheryl was there to help us . she is knowledgeable and was very patient with this geezer . the shop also has a very good selection of tea pots and accessories for tea drinkers . tried out their yunnan pu-erh and love it . i tasted many types of pu-erh in my time from low price kung-fu tea bags to $ 2k per disk from yunnan that i can not afford . sheffield 's pu-erh is my choice now after searching the las vegas area for quite sometime . unlike the ones sold at asian markets or herb stores ( loose leaves or bag ) that were either tasteless or with a moldy taste . wasted my money for having to toss out the moldy stuff and suffered through bags of tasteless darkened water . not here in sheffield , we will continue patronizing this quaint tea shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this place for all of my spices ! i love their selection and they even have free samples so you can try new blends all the time . the owners are always friendly and helpful and they have recipes for a lot of their blends . my meals are always delicious when i use their spices . as for their teas , they have a huge selection . i 'm not a big fan of tea but i 've tried some of their samples and i really liked them ! would definitely recommend coming here for all of your spice and tea needs ! ( they are cheaper than any grocery store too ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is small town feel in the big city ! we stopped in because we knew that they had my husbands favorite `` smoky tea '' lapsung . we were greeted kindly as we walked in and offered help finding what we were looking for right away . the variety of spices , teas and accessories are amazing ! it 's so much fun to look around and see what they have and to find exactly what you 're looking for or what you did n't know you needed until right then ! we 've been twice now and the second time they remembered who we were and what we purchased before ! love that ! the owner is super knowledgeable on all of the teas and they always have great recommendations ! best part is that they have free samples with your purchase ! we ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome little shop to buy a great assortment of teas and spices . the tea is all very good quality and they carry some very delicious unique flavors . their spice selection is enormous for the shops small size , and again all high quality . they have a neat selection of tea accessories , from teapots to tins and everything in between . definitely a must visit for any tea lover .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing selection of tea and spices . i love the store and all it has to offer . the owner is super nice and extremely helpful . i love coming here and would recommend it to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection and great service i stopped in one afternoon just to see what they had in the flavors of teas turns out they have spices olive oils everything my little heart desires the customer service that day was outstanding thank you so much for your help with my purchases i really appreciated it i highly recommend this little tea shop for spices teas and everything in between", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding selection of teas . easily the best tea shop - if not the only one , really - on this side of town , and can definitely compete with some of the stalwarts in chinatown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into this store with the only qualification is i like tea . both workers ( i believe they were the owners ) were very patient with me as i asked newbie questions of purchasing tea not saran wrapped from the grocery store and they were very patient with me . i 'll definitely be back when i need more tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place smells great . i came here for a secret santa gift and was n't disappointed . there is a variety of teas here ( i liked the herbal strawberry ) . the prices were fair and i appreciated the extra care the lady put into wrapping my gifts . ill start shopping here instead of teavana ; ]", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love everything in here ! customer service , spices , teas ... .and i 'm glad i found this place ... we found this place ... .i 'm always gon na go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spice selections are great , tea variety is amazing . i just wish i had more time to go over there . my go to place for dried herbs , tea , and vanilla paste . cheryl is always kind , the samples are always great , and the buys never seem to disappoint . i 'm in love with their quality of blends , and hard to get spices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this locally owned place has quite the selection in what they have to offer ... loose tea , spices , oils . even have vanilla beans ! they seem to take pride in their store and love what they sell . i got a good spice for chicken last time i was in . defiantly check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool spot , with a ton of selections on everything from curry , to tea to bbq rubs and olive oil . the lady who works here is really nice and helpful . i stopped in randomly and i am pleased a did , what a great find . i purchased the colombo curry , cattleman 's cracked peppercorn blend and a scone mix . i also got a sample of an italian spice mix for soup . i 'll do an update on the spices after i use them . they look and smell fresh , so i 'm pretty sure that they will be great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful store ! i could spend hours here just smelling the teas and spices . the owner was very helpful and knowledgable and the pricing was not too expensive . compared to boxes of gourmet teas sold at other stores , you definitely get a better deal here with the loose leaf .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness my mouth is watering just thinking about this buffet its located in new orleans , a little off the strip , but it is well worth the drive . the price is unbelievable ! $ 7.99 for lunch on a weekday ! for a buffet ! with seafood ! and steak and dessert ! i do n't understand how they are even making a profit ! for seafood , they have fish , crayfish , shrimp and king crab legs . they have a variety of american food ( steak , mac n cheese , grilled cheese ) , chinese food , mexican food , italian food ( pasta , lasagna , pizza ) , bbq ( mongolian bbq and baby back ribs ) and over 25 varieties of desserts . everytime i go to vegas , i come here and eat my heart out like a little fatty . highly recommended for a casual lunch and a great cure for hangovers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast buffet costs only $ 8.99 per person with a players ' club card . including drink , this is a deal ! the food tastes good and there is plenty of variety : omelettes , chocolate waffles , doughnuts , cereal , fruit , sausage , and much more . if you come near the end of breakfast hours you can get the best of both worlds when they switch to lunch fare , including seafood , bbq , mongolian , and more . my friends also loved the ayce seafood dinner buffet -- the cost is a little bit more , maybe $ 15 , but they quickly ate more than that in crab legs , mussels , clams , and shrimp . come early in the morning to avoid any lines . this represents superior value compared to the courtyard cafe , which is also in the orleans , though that cafe is 24 hours . there an entree plus drink could easily cost you $ 12 or more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went during lunch time . wait was long to pay , and then another long wait to be seated . food was average , there are better buffets to choose from if you are willing to pay a couple of extra bucks . for the price , you get what you pay for . waitress was friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here twice . once for lunch 2 years ago , and once for dinner 2 weeks ago . i have to say that i really like this buffet . there 's nothing fancy or gourmet about it , but maybe that 's what keeps the `` down-home '' menu consistently good . small selection at the salad bar , but the romaine lettuce mix was fresh and they had beets . my favorite section is the bbq . the pork spareribs were baked to a delicious tenderness . sauce is served on the side . mac n cheese was bright orange , creamy , and cheesy . loved it ! other sides were simple but good . the sign at the register said $ 13.99 for dinner but they were charging $ 16.99 that night ( because it was christmas week ? ) . we used our $ 1 off gold card , so it was a good meal deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here a ton of times . it 's ok. you get everything you want . there 's american , asian , italian , mexican , and an extensive salad bar . pretty much your typical local casino buffet . nothing will stole you as awesome , but it 's all edible . salad bar is loaded . i do like the mongolian grill . lots of dessert options including a chocolate fountain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rarely eat at buffets but we were seeing movie so seemed a good place for lunch . the wait to get in was awful . we could see plenty of empty tables and people leaving but they did not have enough staff . food was so-so . key lime pie and their gelato very good . would n't do it again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't come here until they are done with renovations ! currently the buffet is located in a temporary location until renovations are complete . the selection is much smaller & not quality food . normally this is a great spot , but not right now", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i tagged along to my mom 's high school reunion . they invited us to have dinner at the french market in the orleans . the buffet here is ok . i had a hard time getting something that i liked . the only thing that i remembered were crab legs and the soup . other then that ... everything else was bleh ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's not bad for the price . lots of different choices , from around the world , including desserts . i always eat too much whenever i eat here . bring your big appetite , because there is so many choices . there is quite often a line , so be ready for that . it is inside the orleans hotel and casino , if you 're a guest here you get a discount on your meal here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we will keep this one simple went on two different nights , comped so we thought we would take advantage . seafood night was somewhat phoned in . it just strikes me as an old folks home buffet . bland and brown . oh well if it 's free it 's worth it . the stars are all for the service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super mediocre . this place was maybe 2 steps above hometown buffett . but for 8 dollars , you get what you pay for . me thinks this will only be good for people who are crawfish fanatics . something about sucking a crawfishes ass i ca n't get with . everything was so bland and basic . the only thing i liked was the pizza because it was fresh out the oven . the shrimp had that old smell to it . the fried rice was bland and dry . i hear that their breakfast and dinner is delicious . but lunch was not . they have a gelato bar . i think this is the direction dessert is going in vegas buffets and i dig it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here on january 15 for sunday brunch with my family . good price for all you can eat & my parents enjoyed drinking champagne with their meal . definitely will come back worth the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you ca n't beat this for $ 15 . it is worth the short drive off the strip . food is decent . staff is nice . great if you have a big group to feed and do n't want to drop $ 20+ a head .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying out this buffet at new orleans casino . coming here on friday night for seafood buffet . this is surprisingly good and beyond my expectation . it is inexpensive as well for $ 27.99 per person . a lot of crab legs from both areas for hot and cold . they got the raw oysters , shrimps , big mussels , whole fish , prime rib and full rack of beef short ribs . love the beef short ribs . it was so juicy and so good . absolutely a very good quality of foods . i 'll definitely be back next time soon whenever i were in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this buffet is awesome ! they have a wide variety of items including sushi , bbq , mexican , italian , asian , salad bar , dessert ( even sugar free options ) , and much much more ! your tastebuds will not be bored ! i loved how the buffet items changed from breakfast to lunch to dinner and even the next day there were items they did n't offer the prior day . also during the champagne brunch they have a chocolate fountain ! they offer an all day pass monday-thursday for $ 25 and friday-sunday for $ 28 ... such an incredible deal ! it 's a great way to save money on food while in vegas . i will definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was passable , but nothing extraordinary . the salad bar is small , the selections at the other themed areas are strange ... like why are there bbq ribs on the asian section when there are already 2 different kinds of ribs at the bbq section , and look over here at the usa section ... more ribs . ilike ribs well enough , but i was almost afraid to go to the italian section for fear of seeing bbq rib pizza . the dessert bar is okay . none of the pastries were phenomenal , the cheesecake was heavy and not at all creamy , and the blueberry topping on it had the consistency of drywall spackle . our drink-getter was pretty awesome , though . she did a great job . the best thing i can say about this buffet is that the lines are short and it 's better than the buffet at a lot of the hotels on the strip , expecially those at the castle and pyramid ... names omitted to keep from hurting king arthur 's and pharaoh 's feelings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was edible . i came here with my mom and grand parents . they wanted to eat here . think they had crab or something they wanted . it is not very memorable . i have eatin at several better buffets similarly priced . i have been to vegas too many times to like this place . but the food was average , service and atmosphere is the same . i rather eat at the orleans coasta cantina . much better quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for $ 13.99 is ok for a buffet . the food was decent but everything tasted too salty even the fried catfish ( ? ) . the best part of this buffet is the crawfish . you can get a huge plate of them unlike some other buffets . a pound or two of them is worth the price . service was slow but we ordered extra drinks early and they accommodated that with out trouble .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed - not my idea of a vegas buffet . poor service and microwave quality food - i guess as the saying goes - you get what you pay for", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sat down with my parents and children for breakfast . seemed like a nice place to eat . kids ordered milk and as soon as they got it , the 3 and 4 year old started to spit it out saying it tasted funny . i took a swig and sure enough just about gagged . my father being as anal is as he is about serving bad food and causing mass illness in a public place , became concerned and notified the drink server and the waiter who did n't seem too concerned and told us they 'd replace theirs with juice . being the kids lost their appetite from the milk they did n't eat much . again on the way out my father told the hostess that the milk could make people sick and they should have it replace . her response in a sweet smiling way explained 'i 'll be sure to let security know . ' seriously ? how patronizing can you be to customers . ridiculous !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2.5 is a more appropriate rating . we have n't visited this buffet in a number of years due to past quality turnover issues , but we decided to give another try after i won two free buffets . most of the buffet employees were dressed in halloween garb and they seemed to be in a particularly cheery mood . also , the buffet was very busy which no doubt had a positive impact on turnover . i had my usual huevos rancheros , fruit and oj . the quality and variety of the food was a notch above those at both the south point , sunset staion , aliante and gold coast on this trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you kind of have to go to a buffet while you 're in vegas , right ? this one has a fantastic selection at a reasonable price : italian , mexican , asian , cajun , fried things , meat stuff , soups , salad , and an especially impressive dessert variety : ice cream , cakes , pies , danishes , all kinds of stuff ! i went at breakfast , so they had breakfast things too like waffles , omeletes , and pancakes . the dishes were hit or miss quality wise , as generally to be expected at a buffet , but the majority of it was quite good , and the beauty of a buffet is that you can try all kinds of stuff and eat more of what you like ! i think my favorite dishes were the shrimp cheese enchilada , churros , mashed potatoes , crabcakes , and apple crumble . and convenient if you 're staying in the hotel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lunch was $ 10.99 and includes a beverage . after 3:00 they start packing up the food and my waitress was busy cleaning and stopped bringing drinks , so it 's best to get there before 2:00 . the food was great , the price was alright .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came for champagne brunch . $ 12.99 with my players card ... not too shabby . the menu items were diverse and bountiful . i was quite suprised , considering the `` classic '' stature of the hotel , how fresh and varied the food was . granted it was $ 3 champagne , it was still a great deal . they offered all kinds of different cuisine . mexican , italian , american , asian , a good sized salad grilled veggie bar and a huge dessert bar . they also had an omelet station . the sections had typical items , enchiladas , pastas , bbq , cornbeef hash , shrimp , mussels , ham , roast beef , , corn on the cob , kung pao beef and most anything you can think of . each section was very well tended and replenished . the areas were clean and all the food looked delicious . the champagne lady came around frequently too . for the price and selection , this was an extremely awesome champagne brunch buffet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will make sure to never return to this buffet again . after the way our group was treated by nickey i was disgusted . she was very rude and came off argumentative from the beginning . hopefully someone from management will see this and help her to change her attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ate here for breakfast on saturday . it was only $ 8.99 including drinks . i expected the worst but suprisingly , i enjoyed the food here . the bacon was crisp , the mexican sausage was especially juicy and you ca n't go wrong with the biscuits and gravy . there was also an omellete bar . it 's a steal at $ 8.99 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is what i called secondary buffet choice . it 's great value , decent selection and good food . $ 7.99 ( with a players card ) for lunch ca n't be beat . i like their fish and chips . collar green used to be my go-to vegetable choice , but lately it 's very salty so i just stick with salad . each salad bar has different selection , so check out both if you want to have salad . i would skip the chinese , not even up to panda express quality . my favorite dessert is the walnuts tart . ice cream did n't taste like ice cream , more like yogurt or something very artificial .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been in vegas for 5 days and the orleans is right down the road . we 've eaten at the buffet 3 times and have enjoyed the lunch and dinner . the staff is always checking for drinks and keeping the table clean . ate 90 % salad bar and loved the selections . found the smoked ribs and that became our desert . really tasty . ate at 2 of there other properties and would give the gold coast a three star and the main street a two star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't typically do buffets ... but this one did it right ! ! ! everything was prepared well with quality ingredients . the service was fast and friendly . the price was nominal for what you got..i think it it was like $ 13 for dinner ... i would definitely go back if i was n't sure what i was craving and needed a quick bite to eat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here lunch time on a weekday . surprisingly long wait in line ( maybe ~20-30min ) but the line moved fairly quickly . nothing too special about this buffet . there 's a lot of different options but beyond that , the flavor does not call for a repeat visit ... .except the beef brisket . that was fantastic and i was so surprised . juicy , fatty , great flavor and seasoning . a must get before you fill up with everything else . because everything else is standard and not great . pros : selection . each section has a different theme to it so you can pick and choose what you 're feeling . big dessert and salad islands in the middle , but nothing special about the desserts , just your standard selection . service is good , they 're attentive with clearing plates and getting refills . and to be fair , at ~ $ 12 for a buffet , this place offers quite a lot , and is worth the costs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fairly good food . unpeeled shrimp . no turkey . good breakfast stuff still out at noon . would not be my first choice , but not to bad . overall the hotel and casino are fine . other restaurants here are very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , walk in , no appointment . took care of me really good job recommend it to anyone that is out town for a quick haircut . prices are good also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . friendly y saben cortar q es lo mas importante ask for el grande . ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great environment , nice staff . walked in and had zero wait . i got a great haircut , bread trim and hot shave . a great job at a very reasonable price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after going through the process of leasing a car ... i would definitely not recommend bowser subaru . we were told that all we had to do was go pick up the car , to find out that none of our paperwork was done . we spend 3 hours waiting for the finance and sales dept to figure things out . the entire time we were treated as young children that did not know anything -- - gave the true meaning to `` used car salesman . '' oh , and the entire time we were there they blamed us for `` showing up unannounced '' -- - i guess that is what you get for calling ahead ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service dept here sucks . tried to get me to pay for a head gasket repair at 37k mi on my pontiac and would n't look at my chevy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "about what you 'd expect . nothing great nothing terrible . price was fair and the selection decent . i really do n't have strong feelings about this business either way ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 stars for the bowser subaru service team - have had my 2011 impreza in 3 times . twice for recall work and a rattling heat shield and once for what i thought was a coolant leak . turned out the coolant leak was nonexistent and was probably coming from another car in the driveway . no leaks , so they topped off my fluids and did n't charge me a dime . wonderful to find a service center that is honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the subaru service center has the worst customer service i 've ever experienced . it 's pretty obnoxious to stand and wait unacknowledged while two employees finish their conversation . especially when one of them appears to be the manager . i worked in customer service for almost 12 years . i understand that it may have been a very important conversation , but at the very least , acknowledge your customer and say something like , i 'll be right with you ... ect , . it is incredibly rude to make said customer stand there and wait for 5 minutes . even though this location is very convenient for me , i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "greatest hardware store around . the best thing about dunn hardware is the superior customer service . the majority of the time when going to a hardware store , it 's to locate a specific item and or ask detailed questions . dunn has people waiting for you as you enter the store just to see how they can best assist you . try finding the same knowledgeable service at home depot or lowes ... . let me give you a clue . you wo n't ! on top of the service , this store has quite the extensive selection . they 're also an authorized retailer of benjamin moore paints . we painted our entire house with bm paints and love the quality . next time you 've got a home improvement chore , stop in . dunn will save you time and aggravation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dunn hardware is the bomb dot com . the customer service here is great , folks are very knowledgable and helpful . the owners -- abby and jamie are amazing human beings who do a lot for their community and care a ton about their customer 's experiences , including making it a fun place to be ( free popcorn , d'uh ) . one of my fav parts of the store is all the funky and unique drawer pulls door knobs . why yes , i am a hardware dork . support local business and buy at dunn !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , been going here since i was a kid . customer service is consistently excellent , and the people know what they 're talking about and are very helpful . have never been looking for something that they did n't carry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dunn for about 2 years now , whenever they moved to the richmond hts location . they are a friendly and knowledgeable bunch and i 've been helped any number of times there . from wheelbarrows to lamp and wiring hardware , i 've been able to find a lot of the stuff i 've needed . they 've even steered me to places that might have that hard to find item i 've needed . oh , yes , i am normally a 3 star giving sort of guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dunn hardware looks small from the outside , but it is just chock full of everything you need . this little store knocks home depot hands down in terms of service combined with a selection almost as good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an old fashioned hardware store with people that can and do help . love this place . we have followed them through their last three moves . unexpectedly they have a great selection of cabinet hardware .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my kind of hardware store . help is readily available and the employees know what they 're talking about . it 's small in size but still has just about everything you could ever need for home improvements . and if they do n't have it , they can order it for you . stopped by the other day to pick up a replacement fuse and i was in and out of the store in 3 minutes . try finding someone to help you in 3 minutes at any other home improvement store . let alone an employee without an attitude . this is hassle free shopping at its finest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kudos to dave in plumbing . he walked up to us , offered help , found the part we needed , shared his knowledge of how to install the part . he is a heck of an asset to dunn hardware ! a few extra minutes drive but well worth the trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this hardware store 0 stars i would . we had a storm window replaced . it started with when they told us they would call us in a week when it was ready . they never called . we picked up the window and brought it home . it sat in the garage overnight and then my husband tried to place it the window . the window cracked in his hands . mind no one bumped on anything and i had it wrapped in a moving blanket in the car . i took it back . the men there were nothing but rude and unhelpful . he gave me several reasons why it was my fault and not his problem ! ! 0 customer service ! one of the reasons he told me was bc we took it from 70 degrees to 30 , assuming we had the window indoors , except the window was in the garage the whole night ! he tried to put his poor poor quality of a product on us . we will never shop there again . shaker hardware store on chagrin is much much better !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took a long time , but i was able to find this place that takes the ace hardware gift card . the service here is really good . they were able to help me find everything i was looking for . i 'd give 5 stars but they do n't have the selection of the big box stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dunn hardware is really an ace hardware . but there is a very good customer service here , when an associate sees you wondering around like looking for something , , they are quick to approach you and ask you if they can help you find what you are looking for . prices are very accessible and i like their small hardware store feel . i would definitely come back here for all my hardware needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best place to buy paint ! they are very knowledgable and helpful . there 's always someone available to help and they really know their products . it 's in many ways an old fashioned hardware store . i wo n't go to the big box stores anymore because the scarce employees are useless and no one ever knows anything unless it 's their department . the employees at dunn are cross-trained very well on the whole store and they also have a great team of specialists . i like that the owners actually help customers and are available working on the floor not hiding in an office . it 's a friendly , neighborhood place with a great selection . if they do n't have something , they 'll order it for you quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always helpful especially to someone who is not a fixit guy . friendly , decent prices , good hours . what else could you want in a neighborhood hardware store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure how dunn manages to do this , but they have always made shopping for home improvement fun . maybe it 's the free popcorn , lively music and friendly ohio-pride atmosphere . as someone who wants to support local , this place is top of my list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor . when it comes to paint go a few doors down to sherwin williams . bought a gallon of some benjamin moore high gloss enamel latex at dunns . thin as water , total junk and it was $ 69 for the gallon . absolutely terrible . past few days had bought 2 gallons of sherwin williams super paint for $ 50 . much much thicker with far superior coverage", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dunn is a local gem . quite a big store with most of what you 'll need . my first time in i was asked if i needed help at every turn . you wo n't get this kind of service at the big box stores . the folks here actually know what they are talking about . a store like this is of great service to our community . shop local and be sure to serve it as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fun hardware store to wander into . for sure , there will be a grandfather-ly type person there who knows way more that you ever will about whatever project you are working on and they are always very happy to help you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife had been pulling her hair out trying to get her pfaff sewing machine correctly setup to finish a quilt she was working on . we 'd checked all over the internet , looked through the manuals -- all to no avail . i saw the previous reviews for sew little time and talked my wife into bringing her machine and quilt down there today and the lady at the counter could n't have been nicer or more helpful . she had my wife setup in about 5 minutes ( after we had spent days ourselves ) and was a real sweetheart of an individual ( rare these days in retail ) . we 'll be back after the quilt to have the sewing machine serviced -- -they 've got a customer for life ! ! highly recommended for an sewing machine quilting issues or supplies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little shop . the lady behind the counter helped me with my sewing machine . she was very helpful . i was excited to hear that they offer sewing classes as a 4 part series . i will definitely be coming back for the sewing classes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! they are reasonably priced & beyond helpful ! i 've called before heading over both times & have actually gotten friendly voices over the phone too ! their needle prices are much better than other ( private owned ) sewing shops in the area , and their machine service prices ca n't be beat ! this place is kind of tucked away , across the ( fort apache ) street from the walmart complex . from what i saw , this is a great place for quilters . i do n't personally quilt , so you may want to see for yourself . this place is an unusual gem . rare is a sewing shop friendly , convenient to get to , reasonably priced & well stocked . these are all facets this shop can boast , but does n't . so i had to for them . go see them . you will be happy you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is small , but they make up for it with quality products and great customer service ! after calling around to other quilt shops in the area ( who had rude phone manners ) and not having what i needed in stock or simply not carrying it , i called sew little time but no one answered . i did n't leave a message and was about to give up . then to my surprise , my call was returned ! not only was the lady on the phone super sweet , she had exactly what i needed in stock . went to the shop and bought it . : ) above and beyond customer service makes me happy ! loved my experience here and will definitely think of them first when making a sewing machine or large thread purchase . if you want to be treated well , stop in here . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sew little time is a great place to get you machine repaired.they specialize in pfaff , husqvarna , and viking but did a great job fixing my bernina as well.even though i did n't buy my machine there , they always take time to answer all my questions and show my how to use features on my pfaff i do n't quite understand .the last place i had my machine '' repaired `` was a joke.i will never take my sewing machines anywhere but so little time.thanks david and amelia : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome mom and pop location for crafts . the store clerk was very helpful in finding me material for a project . i was n't able to find vinyl but i ended buying chalk paper for my kids . i really appreciate the gentleman answering all my question . i 'm not a seamstress but he was more than helpful with my redecorating project of my bar stool chairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't sew a lot but when i do it is frustrating when the machine is out of whack . i tried to fix the tension for hours and after breaking three needles took it to sew little time . she fixed it in a matter of minutes and explained to me what was wrong . outstanding service and all with a smile . if i ever need any sewing needs this will be the only place i head . thank you so much for saving the day ! i 'd give you ten stars if i could .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "per my previous reviews of sew little time anyone can tell i am a fan . this time i asked amelia & david ( owners ) to professionally embroider my grandson 's initials on a stiff thick nylon duffle bag . i asked that the font and thread color match what was already on the bag -- it is perfect ! and it was done lickity-split in time for mailing for christmas . i have a home-style embroidery machine and was afraid my machine and i just were n't experienced for the nylon fabric . i am very glad i asked them to do it , and i will be back for professional embroidery -- and all the other goodies offered at their store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great store . i do n't get there often enough . customer service is great . they fixed my viking machine just before the warranty ran out . it runs better than ever . amelia is delightful . it 's a pleasure to visit the store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amelia and david are great representatives for phaff 's sewing machine . i have been using this store since 2008 . when cleaning or repairs are done they clarify what was needed . recently i purchased a performance 5.0 . i live in pahrump , nv which is an hour away . amelia has helped me by phone to educate me on my machine . not many can do that . it is appreciated that sew little time will help any time you need them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only pfaff dealer to go to in town that treats you with respect and is super knowledgeable . thank you for amazing quality service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here to get est.for pfaff sewing machine repair..each time she said something different by phone ... we did n't feel good about sending her machine to some guy that could n't even give a guarantee on what we suspected the problem to be . felt like they wanted to sell us one of her refurbished machines more than fixing this one that my mom loves . bottomline ... there 's hope ! ! ! we found a great repair place . it 's called brubakers..the repairman is glenn ... they are.honest reputable fair pricing . he saved moms machine and saved us money and no stress . truly nice people to deal with . so trustworthy . the postal center would n't take my fed ex acct and she paid for it out of her own pocket trusting me to pay her . i was blown away by that kind of service . so nice to find a place with caring honest experts in their field . machine being put to the test and so far it 's working great !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the rolling teacart brings the whole english tearoom experience to your home . any size party , the great hostess brings custom tea sandwiches and scones , with homemade , organic lemon curd and jelly and devon cream ! she calls to confirm all details and the whole menu is planned out in advance and she arrives to get everything ready before the guests arrive . also very knowledgable of all the dozens of teas on the literal rolling tea cart she has . so cute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a great find . great cheesesteak sandwich and wonderful fries.. and i love good fries . wife loves the turkey reuben ! cook staff is on top of it but some of the counter help has been unacceptable ... so bad that my wife pokes fun at me that the food must be my favorite to put up with the counter hassles . they have self order stations that are pretty cool but the stations do n't support adding lettuce to my cheesesteak . ; ( try this place.. you too will become a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten here twice now and will be back again . the fries are good and have a very tasty seasoning on them . sandwiches are cooked to order so they come out hot and fresh . i have had the cheese steak and italian sub and both were very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free stuff when you ask . some doctors are questionable , and very rarely do the phone-a-nurses give any good advice . if you do have to go , ( and you 're a female ) ask for dr. ambroz . she is n't featured on the mckinley website , but she is the best doctor there . she 's polite and funny and helpful and actually listens to patients , which is my major complaint about other docs at mckinley . stay healthy , for your own sake ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's fashionable for students to knock the free university health center . i do n't know , walk-in visits , nurse practitioners with years of experience , a free pharmacy , free health classes , free physician care , labs , blood pressure checks , gynecological care , condoms etc. , etc . sound like a good deal to me . maybe i 'm wrong . if the health clinic can not handle the medical need , they refer to specialists in the community , so i ca n't go with the slander that they mistreat students . plus the facility is clean and modern , and most can walk to it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always received good , prompt service here . the doctors are n't forced to see five patients an hour , so they are much less rushed and more willing to slow down and answer your questions . i have always found my caretakers ' intentions and plans for me easy to understand , and reasonable . the student health plan that comes with tuition ( which covers all appointments , and most of your medications ) was able to be extended over the summer for just a little over $ 100 . this is a big deal to someone who is n't relying on their parents for their health care costs . as a former patient of carle , i 'll always be tempted to compare my care at mckinley to theirs . in that respect , i feel much more comfortable and cared-for than i did at carle . the comparatively small number of patients allows them to be more considerate to each patient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here more than i would like for various issues . overall , i have had a decent experience , especially for the price paid in the student fees . the issue is that it is difficult to find a good doctor here . some of them insult you , others try to sell you things that you do n't need from an outside pharmacy , and then others just seem incompetent . if you try long enough , you might find someone you are happy with . the convenience and price make it worth the effort .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here on a number of occasions and was always super impressed with the speed and quality of care i recieved . free cold-packs and condoms . what more could you ask for ? ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the doctor 's office i used all throughout college . i was not very satisfied on many occasions and they actually mis-diagnosed my friend and gave her the wrong mediction . i guess that is what you get on a college campus !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh . service has always been just ok . nothing special , no one is outwardly rude . the salesman who sold me the car was a decent guy , the service department has given me 2 headaches . this last time my car was left unlocked with the key in the ignition after hours and after i picked it up they called to find out where it was . i 'm critical of customer service because my company revolves around it . if 2.5 stars was an option , i would choose that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we just bought a car on thursday . we were very well taken care of . everyone was helpful and knowledgable and went out of their way to accommodate us . would definitely recommend to friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a very easy buying process and their service departments are courteous and very helpful . i have only dealt with used cars services and not sure how the rest of the place operates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new cadillac and first service left a lot to be desired . if a company is going to offer services then honor them . very disappointed so far . expressed concerns and zero response .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to leave this location because they were not very helpful , i was going to make an extensive purchase , but obviously they do n't value business from women , as a few men came in and they were quickly attended , this is n't the first time this has happened to me here . =", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had someone checkout our check engine light reason , someome on top of it as soon as we walked in , got our form with explanation in and out in less than 10 minutes ! very well staffed and very knowledgable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is your average head shop . it 's located in my adopted hood of kamm 's korners on bustling ( ha ) lorain ave . this particular block boasts a library branch , scads of irish bars , a 24 hour coffeehouse , dunkin , and more bars . fairview hospital is down the street in case you had too much irish beer , scalded yourself with coffee , swallowed bong water , fell down the library stairs and choked on a donut . this area is a bio-dome of bacchanalian delights . if only people under 40 would hang out there . what was i saying ? oh yeah , they have tie dyed shirts , crappy cds and incense . the detroit rd location in lakewood has a mediocre vinyl location . the employees at both stores are very laid back . very laid back . ya , bruh ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have n't been here in years , was pleased to find it still there since it 's not so easy to find a head shop in cleveland these days . decent assortment of wares , found what i wanted immediately and at a reasonable price . the guy that helped me was great , threw in some matches and screens .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man what a great shop ! ! the guys in there were very welcoming and informative on all their products ! they were very fair with all the prices and had no problem letting us shop around and answering any questions we had ! stop in if you are in the area , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never written a bad review , but this place is really hard to like . first , i must say that the ladies at the front desk are nice . but every time i come here , i have to wait at least 2 hours to see a doctor . it does n't matter if i have an appointment or not . the average is 2 hours . i had my yearly wellness check here and had to make a second appointment to get my results . i waited 2 hours to see the doctor for 5 minutes . it would have been less if i did n't ask questions . when i asked the doctor why the wait is always so long , his answer surprised me . he said , welcome to vegas ! too many patients , not enough doctors . i simple apology would have been nice . i do understand that it gets busy . but it seems that this place schedules too many appointments for one doctor to keep a timely schedule . just my opinion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only if i could say something good about this place . but unfortunately i can not , my mother-in-law comes to this doctor office . she makes a appointment everytime . and every time she comes here walk-ins are seen before her . today february 15 2016 she had a appointment at 11:00 am and it is now 12:23 pm she still has not been seen and many of these walk-ins have been called to be seen . this is absolutely ridiculous . if you have a appointment at 11:00 am and you show up 20 min early you should be seen at 11:00 am not hours past your given appointment ! ! ! if i could i 'd give this place -5 stars that 's how awful it is here . i would not recommend this place to my enemies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just left about 4 hours ago . the doctor did not exam me in a way that i most doctors would . i got vitals taken by a nurse who were really awesome . and then i got to see the doctor who played 21 questions did not touch me . he asked a lot of questions for 5 min . i paid $ 85 since it was my first visit . he did not explain how to use my prescription . so i called their office and asked how . the doctor we not willing to speak on the phone w me . i explained to her that he did n't do a thorough examination would i have to pay a fee again ... . and without a doubt ... .they want me to pay for another exam . i do n't recommend this place to anyone . for the sake of your health and finances please avoid", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i could give it negative stars unbelievably slow , dropped off my mother at 11:30 am , they accepted her in and they took about 50 minutes to come back in the room and see her , then she was waiting on her prescription form , they told her 5 minutes , 40 minutes later were still waiting so i go ask at the front and the girl gave me this nasty attitude like i bothered her . horrible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "made an appt for 230 , came here at 215 to be safe ... .right now it 's 430 and i have yet to see a doctor . what is the point of an appointment if it does n't do anything ? the rooms smell and the service here is horrible , only come here if it 's walking distance and you do n't drive ... .and even then i 'd take a bus elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for eyebrow threading and was pleased with the service and location . i bought the threading on groupon for $ 4 which is definitely the best deal for threading around . they got me in with little wait and the lady was pleasant . my only complaint was that the lighting in there is a bit dark which explains why some hairs got missed by both the lady , and by me when she handed me the mirror . i noticed it when i got home in the bathroom lights that i had some additional hairs to tweeze . i will still go back i would just recommend being extra careful to look for missed areas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been able to find anywhere to get my eyebrows threaded in scottsdale and stumbled upon the henna shoppe and areli who threaded my whole face and did an awesome job . i appreciated her taking time and making sure i was comfortable . my eyebrows were a mess and she made them look fab . i 'll be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my henna done here yesterday . the staff is really nice and were very welcoming . mrs. neelam did my henna and did a fabulous job free handing . however , i was washing my hands today after about 24 hours and residue started to come off . it stained quite well , but i was wondering what 's going on , and if that is ok or if something 's wrong . i do n't want the henna to fade quickly , especially since my design was so elaborate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . really friendly people . the henna artists ( selena ) is amazing , really good prices too ! i 'll be coming here all the time i can tell lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my eyebrows threaded since i got a groupon and the lady who did them was so nice ! if you go there ask for areli ! she made my eyebrows amazing , and it was my first time getting threaded and she made me feel calm ! my eyebrows have never looked this good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my eyebrows done today by champa . best experience ever . i usually go to the henna shop in tempe it just so happened i was at the mall and needed my eyebrows taken care of . and boy did she take care of me ! not only did she clean everything up , she made my eyebrows even and spectacular ! she paid special attention to the shape and did more than one check before she was done . i 'm so happy with the henna shop and i would highly recommend them to anyone : ) the $ 5 special did n't hurt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love my henna for coachella i have already got so many compliments ... i highly recommend jess she is amazing ! she gave me the exact design i wanted and was very friendly and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 out of 5 . not from here and really wanted a henna . this shop was great because it played great music , had really great artists and just over all a great experience . i would recommend having a picture for reference because they are such talented artists that it just looks stunning and for a really nice price . i love it and would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess the henna artist did a phenomenal job . the atmosphere in the shop is welcoming and has great energy . and very cute clothes and jewelry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place for threading ! it 's so hard to find someone truly gentle but thorough and champa is the real deal . i will be returning to her again and again . thanks , ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get your eyebrows threaded if you are in the area ! ! ! the only downside is they have only 1 girl working therefore she is overwhelmed and rarely gets a break , therefore going at a non busy them would be best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an absolutely amazing experience at the henna shoppe location at fashion square . jess was the artist who did my henna , and she not only did a fantastic job but was also very friendly and personable . was well worth the money . this location can get rather busy on the weekends ... would recommend making an appointment . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to get something cool for my daughter , she chose s. intricate dream catcher - # pru did an amazing job ! ! it 's beautiful & so cool , she loves it ! ! i even got a small one ! and i love it . fun , quick , reasonable and pru is so talented ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a henna tattoo on my pregnant belly right before the end of my pregnancy . pru did such an amazing job , not only with the art of the tattoo , but also with the entire experience . she made it very relaxing for me and took her time making sure i was comfortable . i was going to sedona that weekend for a wedding and thought it would be cool to have some henna art . they were playing relaxing music while she took her time drawing and making sure i was happy with what she was tattoo'ing throughout the entire process . i would highly recommend the henna shoppe if you are getting a henna tattoo ! they also seemed very busy with threading during my time there and the price was reasonable too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this henna shoppe has an excellent variety of intricate designs to choose from . roxy , our henna designer , kept us laughing and she was very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me tell you about tiffany & the henna i got done ... . this girl was ahmazing . totally engaging and making sure you are getting what you want and super pleasant conversationalist . and the henna ? the henna ! ! ! ! i got a whole arm piece done - with a picture reference off of pinterest and my oh my did tiffany not disappoint . she definitely exceeded my expectations . i loved it so much , i 'm even considering getting a whole arm piece tattooed on . thank you thank you ! now i 'm set for my miami vacation ! ! definitely going to tag y'all in my instagram pictures ! book tiffany people ! ! ( : you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely store with cute clothes accessories , henna for hair dying , mehndi ( henna tattoos ) , and threading . all the girls here are so sweet and knowledgable . while getting my eyebrows done by champa , i heard an associate explaining how to dye your hair with henna and how to upkeep it . my threading experience was by far the best i 've had . champa was gentle yet diligent . my eyes always water when getting my brows done , but because of how careful she was i did n't even notice how much hair she was taking off until i saw the end result . they are a masterpiece ! ! ! my brows match each other perfectly and complement my face shape . she is quite an artist and you can tell with how well she executes her work ! ask for her and be sure to get your stamp card stamped . after 5 or 6 you get free threading or henna service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting henna done and it was a great experience . all the ink they use is natural and does n't hurt your skin and the designs are beautiful . lia did mine and my friend 's and she was very sweet the whole time . she did the designs freehand and was actually very quick ! the designs came out beautiful and precise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to the henna shoppe in tempe over the last couple years and the new shop in fashion square is awesome . thelma threaded them and she was such a delight ! ! she took her time on them and was just so friendly . i will definitely be going to her on a regular basis now , it 's hard to find someone that cares just as much as you about your eyebrows", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the environment and ladies working there were super cool and friendly . i just feel like we spent the extra money for the jagua because we liked the `` darker '' look . after waiting the 12-48 hours for the colors to show , it came out looking like i used a sharpie on myself . would not come back for the jagua .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "haidi did my eyebrows last time i went to this place . she is amazing great work and great customer service , friendly looking forward to making an appointment with her next time i go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so pleased with my threading . my last experience at another salon was painful and left me wondering if i 'll find a good place here , and thankfully i did . fast service , minimal pain and they look great . i signed up for their points program and will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time getting a henna . hanna was wonderful and made our henna 's just the way we wanted them . great shop for clothes and accessories also . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , the vibes walking into the henna shoppe were very soothing and relaxing . i went in to get my eyebrows threaded and left out a satisfied customer . there was no wait time . the staff was friendly . on top of the good quality service , being that i 'm a mall employee , i received a 20 % discount . who does n't love a discount ? ? ? i will be a frequent customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for henna work . roxy did an awesome job on my custom owl . its rather larger so the price was 35 but they have henna starting at 10 bucks and it increases in increments of 5 dollars . very friendly staff . will be back to get more done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess was freaking amazing . very knowledgeable , helpful , and friendly . i am head over heels for this henna shop and i will be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obsessed with this place been wanting to try henna for months . me and my mom came in and jess was super friendly and enthusiastic ! she helped us pick out the perfect design and even customized it with glitter ! ! it turned out so beautiful and i ca n't wait to do it again in a few weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not thrilled with my result but the owner was very nice and generous in her response to me to resolve", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a wonderful time at the henna shoppe ! here 's my `` simple '' but yet `` complex '' design from lia ! she truly did an amazing job ! she is really gifted and knowledgeable . if you 've wanted to try henna but you were afraid , i would recommend you go here first . she can design pretty much anything you recommend . or , look through her book ( in person ) and online ( ipad is there with designs ready to go-that 's what i did ) . thanks lia ! you 're amazing with a great , steady hand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great eyebrow threading ! $ 10 plus the punch card is fun . i love all the little trinkets . they 've also gotten more clothes which are super cute and decently priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved visiting here . sally was a sweetheart . we will frequent here often . thanks so much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was my first time getting a henna tattoo , the staff was wonderful and very friendly . they kept small talk while having my henna done . she did my design exactly how i wanted it . the whole experience was amazing . i loved it . i would definitely come here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice people and such a cute place ! i got a henna on my finger and it lasted about 8 days ! it was so cute ! the employees were talkative and good at keeping a conversation so it was n't awkward . overall it was a great place and i recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this business ! ! had two 10 year olds that wanted henna tattoos and pru was so patient and kind to them . she chatted it up and made them feel welcome . the tattoos were perfect ! pru is so incredibly skilled ! ! thank you pu ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son has been asking for a henna for months now . we set a grade goal and he achieved it so we visited the henna shoppe as his reward . tiffany was his artist . not only is she delightful , but she is a talented artist . after seeing my son 's henna , i decided to get one too ! highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah , lia was the most helpful employee out of the two that were there . she made the whole crew feel comfortable and even suggested some thug words for the more masculine types of customers . i 'll definitely come back just for lia and get those real expensive hennas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fun place ! stopped in on a saturday and they were busy but the wait time was n't long . the ladies are all very friendly and the henna girls are very talented in their craft . i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess is amazing ! ! ! once again i got another amazing piece to from here . i let jess do what ever design she wanted on my back and i walked out with the most beautiful back piece ! i love coming here , it 's the only henna shop for this girl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here every 2-3 weeks for eyebrow threading . they always do a fantastic job and even corrected a botched threading from a place i went to on vacation . it 's a great atmosphere and an excellent place for knick knacks ! will have to try the henna soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update - came back 6 days later to get another henna . hanna did an amazing job and also touched up my first one for me . she was so nice and fun to talk with while she worked . she had such a great attitude and even happily agreed to do henna on 3 young girls who walked in just before closing time so nice to find such great customer service with a smile ! i love the henna shoppe and will return whenever i 'm in phoenix . got my henna from tiffany . she did a great job ! i liked how it looked last night , with the henna still on and the glitter she decorated it with . the next day , after brushing all the henna off , the design is a bit too light on the top part for my taste , but it still looks beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grandeur palace 's grand opening special is quite a good deal . i might have give them a lower rating but what they offers is just value for money ! palace crystal chicken ( 1 2 for $ 8.30 ) really exceed my expectation . even the white meat was so tender ! i like how they served heated . but if i have to pay over $ 16 for that ? i am just not sure . sweet and sour pork ( $ 12.98 ) with fresh fruit has lychee in it ! i love lychee . however i found the batter was not crispy enough for my liking . steamed scallop with luffa and garlic sauce ( $ 14.95 ) was a disappointment ! presentation was lacking and looked nothing close to the photos in the menu ! ! service was ok . some of the wait staff is really helpful and nice but most of them really not trained for `` higher '' end restaurants at this price point . maybe i will be back ? i will see !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place just opened about a week ago , clearly it is n't ready . kitchen is very unorganized , half of our dim sum came out cold , and couple dishes were missing after almost an hour , a lot of other tables were missing part of their order , wait staff are indifferent and inexperienced . better off going somewhere else . came back to try their dinner , it is just as bad , clearly they have n't got their act together , stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've returned a few more times to grandeur palace to have dim sum and dinner . like another yelper has mentioned , their tables are put too close together . i am starting to wonder if this is a fire hazard . when we were eating dinner there , it was really difficult to walk from our table to get to the washroom or anywhere in general because the tables and chairs were just pushed together too closely . the walk space that they have designated as a `` hallway '' was -- at the time of my recent visit -- littered with service carts , bins for dirty plates , and bags of garbage . this made it really difficult to walk through especially when you have another staff member pushing a cart through or walking in the other direction . someone needs to look into this and alert the appropriate people in charge if this is really a fire hazard ... there 's no way of getting through this restaurant quickly enough if there was really an emergency inside . also , they have very few vegetarian options on their dim sum menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday around 1pm for dim sum . there was not a line . got a seat in 5 minutes but the place was still busy . this restaurant got a new name and renovation . i think it is for the better . the environment is nice and with a venetian decor . the tables are spacious and have plenty of room to walk around . now to the food review ! the dim sum ai n't bad . there are some good value items on the dim sum sheet . for example , the duck lai fan noodles was $ 7.90 and can feed a minimum of 4 people . the small dim sums start at $ 2.90 and range from spare ribs , beef balls to bbq pork buns . i definitely recommend this place to eat dim sum ! early bird is before 11pm so make sure to get there early for some cheap eats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for dim sum . food was okay . it was early but also it was a holiday so had to pay regular price which could increase your bill double from what you expected . they take credit cards so when it came time to pay the bill i used a prepaid mastercard gift card . waitress is like what is this , i said prepaid mastercard . she 's like oh we do n't take those . i 'm like yes ... you do take them . she 's like no we do n't take those . i 'm like if you take mastercard then you take their prepaid cards , let me show you . took the machine and operated it myself . payment went through fine . if people do n't know its okay to say you do n't know , do n't just make up some bs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this replaces the dragon dynasty and opened almost 1 year after the former one closed.service is poor , despite the restaurant being not too busy on a saturday lunch time.staff not trained well despite the long period of renovation . food also so so , barely old chinatown standard , and certainly not well prepared . jasmine tea tastes low quality tea leaves . all our teapots drips , and they are supposedly brand new !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here with my family to try this new restaurant out . they have some decent specials and we ordered a variety of dishes . nothing really outstanding , it 's on par with other chinese restaurants in the area . however , the service was ridiculously slow and the waiters seemed impatient when we waved them down for service . the waiters kept forgetting our orders and we had to wave different servers down . the waiters seemed like they were having a rough day . the restaurant is understaffed and i hope they can improve on this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good chinese food served banquet style.. lots of traditional dishes such as assorted birds dish and sweet and sour pork and fried lobster , but some ... interesting plates as well.. such as sweet beef with fries as well as garlic fried beef cubes surround with broccoli on top of ... potatoes ? definitely the first time i 've tried that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is horrible ! servers look at you if you have 4 heads , its like why are you bother me ? food is no hell , we waited over 20 minutes to get our bowls of rice after our dishes were served . very slow , disorganized . not much seafood on the seafood dishes . prices are just ok , much better chinese restaurants in the same area of scarborough . i have n't tried the dim sum , i hear it was expensive after the early bird special before 11 am . if you want shitty service and cold food , this is the place to go too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here on a saturday morning and boy was it busy . i came here before when it first opened and it was a def 2 5 for me , so i didnt even bother to make a review for this place . however my experience this time was definitely more positive . the staff was more organize and the dishes were alot cleaner . the dimsum came out hot and fresh unlike my previous experiences . but to prevent lining up for seats you have to come before 9:00 am to line up for seats on weekends . you can get by coming at 9:00 am with seats avilable on weekdays , but do n't risk it on weekends . the staff was polite and early morning dim sum is only $ 2.90 . there are alot of variety as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is average -- nothing too special about their menu . service is below par -- we only got tea at our table when we placed our order and they messed up our order . environment is strange -- chairs had a yellow stretchy polyester covering on it , and it was dirty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fried oysters smelled bad weirdly fishy as soon as they arrived at the table . took a bite of one and immediately spit it out - am pretty sure there was something not quite right about it . the fried taro serving as the seafood `` birds nest '' was so thickly cut that it could barely be broken apart , let alone be edible . peking duck strangely did n't have much flavour . everything else was meh ... which is exactly how i feel about this restaurant !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just thought we 'd try this place out but it was nothing special . it was so mediocre that i do n't have anything terrible or good to say except this place is over priced for the quality of their food just because the decor is on the higher end of the scale . service is also mediocre but have to admit their uniforms are a lot better then most restaurants i 've been to . and that 's when you know there 's honestly nothing special if the only compliment i have is about their uniforms ... lol . am i writing a troll review ? i really do n't know ! if you feel like spending more money then you like on mediocre food , try it out for yourself !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is not good here , i 've had both dim sum and dinner before . it 's overpriced for such poor quality . service is also garbage . i also hurt my tooth biting into bones three different times while eating the peking duck lettuce wrap ( not supposed to have bones ) and on top of that the lettuce itself cost $ 5 . i 've never heard of an extra charge for the lettuce . both times were a waste of money and i am never coming back or recommending this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a good review of this place from a foodie friend , we decided to give it a try on a quiet monday night dinner . did n't need reservations since the place was barely 1 5 full when we arrived at 6pm . service was very friendly from all staff and almost perfect from start to finish , except for the lack of a plate change after we had our crab dish . we ordered the assorted meats with veggie soup , sweet n sour pork , chicken tofu with salted fish , lotus root and fried shrimp cake sandwich , a veggie dish , and the crab on fried rice . everything was just a bit lacking in flavour and wok hay . final bill was over $ 107 ( tax included ) , not exactly a bargain meal either . while servings were generous in the portion size , the prices do reflect it somewhat . overall just a lacklustre dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here on a weekday morning with family for some dim sum . i really enjoyed it , the food was fairly good quality , came out fast , and was hot ! we had a table but noticed around 10am that the door was packed with people waiting for a spot . grandeur palace has a fairly decent selection of dim sum . they do n't supplement the dim sum sheet with carts though , like some places do . they have your typical fixings and every single dish we ordered was tasty . they had a bolo char siu bao when i was there and it was quite tasty . really enjoyed that . i would gladly make the trek here from markham for dim sum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a major disappointment , if i could give a half star i would . they changed the chef recently and the taste went downhill since june . we paid for food for the price and quality of an expensive fine dining place and received the quality of food worse than a food court . the food was bitter due to being over cooked and the poor kids would n't even touch the food because it was that bad . the dessert was even worse , they did n't have enough and added water to it , it was absolutely disgusting ! worse experience ever , not worth the time or money . never coming back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my review is based on dinner , vs. all the dim sum reviews i see here . i came here without a reservation on a saturday night and it was quite packed . however , since we were the earlier dinner crowd , we were able to get a seat quickly . i liked the decor when i walked in , and the staff seemed to be hustling and busy . we ordered a la carte vs. a set menu , which consisted of lobster with ginger and onion , half a chicken , birds nest with seafood , snow pea leaves with garlic , steamed oysters and peking duck . i would say the food was okay , and service was average as well . nothing special . but i do feel that i have had better . we had the lettuce wraps with the remainder of our duck but i felt like they scammed us out of a lot more meat on the duck . the food was decent and service was efficient but i 'm not sure i 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "north phoenix has long needed a really good thai restaurant , and thank goodness this one came along to fill that niche . i love it when you have flavors which are bold but still allow you to identify the individual flavor notes , such as those of thai basil and lemongrass , and this is exactly the complexity of the flavors of the dishes i 've had here . the location is convenient ( greenway just east of 35th av , near i-17 ) , parking is never a problem , the restaurant is very clean and has a casual atmosphere , service is very friendly , and prices are about the same as you would find in most thai restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 stars overall , 5 stars for the area great food at a good price . i 've had stir fries ( phad kaprow , phad prik sod ) , green curry , and pad thai . my husband likes the pineapple fried rice . all have been good and satisfying . this is my go-to place in the glendale , az area . spicy noodles = drunken noodles", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so wonderful i could cry . i have not found a great place for thai on the west side that 's close to home and this place is fantastic ! tell your friends and your family because this place is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eat here ! this place has friendly service and is delicious . came with my husband , ordered sampler appetizer and two entrees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent thai food . service is super fast . i ordered the red curry from lunch specials menu and it was sooo good ! ! i would definitely recommend this place with a five star rating : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time here , i had 2 diners with me for lunch so our time was short . the place is clean and the waitress was friendly and helpful . i was starving so chicken satay was first up , the pieces were big but could have been more tender . they tasted great though and the traditional cucumber and peanut sauces were also excellent . i had chicken yellow curry off the lunch menu . the curry was served in a side bowl but was rich so more was not needed . for $ 6.95 your lunch has soup , egg roll and wonton chips plus a big ball of rice and the side bowl of curry full to the brim . chicken red curry was also ordered same specials same great quality . the veggies in the red were crisp and delightful . as far as heat level goes , medium had some zing and hot made me sweat a little . in other words exactly as it should be . i will be going back for dinner some time so i can try some of the other curries of course ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place smells delicious , staff are very friendly and the food is amazing so far the best thai place i 've been in phoenix so far . i do n't know which is my favorite but i will definitely be back to try the pad thai !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want authentic thai cuisine then please go here . i always eat the tom yum soup with chicken and rice on the side . spice # 2 is perfect , and i like spicy food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a hidden gem ! their pineapple curry is one of the best i 've had and when i 've brought people in are afraid to try thai - their orange chicken is fantastic but they always taste what i get and want to comeback . their service is always fast and friendly and the decour is surprisingly nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as seen by the photo i posted and you can see by the floor and seating it was taken here ... as i was waiting for my lunch a juicy delicious roach ran around my foot at the table . needless to say , i am not coming back by this place ... i am from out of town anyway , was on a business trip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is an amazing place . a friend and i were craving thai food before we headed to the movies . i logged on to yelp and was impressed by the reviews . i had the green curry and he had the pad thai . both were phenomenal ! it was n't very busy but i wonder if part of it is location and new-ness . i hope this place really starts picking up lots of business as they certainly deserve it the food was perfect on spiciness if you like spicy . very authentic . portions are quite large amazing find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after eating thai meals around the world , including at some of the finest thai restaurants in the us , krachai is by far the very best we 've had in arizona . other supposed thai restaurants in phoenix pale in comparison . krachai , a small family-owned , family-operated restaurant , serves fresh ingredients in a friendly , hospitable environment . service is efficient . cuisine is authentic thai `` home cooking . '' highly recommend the spring rolls , chicken satay , basil fish , and duck ka prow . love that they do n't charge for refills of thai ice tea . visit krachai and you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is legit ! i must say it 's the best thai food i 've had in a long time . we got the chicken larb . spicy noodles and pad thai . omg the thai spicy is literally spicy ! i 'm so happy about that ! definitely coming back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just another mediocre thai restaurant in the valley . we ordered the spicy noodles and tom yum soup . the soup was a little bland , which it surprising considering how many ingredients go in it ! the mushrooms were added into the soup whole and were practically raw which made them pretty unappetizing to eat . the spicy noodles was basically like a spicy pad see ew . they were alright but were laid out on a plate of iceberg lettuce . it was probably meant as a garnish but who wants to eat wilted warm lettuce with their noodles ? ordered a thai tea and it tasted like it was either watered down or bottled . overall we left full but unimpressed . our search for good thai food in the valley continues !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was ok. not terrible . not great . but that 's just my opinion . the group in the large table next to me were repeat customers and they loved it all . the restaurant interior is very pleasant and tasteful and clean . the servers were nice but i had to return my drink because it was diet not regular . i also heard the older woman yelling at one of the girls for throwing something out ... that bothered me ... if the girl thought it was supposed to be thrown out , it probably should have been . i had the shrimp pad tai and the shrimp was overcooked and the pad tai while ok did n't have vegetables as i was used to . again ... it 's all my preferences . try it for yourself because i always want local businesses to succeed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love this spot ! always a hit , never a miss . i 've only ever gotten food to-go , but the dining room is cute and cozy . the service is phenomenal and the food is delicious . this time we ordered tom yum and tom kai soups , both were awesome . we could n't pick a favorite . the broths were complex , rich , and so comforting . plus , the value is great . if you 're looking for great , straightforward , no frills thai food , look no further .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing thai place ! the staff was friendly both on the phone and in person . service was quick ! the cleanliness of the restaurant was supberb . my dad , husband , and i each had different curries and they were all perfectly savory . portions are decently sized . we 've tried several different thai restaurants in the area . this is by far our favorite and the others ca n't even compete . we really hope krachai is able to gain a good clientele .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great good and fast service . fantastic lunch deals at $ 7.99 includes soup and egg roll ! definitely coming next time i 'm in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great thai ! have n't had a bad meal here yet . best thai food in phoenix . everything is so fresh and the flavors explode in your mouth . i would highly recommend this local restaurant . pad thai , phad kaprow , coconut curry are all top shelf . plus great lunch specials", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . spicy noodles are good , red curry , fried rice ( basil and regular ) s & s chicken , and lastly , pad thai -- although a bit sweet the first time , it was very good the next . lunch specials are a good value as well ... as you can tell , i have been there enough times to be considered a fan . i hope you enjoy as much as i do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best red curry i 've had in a long time ! ! seriously i am salivating just thinking of it . and if you ask for it extra spicy , oh boy will they make it hot ! i love going in for their lunch special . for $ 7.50 you get soup , 2 wontons , an egg roll , and an entree with rice . good prices , good service , and excellent red curry . their orange chicken is also very good , but i can never bring myself to order anything besides the red curry because it is so freakin ' good . my one complaint is they serve sweet and sour as the dipping sauce for the egg rolls when i prefer the sweet chili sauce many thai places serve instead .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the pad see ew , and it was unbelievably bland ! no flavor or spice , and almost no sauce . they used regular broccoli instead of chinese broccoli and giant carrot chips . very small portion for the price as well . i ca n't believe something so flavorless can be called thai .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food ! best thai food i have found on the west side . my wife and i picked up food for us and friends that just had a baby . we got a bunch of appetizers and main courses to try , all were great . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was a take out kinda day and thai is good comfort food what can i say . a friend recommended this place and it 's not far from work so stopped there on my way home today for dinner . i had the stir fried eggplant with chicken which i saw on another review and boy was it delish ! the chicken and eggplant really complimented each other and the sauce was tasty . i also got some chicken panang and although it was a bit watery in my opinion , it was quite flavorful , i just added extra rice to soak up some of the sauce . the larb was probably some of the best larb i have tasted . they did n't ask , and i forgot to mention , the spice level so everything came sans heat . next time , and there will def be a next time , i will make sure to inquire about a spice level , maybe start with a 3 to be safe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is great ... first time coming here . very impressed with the pot stickers.. we even ordered a second plate . my friend ordered the curry and i ordered the spicy noodles . we both got a spice level of four and let me tell ya.. this place makes their food spicy . so order accordingly . the food was fresh and came out quick . the spicy noodles could of used maybe a little more veggies.. the only reason we took off a star is because the service was crappy . and the tables were dirty ( we had to move to three tables before we found a semi-decent clean one ) . the hostess was on her snapchat when she was ringing us up and having us pay . the cook seemed annoyed that we wanted a second order of pot stickers . otherwise , it would of been a 5 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i came here on a tuesday for lunch . the woman greeted us and sat us , and took our order promptly . i ordered one of the lunch specials which was the red curry . it came with a clear broth soup , and an egg roll . we also ordered the wontons to start . okay , so the food was delicious ! the curry was served hot & not too spicy . it was so filling and tasty . the service was fantastic ! the woman who was our server was so sweet and attentive . the restaurant itself is on the smaller side , but cozy & beautifully decorated and most importantly , clean ! ! it was n't too busy which i did n't understand why ! must be the location . if you get a chance though , check this place out ! awesome awesome place . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . actually best panang curry i 've ever had , beats la thai restos i 've been to . but i just have them 2stars because of service . the guy is actually friendly but it 's just one guy that 's working on the floor , doing cash register and serving 2tables , and there 's a lot of pickup food as well too . i 've been waiting for 20mins just for my check and also a to go box . they need to get more servers seriously . they really have good food . it 's just the lack of workers that they need to work on and btw they suck about tips because they pre-tip 20 % on your bill even though they have sucky service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the pork pad thai was very good . there were 8 in our party . service was prompt , the food was excellent . our family will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on my experiences here i can not recommend this restaurant . extremely poor service by a male waiter that definitely did not want to be there . on our first visit we advised him we had never been there and needed some help with the menu items . he did n't help much at all . we ended up ordering the lunch specials , soup bland , no flavor . eggroll extremely greasy to the point of being not edible . red curry extremely watery , yellow curry very good . we had to ask for the check . we went later in the afternoon and they were not busy so this was not the problem . the yellow curry did have some flavor . this is the reason for the two stars . the restaurant is dirty . the pepper shaker had caked on gunk .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best thai food i 've ever had . we ordered the chicken pad thai , the pri khing , and the crab noodles . everything was delicious and very flavorful . if you like spicy , order a two and you can always make it more spicy ... when they say their 3 is spicy , they mean it ! the chicken satay was excellent as well . the family that owns krachai has a lot of pride in their food and takes their time preparing carefully . they were so kind , and that made the experience even better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! i ordered the red chicken curry lunch special ( hot ) and boy was it spicy ! i rarely am even phased by a thai restaurant 's `` hot '' curry but this takes the cake ! there was so much delicious chicken in the curry too ! and loads of veggies ! the lunch special is a great value since it comes with wontons , an egg roll and soup ! the food was waiting for me when i got in and the takeout hostess was super friendly . i ca n't wait to try their whole menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful little gem we found in north phoenix . my husband and i ordered the pad thai and pineapple fried rice . both dishes were delicious ! i especially enjoyed the fried rice because of plentiful amount of cashews it came with . their menu seems to pretty big as well . we 'll definitely be adding this to our list of go-to places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually love this place..i have ordered pad thai from here many times and it is usually amazing . i normally get it with vegetables and no egg . however , today i ordered the pad thai no egg with just tofu . that is literally how i ordered it , i said with just tofu . when i got to the restaurant , i noticed the slip just said pad thai and normally it will say right under that no egg . was going to let that slide but then when i brought it home and took a bite i got a nice mouthful of chicken . i do n't eat meat so pretty upsetting ... will be a while before i order from here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mothers friend was the previous owner of this restaurant , now it 's under new management and has a new owner . in my opinion it was better than it is now but it 's still a good restaurant . i absolutely love thai food . the appitizers are still delicious . especially the shrimp blankets and crab rangoon . i recommend the beef noodle soup and it really good when i ordered it . i also had the fried rice and sweet and sour chicken , which was also very good . i would recommend this place to a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i have had a hard time finding a thai place that we love on the west side . we stumbled upon krachai thai and are so glad that we did . the staff is very friendly , it is clean and comfortable feeling inside , nicely decorated . the food is fabulous ! we have had the green curry , yellow curry , pineapple fried rice , pad thai , and the fresh spring rolls . everything has been delicious and rivals some of our very favorite thai places that we have ever been to . it is extremely well priced and they offer large portions that can easily feed 3 people per order . we will certainly be regulars at this place . excellent..well worth the five stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far and away my favorite thai restaurant . i have been coming here with my friends for over a year . it started as a place we went to every couple of weeks , but now we frequent here once or twice a week . everything i have tried is delicious . the family that runs the place always greets us with a smile and quick to get us our drinks . do yourself a favor and visit here . you will be glad you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous food , fabulous service ! pretty restaurant and wonderful family-owned business . we were staying at the nearby embassy suites and decided to give it a try . highly recommend green papaya salad , mussamun chicken curry and spicy noodles . my three teens loved it , as did my husband and i . reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really , really good food . red curry spicy level 4 if you crave heat . only with they would partner with uber eats . small family owned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved this family owned restaurant . the owners are thai so there is a bit of a language gap , but they are so friendly . my husband ordered the pepper steak and i got pad thai , both were absolutely delicious . great sized portions , obviously homemade , and clean authentic flavors . the restaurant is immaculate , service was quick and friendly , and the food was absolutely delicious . we will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place by accident but it was the very best thai food that i 've ever had . the red curry with chicken was phenomenal ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredibly tasty thai food . 1st time i ordered the shrimp pad thai to go for dinner . the noodles were still hot by the time i was able to eat it . 10 mins . the shrimp were huge & perfectly cooked . i had 2 more meals from the one container . i could n't help myself & had ordered the crab rangoon . so good , i ordered just that a week later after bringing in friends for their to go orders . today i ordered the spicy fried rice with chicken . wonderfully delicious & aromatic ! enjoyed every single bite . reluctantly shared some of it . i can not wait to order again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of thai food so i had to try this place out . after walking in i totally felt welcomed as was quickly greeted by the friendly staff , my fianc\u00e9 ordered the tom yum soup and it was delicious , i had the fried rice with chives and crab meat and ca n't complain either , the food was great , the service was excellent . also , their thai tea is really good . i will definitely be back in the near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really good ! it 's definitely better than a lot of the thai restaurants i 've been to lately . what they lost the 2 stars on is customer service and being cheap . by cheap , i do n't mean prices . they gave us each a tiny bowl of rice ... and charged us for more . i 've never had any other places charge for more rice . now onto service ; we were the only ones in there and after we ran out of rice , we waited about a solid 20 minutes for anyone to ask if everything was ok and if we needed anything else . other than that , the food is delish !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am thai food lover.i had lived in bangkok for several years . i had so manythai food there.today i was in the area . saw a sign from street said thai food . hell yeah got to check this place out went in there . ordered beef pad thai .i had it thai hot level . that 's what i like .1st time there not sure how it was goin to be . took a chance . man turn out this place really know how to cook real pad thai .service was really friendly.i would definitely go back there again if i am in that area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good . staff is fine as well . i have been here a couple of times . fish is lovely . three stars because they billed me wrong . i did not realize it until i saw the credit card statement . and that might be too late to ask for any refund or anything .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have dined here quite a few times . and i love this place , their food is great and consistent . i recommend this to all my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food forgot they had the coconut soup . need to go back and try it . service was very good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent thai food at a great price . the food felt more authentic than your usual thai place - medium spicy is spicy : ) so watch out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pad thai and tempura veggies . the spicy items could be spicier but all in all good food especially for the area . update ... food is now spicy ! delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pad thai is really good . they use real lime not the fake juice . the tom yum is also great with the fire at table to create a great meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little restaurant . friendly service , clean and some great thai food . i 'm happy this place is close to my house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only had soup , the tom kha gha . the floor was good but felt it lacked a bit of the complexity i have had with other thai places . i still very much enjoyed it and would return again to try other options on the menu . it was very clean and the staff was attentive and prompt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times , both dine in and take out . my wife and i love thai food and have eaten at many restaurants in asia and the us . for taste and value this is top pick for phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pa nang duck curry was excellent . 5 on the spicy scale was very spicy but retained the flavor . will be back to try some of the other dishes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got to try this little thai restaurant and i loved it . really good food . super creamy panang curry and tom kha kai was awesome . try some ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "funny story , our first time here we ordered pad thai but for some reason it was served extremely spicy . we felt bad that we could n't eat it and reordered it . the mild version turned out to be amazing ! have been back several times and we make sure to order mild and it 's one of our favorite places now ! best family run thai in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there for lunch . like the lunch menu and the pricing . food tastes very good and the quantity is pretty good . gets a 4 star instead of a 5 is because we had to wait for long last time for the waitress to come back and take the order from us . the thai coffee and tea are amazing here . try it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a huge thai fan , and i tried their thom ka gai soup ... oh my god sogood . i used to live in bloomington and their was this thai place that made the best soup and i have been searching everywhere for another place to chow at ... i will be eating here again and come back for more soup", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pepper beef . perfect balance of flavor and pepper . high quality ingredients . they offer lunch deals for $ 8 . i 'm looking forward to my next visit . ps , they have wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in for lunch and had the phad prik khing dish with chicken and it was excellent . i had never had prik khing curry before , but i will definitely be back for more ! the portion size was good . the meal came with soup , vegetable roll and fried wonton . the place was very clean . we were the first people in the place so service was good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i found ourselves on the west side of town after taking a diving course . we picked this place on our lunch break because of yelp . i got the green curry and he got the red curry , both with chicken . absolutely delicious ! everything was fresh , and the spicy-ness level was just what we had asked for . server was pleasant and restaurant was clean . wished we lived closer so we could go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the panang curry and it was excellent . my wife had the mango curry special and loved it as well . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved my food it was very good but my friends food was seasoned way too hot for their taste . i 'd go back but i think the others would n't . also , they ran out of a lot of items so the menu had limitations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! all 4 of us ordered a different dish so we could try a variety ... we were call very pleased ! the green curry was a definite score !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the chicken and shrimp pad thai and the spicy noodles . this is a small , looks like family owned restaurant . will definitely be back to try new entrees . had a hard time deciding what to order , the menu looked great ! prices are very reasonable . i think it was $ 9 for each entree . portions are not huge , but pretty good ! order the pad thai medium heat or more for an extra kick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've now been a regular here for almost two years . for awhile i went weekly because their food was that good , but it 's slipping , as is the service . things that used to perfectly cooked are now regularly underdone - think nearly raw broccoli and carrots . the regular servers were the owners adult children , and now it 's usually a guy who does n't speak enough english to take a food order , so the food almost always comes out wrong . i 've tried to avoid this twice now by placing to-go orders before the son leaves , and in both instances the food was very wrong . it 's worth a try , especially the yellow curry ( which is on the sweet side ) , so long as you can be patient . the pad thai is still not as good as yupha 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent thai food . i really like the larb but i felt like the entrees were somewhat small portions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went for lunch and was so happy we stopped by . great prices and delicious ! ! ! spicy thai rice , amazing . pad thai also delicious . so glad they 're around the corner from my house . i will be going back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love thai food and this place is amazing ! it was my first time here the place was very clean and the staff was very friendly and attentive . the thai tea was delicious and priced appropriately . i ordered the tom yum shrimp hot pot and it was great ! definitely plan on coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not that great . do n't waste your time , find another thai place . there are several better in the valley .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food ! super fresh ingredients and amazingly fast . appears to be a family run business . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing ! it did take about 45 minutes to get both our appetizer and main courses . there were only two of us in our party so this seemed a little long . i noticed they have a lot of to go orders so it was probably due to that . nonetheless , one of the best thai spots around !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going here for a couple years and love their food , there is nothing i have n't liked ! they also have great friendly service . they are reasonably priced with huge portions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered or dishes to go . we ordered shrimp egg rolls , spicy noodle with beef and spicy fried rice with beef . the service was prompt and courteous and prices comparable to what i see back in san diego . the flavor was on point . the reduction in stars is for the lack of meat in our dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "returned for another thai dish . my wife tried the mango salad . she was not impressed she gave it 1 out of 5 stars . i tried the tom yum soup which was good not great . we were disturbed due to the owners daughter not wanting to help . she was asked to help bring water and drinks to the table since it was busy but she yelled i am doing my homework . over and over this argument went on between her and the mother . the spoiled brat wanted to watch her videos on her laptop rather than be of any assistance . unfortunately this will probably our last time ever going there . it was not an enjoyable meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we are always looking for a great thai restaurant . our favorite one is in scottsdale and we do n't like driving so far . so we decided to give this one a try . they about 3 . 1 2 stars . the phat thai was ok nothing special ( i like egg in mine and this dish did n't come with eggs ) .we also ate the pa nang chicken which tasted good . overall it 's good but in my opinion not the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered for the first time tonight and it was delicious . i had the # 43 pad thai with medium heat and it was great . the noodles were just right , it had heat , nuts , complexity , and everything good pad thai should have . boyfriend had orange chicken and also loved it ; said the mild sauce was just right great low prices and plenty of flavor . we had take out and now the place is on our `` go to '' list . yum", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved this place when it open the woman who ran it was friendly and the service was wonderful . i recommend it to everyone . a few months ago it seemed to of changed the woman was n't there anymore and the food tasted different . we have been back several times but it still did n't taste the same . i asked if they had a new cook and yes they changed cook . it seems they have another location in surprise ! and i guess they switch . well i sure hope they switch back . its still ok but other cook and woman that was there was much better . oh and the prices went up when the change was made . 5 stars for old 3 for new .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is good . but service is not good . not very friendly . when we walked in , no greetings , no acknowledgment . then a hostels server saw us and told us to sit wherever we wanted . she brought us a menu and asked us if we wanted water for now . we said yes . she brought two glasses of water for me and my husband . not for my son . service is slow . my son and i got food first and my husband waited like 5 min . they did n't come pour more water or asked how food was . we knew it would take forever to get a check , so i walked up to the register and paid there . i want to say this to one server ... you seem to be a nice girl but if you work at restaurant , put your hair up . we are not coming back . there are better thai restaurants with better service in town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum ! ! ! ! we tried this place tonight for the first time and it was amazing ! we just returned from a trip to bangkok a few months ago and this place satisfied the craving ! the spicy basil chicken is really good and spicy eggplant as well . i do n't think we got everything we ordered , but not being able to understand your server is part of a good foreign atmosphere : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in the mood for some thai food so i used yelp to help me find this place . first time being here and first impression was that the place was clean , and the staff was real friendly and easy to talk to while placing my order . after reviewing the menu i settled on pad see ewe with level 5 on the spicy scale with a side order of pot stickers to go . arrived at home and broke open the take out containers and was smacked in the face with such a lovely smell and could n't wait to dig in . food tasted really fresh and tasty , and the pot stickers were on point . my only one complaint is that the level 5 could use to be a bit more spicy.. other than that i will definately return and tell friends about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love thai food and it 's hard to find a place that is consistently great . we found that here . their green curry is luscious and silky . we always ask for vegetable green curry with chicken and we get tons of veggies -- broccoli , eggplant , squash bamboo shoots -- not just onions and peppers . also do the same with tom ka gai which is outstanding and a perennial fav of mine . there grilled pot stickers are another knockout . and to me just as important as the food -this place is super clean . it may not be the closest thai restaurant to our house but we consider it our neighborhood restaurant . ca n't beat it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and good food . enjoyed my spicy fried rice . that 's my go to at any new restaurant like this one . very good . great spice and good flavor . coconut milk soup served as part of your lunch . first time i have seen that . i 'm a big fan of that soup and usually have to choose either the soup or a meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the spicy noodle and chicken noodle are really good here . i usually order it to go . i 've tried a few other places in the west valley but this is my favorite thai place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful dinner and service . four of us shared fresh spring rolls and fried tofu for appetizers . then tom kha soup with pa-nang curry , eggplant , spicy pad khaprau . everything was very tasty . we loved the friendly , cordial and properly attentive service . a delightful evening of great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i love thai food and this is some of the best . the restaurant is clean and nice done . the staff are sooo friendly and because you and tell them exactly how hot you want the dish to be you are in no danger of setting yourself on fire like in so many other thai restaurants . you wo n't be disappointed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing i noticed about this place was the simple but comfortable seating . no stiff chairs or cramped spaces here . the second thing i noticed was that my waitress was the tallest thai woman i have ever seen - she must be considered a giant in thailand . the third thing i noticed was the food is great . excellent freshness , herbs , and spices . i got the pineapple-shrimp curry ( $ 12 ) and a thai iced tea ( $ 2.50 ) . i ate until it hurt . i ordered mild , but i should have ordered cold because it was still a bit too spicy for my delicate taste buds . the last thing i noticed was that the price is the same as other places that serve lower-quality food . i wanted to try one of their awesome-sounding desserts , but i could n't because my stomach was completely full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love , love , love krachai thai kitchen ... we first had dinner here one evening and it was soo nice and quiet the day we went . the food was absolutely delicious ... we recently discovered the lunch specials one day while dining in for lunch ... we also love to order and pick up our food on those busy days ... . the turnaround time for the food being ready is incredible . we are thankful they are in the neighborhood and prices are very reasonable . every time i try something new , i am never disappointed . my favorite ... tofu pad thai , and tofu pad see ewe ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the hottest but tastiest thai food in the us i 've eaten has been in phoenix . if you order `` thai hot '' be prepared for what you get -- but highly recommended and large portion sizes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pad thai was a disappointment . but the pad see eww , i do n't think that 's the right spelling , was really good but medium spicy is only for the brave lol . it was so hot , but really good . the spring rolls were not the greatest but the sweet sauce was amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! they 're red curry is amazing ! their orange chicken and pad thai are also great ! my friends loved the fried rice they got . this is the place to go for thai !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 've been several times and tried several things - the food is always fantastic and the service is very kind and considerate ! this is definitely a great thai place : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i am in the mood for thai food , i 'm happy this place is nearby . i have tried many different items from the menu and liked them all . this is quality food with fresh ingredients delivered to your table very fast . at lunch , we 've gotten in and out in 30 minutes . but the very best part of the restaurant is the family that runs it . they are nice and accommodating and i enjoy supporting their business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite thai place in town . great food and friendly service ! their pad thai and panang curry are my two favorites , but out of the several different orders i 've had here , they 've all been great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here at lunch , and really like my meal . had some time to kill that day , and the waitress set me up at a big table , because it had an out let . i had to play on my computer ... but the lunch specials were reasonably priced . and i would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found this place after we moved to our new house and were looking for a place to eat close by . we love thai food but usually have to drive to scottsdale to visit our favorite thai restaurant ; however , we decided to give this place a try . we are glad we did . good food . good service . good prices . the place is small , but both times we 've been there , it has n't been busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really excited to try this place because i love thai food . i ordered the fresh shrimp spring rolls and i bit down on a piece of glass . ruined my appetite . i didnt even bother trying the pad thai i ordered . wont be going back thats for sure", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here was great . the server spoke very little english so he was n't able to answer our questions or explain how their lunch special worked . this is a place that you go for the food , knowing that the service likely wo n't be great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have ordered krachai pineapple fried rice and i liked it very much . i even went again in a week and ordered the same thing . price is also not bad", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favorite little thai place close to home . clean restaurant , friendly staff , consistently great food ! our go-to items are spicy noodle , orange chicken , cashew chicken , spicy fried rice and potstickers . we 've tried several other items on the menu and they 've all been good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this neighborhood thai restaurant has the best red curry , absolutely delicious ! very clean , great service . love the lunch specials , and they have a big menu with lots of tasty dishes to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and eat with these guys asap . had a thoroughly enjoyable experience with these fine people and absolutely loved the pot stickers and yellow curry . pot stickers are prepared by hand as they are ordered and they were on point . chicken yellow curry was superb . i really ca n't say enough about this dish so rather than bore you with words i 'll leave it at superb . i opted for 5 stars out of five in terms of heat and chef did not disappoint . hot af is about the closest i can get to describing it . the area is clean , neat and well appointed . staff is well dressed and neatly kept . waiting to give the fifth star when i am back and the restaurant is busier so i can see them in action .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were a parry of seven with five asians and the consensus was an exceptional cuisine and service . we had over seven different dishes we shared and they were all just perfect so no need to suggest any particular dish .. any type that suits you i 'm sure will be tasty . the server was very attentive with proper settings with dishes and soup bowl . definitely worth a return trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am saddened by the demise of this restaurant . we walked in and had to `` yoo hoo '' to get server hostess attention . the restaurant was pitifully empty on a saturday night at 7:30 . we ordered our usual chicken satay appetizer which was not `` as good as usual '' , meat was on the dry side and the peanut sauce was lumpy . as wew waited for our food , i saw a bug on the floor which i had to deal with under the weight of my flip flop . it was then that i noticed how utterly filthy the floor was . my husband agreed , the place had undeniably succumbed to a fate several ethnic restaurants at this very location have suffered . we pondered what else could be unwashed beside the floors and what else could possibly be creepy crawlin around the kitchen . i left with the heebie jeebies and we both agreed we would not venture back . so very sad : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad for thai food in phoenix . granted i only ate 2 items so far , the papaya salad and phad thai . will try for more items there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the green curry was the best i 've ever had , even gives the option for how spicy the curry can be", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friends and i decided on thai food . decided to try an entirely new place . clean . everyone was very friendly and helpful . everything i ordered and sampled was excellent . food was hot when it got to the table . they will have a return customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought the food was really good ! got a to go order and have not dined in . a little unfortunate that there is no alcohol served but will continue to go for dinner and take out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was excellent great for reasonable you can adjust the spice and heat 3 is a medium heat . we will be back . try it and if you like thai you wo n't be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this lil place is amazingly good . i ordered the beef noodles and my god it was great . and it was only $ 8.95 . wow ! ! i will totally come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're craving thai food and you happen to be in the phoenix area , this is a wonderful place to go ! our waiter was very sweet and the food was delicious . very flavorful blend of spices and it 's nice that you can choose how spicy you want your food . i absolutely loved the spicy eggplant with chicken and definitely recommend the dish and the restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we do n't live close to this restaurant , but we have been at least 5 times to dine in , and have ordered take out several more times , since discovering it not long ago . i was n't a red curry fan until tasting theirs . now i wo n't order anything else . delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place on yelp.went there on lunch time glad they did not close between3 to 5oclock like lots of thai restaurant does . service was good . small but place is clean , relax music . i ordered shrimp egg roll and pad thai and desert coconut ice creamand sweet rice.it was good i could not eat it all so boxed up for dinner.shrimp roll was little different from other thai restaurant it kind of small and fat they cut it in middle.it just have very little shrimp lots of vegs.but over all i am giving 4stars . i will come back agian if im in this side of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really bad place , i ordered chicken and shrimp pad thai and have 2 shrimp and 3 small pieces of chicken so disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the best thai places i 've eaten at and is always consistent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! staff is quick and friendly . been here multiple times and could recommend to others", "score": "5"}
{"review": "krachai thai restaurant is so delicious ! the food they serve is very consistent and the lunch specials are a great deal . what an amazing hole in the wall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here . to be honest , i have only tried the shrimp pineapple coconut curry because it 's so delicious . fresh cut vegetables and fresh pineapple with thai basil . i heard the place has been under new ownership for a few months . the food is wonderful and it 's cute inside . the people who run the place are very sweet and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best thai food i 've ever had the orange chicken is to die for it was not dry or extra saucy it was just right and it was n't overly battered . a lot of places have more breading and batter than chicken . the pad thai was amazing . even the white rice was nice and fluffy and the owners are super sweet . food is awesome and fairly spiced . i definitely recommend this place my family and i will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the worst service i 've had in a long time , clearly understaffed . plan on waiting forever to get your food , and good luck talking to anyone once it 's been delivered . it 's a shame , the food was not bad . the curry was missing some of the ingredients that were on the menu and if i do n't order chicken , do n't put it in my soup .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just came for the first time & absolutely love it . my husband had pepper beef & i had green curry with chicken . great experience all around . please patronize them as they prepared food that certainly deserve buying . loved it & we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mighty fine and authentic thai food at reasonable prices and excellent service although language barrier was a bit of a challenge . reminded me of my experience in thailand . they are excellent at dialing spice level to your needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this place with my best friend the other night and we got the combo appetizer plate ! it was alright but too many fried things for my liking ! i ordered the seafood salad and there were more fried food on it that i was quickly tired of the meal . i think it would have been a lot tastier without that appetizer first ! on top of that , the waitress did n't ask me whether or not i had wanted it spicy or not ! i had forgotten and was sad because i had wanted that extra kick ! i will give this place another try and update on my next visit !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the thai tea , pad thai , fried rice , and papaya salad . everything is good . most thai restaurant fries rice are soggy . does n't look fried . this place has excellent service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came at lunch on a weekday . very clean and quiet . ordered spicy noodles from the lunch special and an iced coffee . also got the coconut ice cream because i 'm a pig . waitress was attentive but not intrusive . i was at lunch by myself and was catching up on a few episodes of a tv show on my phone . she took care of whatever i asked for and when ever i looked up , my water glass was full and my dirty dishes whisked away . this place is off the chain . perfect iced coffee , possibly the best drunken noodles spicy noodles i 've ever had and a pleasant ambience . coconut ice cream was a very generous serving and really delicious . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice environment , excellent friendly service and the food was wonderful . hot and flavorful and large portion . i ordered the chicken noodles and asked them to substitute carrots for the bamboo shoots . u can order ur food as spicy as u like . good value for the money ! definately would go back if i lived here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mild pad thai lunch special is great for $ 6 - just not that mild", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love thai food and have been eating it for a while . i just moved from california and i used to go to thai town to eat at thai restaurants so i can say this place is n't too traditional on their cooking from experience . their soups are way off on flavor as well as other dishes . i will not say it 's bad , it 's good . but traditional thai dishes are amazing . if you come here i will recommend there thai tea it 's great and their beef on a stick , that dish is traditional and great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly staff , good food . my wife and i got their pad-see-ew , pa-nang curry with beef , and finished with their sweet rice with thai mango . everything was really good . excellent flavor combination . the pad-see-ew had the perfect amount of heat on them ( spicy and temperature ) . the needles had a nice thin char to them which was perfect - the dish was cooked perfectly . the pa-nang curry was also very flavorful and my wife ( generally does not like spicy food ) thought that it was very good . their sweet rice with mango was perfect to end the course . if you have never tried that dish . i suggest that you try it at least once . granted - the mango has to be in season for it to be good ( thus seasonal ) we will definitely be coming back . this restaurant is probably our favorite thai in the area . we 'll give the other restaurants a try before we come back just to be fair . however , we have a feeling that we 'll be back real soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite thai food in town . in a world with thai restaurants closing their doors all the time , this hidden gem shines bright . everything is fantastic , down to the perfectly cooked broccoli . i highly suggest trying this west side spot . we need to do all we can to support this local business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love thai food , and have eaten at many thai restaurants . this is by far one of the absolute best places i have ever been ! the food is fresh , authentic , and fabulous ! i would recommend this little place to anyone who loves thai food ! ! ! hands down awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great find ! we had relatives in from out of town who wanted thai , and came in based on other yelp reviews . glad we did ! friendly service and lots of leftovers . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , great food , great prices . i normally go to different places for lunch , but now i have made this place my once a week spot . staff is friendly and awesome . the first time i came in , did n't know what i wanted and the lady gave me a suggestion and i have never looked back . food was great , and spicy to , i love spicy food . just tell them and they will make it spicy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am going to give this a 2 star only because there were roaches around the place . the food was pretty good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pat se ew and pad thai . so good ! very good service . very good food . very decent price ! the lunch special comes with soup and a spring roll . so delicious . this place is our new favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have horrible customer service not to mention bad work ethics as well . cutting corners due to negligence , roasting tires , revving engines , scratched paint and so much more . do yourself a favor and do n't waste your time and money . they are a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dont waste your time here ! you 'll leave disappointed ! ! i wish i could give this company a zero star . i recieved horrible customer service when it came to their owner nicole delong not only did she give me a appraisal the day before she then has the audacity to change it the day i brought in the car . mike lamar who is the designer , on the other hand took care of me as saw to it that he could help best to his ability on a timely manner . you can tell he 's a stand up guy by by belief conversation with him . as far as their workers go , i can not say for the multiple other inquires i took at other shops , that geckos are top of the line by any means . do not come here . spend a little more at better shops . do your research !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "military friendly ! owner came directly to my location to measure my windows in an appropriate amount of time . the estimate was emailed to me the same day their coordinator . the wrap installation was done ahead of schedule . i was completely satisfied with the service they provided and had our second office done with the same decals . we have had continuous compliments and the decals have proven to reach our target mai will continue to use gecko wraps in the future and recommend them to everyone i care about !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team at gecko did an awesome job in a short amount time on a special project i was working on . on time and under budget . you ca n't ask for much better than that . gecko also did a stellar job for event production on stickers , promo materials , posters and so much more . if you need help with advertising these are your guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always have done a excellent job ! ca n't wait to start my new setup . theses guys have been top notch for years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company wrapped my restaurant van and did a horrible job . finish on my truck was a partial wrap . they put a matte wrap onto my glossy paint job , without giving us options . the finishing cuts were jagged , messy and uneven . the brake light was never screwed back in and our brake lights stopped working . we went to another company to have the repairs done and they confirmed it was due to the poor wrap job . a couple of our fixtures are coming off because this company did not reapply them properly after wrapping the van . every time i see a wrapped matte finished commercial vehicle i think `` gecko wraps screwed them too ! ! ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the protein soup . i 've had it before at another location , but here it tastes pretty bad . the broth especially tasted old , their noodles were n't cooked right and i had exactly 2 pieces of brocoli . furthermore , it 's supposed to have barley , not ramen noodles ( or at least they looked like ramen noodles ... ) i thought the point was to sell healthy food ... oh well , waste of 10 $ . do not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i dont like this place . the salad is not fresh and its very expensive . a small salad for almost 10 $ .omg", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not happy with this place . it looked good but watch that they make your food then touch money and cash register without removing gloves . ensure they take them off from the previous customer . if you order the soup of the day ask to see it first . i was told it was vegetable and the picture on the board looked very hearty , what i got had nothing but broth ? when i asked about it they said it was blended in . tasted blah !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "knowledgeable and thorough . very recommended . tev came highly recommended from a scottsdale realator . his work standard was above board , especially his talent for aestheticly pleasing fixtures and lighting designs . he is consistant and impeccably clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tev castro ( thc ) is quite friendly , hard working , efficient and dependable ! he cleans up after himself and appears to know his stuff , a good electrician . he keeps his appointments and works quickly , a very personable man . i will use his services again in the future and recommend him to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thc is fantastic . text tev last night and i coordinated the install of a few ceiling fans in my parents house . we set a time which i needed to switch and he accommodated the switch with zero hesitation . he showed up on time and bright eyed . i had the fans onsite and he got to work immediately . tev was clean , efficient and very professional . we added a couple odds and ends ( as you do when you get a bomb tradesman in the vicinity ) and he knocked them out no sweat . i 'd highly recommend thc and will use him in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tev was highly recommended to us from a fellow electrician . tev will be our electrician of choice anytime we need electrical help . he is efficient , knowledgeable and all around good guy . he put canned lights in hall , living room , family room , closets , and master bath . changed some wiring plugins to be more convenient . he knew where they should be placed - tev does great work and his prices were much better than lamps plus estimates . you 'll be happy to pay him because you will be super satisfied with his work . wished all trades people were like tev .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy is awesome ! called tev to switch a 240 outlet to a 120 and he came right over and had it done in no time . excellent customer service . will use this company again and highly recommend to anyone needing electrical services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tev did a fantastic job for us ! he came out to estimate a slew of electrical jobs with our newly purchased home and was very fair . he switched out all our outlets and switches , changed some controls on switches to the outlets lights we wanted and installed canned lighting in or living room with dimmers . he did all of it in one day and gave us a great deal . there are other things we will use him for in the future for our yard lighting . he protected our future and cleaned up , was helpful explaining everything and got in our attic in the summer ! we highly recommend him ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our 3rd electrical job completed , and i 'm so grateful to be able to turn my bedroom lights on with the switch in my dreamland villa community home . thank you again and have a great day tev .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with how fast tev made everything happen . i scheduled the appointment the day before and tev ran the electric out to the center of my pergola in about 2 hours . additionally , i feel that the price was comparable to the other quotes that i have received .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my property management company uses thc electrical for its rentals and i was very impressed . i originally put in a service request because our dishwasher was n't working , but the appliance technician quickly diagnosed the problem as originating from a `` wild '' outlet that had actually burned out two circuit boards in the appliance prior to my move-in . i put a new request in on friday , and tev was on the ball and here on monday to make the repair . i was so impressed that i asked him for his info so that i could leave this review . thanks , tev ! ( and thank you for managing to keep the cat inside -- he is a handful : ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tev came out to my house to fix a problem that has been ongoing with my outdoor lights tripping all the time when there was a rain storm . he was able to fix the problem and many other people have tried and it has never worked before !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i figure that if transit riders can rate street cars and buses , drivers should be able to rate roads . i despise this road ! i mean , all the way from the south end at the lake to the north end in brampton where it changes names . it sucks ! all of the time ! there is always traffic on it ( ok , not really at 6:00 in the morning on a sunday - but almost always ) , the lights just do n't seem to be in sync in a way to move the amount of traffic on this road along well . and i do n't know why but this road seems to attract especially poor drivers . i am no longer surprised by nearly getting in accidents every time i 'm on this road . i feel like my blood pressure rises every time i drive it and actually go out of the way often to avoid putting myself closer to a heart attack . that is all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i also despise this road . it takes me to the mall though so i guess it 's not that bad ... lol ugh no it is , the more i think about it the more i dislike it . it also takes me to port credit . the speed limit is too low . the lights are too many . there are too many cars on this road and i 'm only part of the problem . is it worse than steeles ? it 's comparable . worse than queen st in brampton ? ya , i would say so .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate to say this , as mississauga is my city , but this street is horrible on so many levels . crazy accidents , construction around 401 hwy , tons of traffic , too many lights , my wife and i try out best to avoid hurontario at any cost , we take what ever street or rd but not hurontairo . in opinion and i am sure others would agree , it has one of the , if not the worse intersection in mississauga , and that would be hurontario st and dundas street w. i have seen more accidents at this intersection than the entire sauga combined . it also has other great qualities like : dingy , sketchy and dirty : ) that being said i still end up on this street , because it has a lot of caribbean food choices and also many other options for food . safe driving folks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was at a bmo located on hurontario and bristol and this showed up so i though to check in : ) what can i say ... this is one of the busiest and awesome streets in mississauga . it links brampton , highways like 401 & 403 & qew , square one , trillium health centre , dundas ( desi shops ) , courtney park ( theaters ) , lakeshore and many more . so this is a busy busy busy street of mississauga and kinda soul of the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never thought to review a road before , but why not ! hurontario ( in mississauga ) is the worst ! it is super slow , has way too many stop lights concentrated in the square one area and always has construction on it at some point . if there 's an accident , you may as well park your car because it moves like molasses if one lane is blocked . the sheer amount of volume is insane . they would do better to stop building condos in this area and widen the road first . the area of hurontario and dundas is particularly dangerous and congested . there are a lot of accidents in that intersection . terrible considering the amount of pedestrians that wait for buses at that corner . if this road can be avoided , you may as well . mississauga is a busy place but hurontario is not the way to get around during peak hours", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this road popped up as a potential check-in , so i figured i 'd check in considering i live on the street lol . i think this is a really good road for food , so that gives it 4 stars . i can drive from square one up to brampton and see three awesome kebab places , a couple of awesome sushi places and some other buffets , so it 's great for food ! however , traffic sucks and that 's why it loses the star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really horrible experience with this doctor , the worst ever i should say . he does not care about patients at all , i went there for a pap test and ultrasound , he found an apses and said that he had to remove it , and next thing i know i was screaming in pain , no warning no nothing just horrible pain , he did n't acknowledge my pain and kept going , then after he did the ultrasound , and did not explained anything , he just shoved things in my vagina and kept moving the apparatus up and down and side by side , i was telling him that it hurt and he keep saying he has to find my ovaries . he never apologized or explained what he was doing , i felt like a piece of meat . really horrible experience , not a nice doctor at all . i felt so bad after i went there , i called my doctor to send me to a different gynecologist .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to dr. gerber to get a mirena iud ( my second one ) . the first one i got 5 years ago was the most painful experience of my life and to say i was terrified of getting my new one was an understatement . the office is clean , bright , and welcoming . they did a much more thorough consent and explanation session than my old clinic including an ultrasound . dr. gerber knew i was scared and was friendly , funny and assuring . they did local freezing at my request and it was over in a minute with no more pain than a mild pinch . what a relief ! you do need a referral and the lead-in for an appointment is on the longer side . i would 100 % recommend him to anyone who had a painful iud insertion before or anyone who is scared . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice office and clean and professional until u walk in and see his face . the worst doctor i have met in my life . the rudest and unfriendly doctor . i mean you walk in their cause u have concerns about your health and all he cares it 's to see you for 2 min and not clearly explain you about your conditions . i do not recommend him to my worse enemy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. gerber is professional , courteous and knowledgeable . he always makes me feel comfortable and procedures are over before you know it . for me this a a great thing . i 've had nothing but good experiences during each visit with him . you must expect a tiny bit of gentle poking , prodding and sensitive questions during your visit . after all , this is the nature of the business . the office staff are genuine and welcoming . overall , i highly recommend dr. gerber . have been a client for 5 yrs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "office staff was amazing for 8 am appointment . i am a first time patient and i was definitely very comfortable with the office , staff and dr gerber during my visit . i also called with a question 6 weeks later and the call was returned by dr gerber by 8 am the next business day ! i 'm impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think dr gerber is a amazing doctor , been with him since 2009 with a lot of problems and he fixed my problems . went to see him again shortly with another problem , and reassured me that all was good , found my lining of my uterus a bit thick and reassured me not to worry at all..will do a follow up in three months . i put my trust in this doctor , he is witty..smart..and has a lot of knowledge when it comes to understanding to make you feel better . he does his job the way he has to do his job. , he gets right to the point to help you . if doctor tells you all is ok you trust him . i think he is just a no nonsense dr , and i am glad to have him for my doctor these past six years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somewhere in my search for all things delicious in and near akron , i found stownut , a cool little diner tucked away in a strip mall . i went first thing in the morning to get a couple fresh donuts ( i read they can go quickly ) and was greeted by two lovely ladies behind the counter in front of a colorful display case . i grabbed a menu on the way out and nearly started to cry that i had n't planned to stay there for breakfast . the donuts were good , but i saw some amazing offerings like breakfast pizza and the kitchen sink . while those donuts were simply amazing , i would not hesitate to drive from pittsburgh for that breakfast pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love yelp for showing me great local spots that i might not otherwise check out . this was one of those ! stownut is both a donut shop and a diner ... so of course we ate breakfast and ordered donuts . i order katie 's kitchen sink - hash browns topped with split biscuit , 2 eggs and sausage gravy . ah- mazing . hubs ordered just some basic eggs with home fries ... these are bigger cubes of seasoned potatoes- and they were really good . we for a couple maple donuts to go - even though they had some `` out there '' options like oreo , snickers and froot loops . so good . my card smelled like love the whole way home . a ) go for a meal . yum . b ) dont be distracted by the major chain donut place in the parking lot . just . keep . driving . trust me . i never lie about donuts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we must have gone here on a bad day . i had read great reviews and brought people here to eat for breakfast . everything was cooked very poorly and tasted bad . we were really hungry and not that picky , yet not one of us finished more than half our breakfast . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service on weekend mornings is not great . the hold up seems to be in the kitchen . trying to find the perfect way to get my eggs runny for toast dipping but not slimy . ordered over easy and they 're slimy , but ordered medium and the yolks are a little hard . breakfast comes with one slice of toast but if you want one more slice , it 's 70 cents -- a little steep i think for one slice of bread .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited here for the first time last week and was impressed . it has an adorable interior that really gives it an old time feel . the staff was very friendly and helpful . the food came out within a good time . the menu is n't huge , but there are good options . i did n't try their donuts this time , but next time i will for sure . they looked delish . i love how they have a question of the day , where if you answer the question correct you can get a free donut . it 's a cute little place you should visit once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , we sat out on the patio . our server was prompt and friendly . i ordered the stownut stacker and 1 bite in was amazing ! ! ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive past this place all the time and finally stopped in . there are 2 things i have to try at any diner i visit , pancakes and burgers . on this visit i had pancakes and sausage . they were very tasty and the coffee was quite good . our waitress was very friendly and the place had a 50 's feel . i will most definitely visit again for a burger soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best in town ! from the unique doughnuts , homemade favorites and service it 's a must visit . never had anything on the menu i did n't enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a salesman , i buy a lot of donuts for my customers . i like to spread the business around , especially to local and small businesses but i really ca n't recommend this place for its donuts . i ordered three dozen donuts for early morning pickup and everyone complained they were stale ! i will not jeopardize business relationships again with this `` day old '' donut place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great family-run business . corned beef hash , donuts , and eggs benedict as good as you can get . fresh ingredients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "speedy service with a smile ! very glad this recommendation popped up while visiting stow . i enjoyed the s'mores donut and my boyfriend tried a sloppy joe omelet . definitely a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little dinner tucked away in stow . the service can be a little to desired but that depends on the time of day . come early , great service . come an hour or closer to closing , they are angry they have to wait on you . donuts are great but variety goes quick . we come for the breakfast pizza- be prepared to wait , it 's made fresh right there but it 's so worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this diner is a great place for brunch . we got the steak quesadilla it was very very good . we also got the b-bop , an egg , ham and cheese sandwich on a bagel . wish the cheese was melted but besides that it was good . you also get a lot for your money . the service is also extremely friendly and nice ! really enjoyed the people there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very good , little place tucked away in a strip mall in stow . they 're known for their delicious donuts , but i planned to go there for a simple breakfast , since i 'm gluten-free . they had gluten free blueberry muffins ! ! so delicious . tasted like a normal muffin . o so moist and bluberry-y . ate half my muffin and then ordered coffee , 2 eggs , and hash browns with cheese . the eggs were a little runny ( ordered them over-medium ) , but the whole thing was rather tasty . lots of cheese on the hash browns . got all it all ( muffin , eggs , hash browns , coffee ) for 9.02 . the donuts looked delicious , though i could n't have any of them . their flavors range from regular glazed , sour cream , jelly , chocolate eclair , etc. , to specialties like s'mores and trix cereal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a home town diner this is your place ! super cute atmosphere- great diner food ! have never received bad service and even my special request for breakable ( burnt ) bacon always comes out as i like it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just came up and got breakfast lunch ... wanted to offer some feedback . my daughter ordered breakfast ... the # 3 . french toast . it was really good . she devoured it . i got the chicken potpie with great anticipation ... . bcuz that 's one of my favs in life . that and country fried steak n eggs . lol . the potpie'a crust was amazing . very flaky . and abundant . if i may offer a tiny hint of advice ... . it would of been the bomb dot com -- -- if -- - the gravy insides wld have matched ( the amount ) of dough . do n't get me wrong -- because she 's on point with the amount of dough . normally that 's what is lacking in a pot pie . however -- it was a tad dry and i really would of loved more `` gravy '' . maybe next time i will order a side of gravy with it and it will be .. perfection : ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in stow on business and was n't really feeling a chain restaurant for breakfast . luckily , yelp directed me to stownut . it 's a cute little diner that looks like something right out of the 50s ( discounting the spongebob memorabilia in the corner , of course ) . i had katie 's kitchen sink biscuits and gravy , and it did not disappoint . i grew up in the south , so i 'm really particular about mine , but the folks at stownut now how to whip them up real good . the owner and the servers were very friendly as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 're on vacation visiting cuyahoga valley national park & we found this place on yelp . it 's our second visit in a week ! we love it ! the donuts are so fresh & the homemade biscuit on my breakfast sandwich was amazing . perfect perfect place for breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! my boyfriend and i ate there for the first time today . it 's a cozy , old-fashioned diner with vintage coke signs and elvis presley decorations and the typical black and white checkered tile floor . i had a delicious breakfast bagel sandwich with cheese , egg , and tomato accompanied with delicious , homemade home fries . my boyfriend got the garden omelet that was made with fresh veggies and very tasty ! they also have nice outdoor seating if you feel like the inside is too small . on the way out , we bought a trix donut and a chocolate whoopie pie from their homemade donut selection . we left about an hour until close so most of their donuts were sold out - there was a sign for a s'mores donut that was all gone - ca n't wait to go back and try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not a fancy breakfast brunch spot , it 's a diner ! a great diner . the donuts are fresh and sinful . the breakfast is great diner food . i would like to try their lunch at some point . the decor screams nostalgia and the service is pretty good . again , it 's a diner ! if you like diners , this place is for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this little place ! it 's great in the summer due to the outdoor seating . i go for breakfast since i 'm not a huge donut fan , but their donut selection is decent and you can win a free one if you answer the trivia question of the day correctly . service is always fast and portions are neither too big nor too small ( although i fill up quick so i might be biased ) . they serve your typical greasy spoon diner food , which is exactly what i 'm looking for when i go out to breakfast . everything also seems to use butter or margarine ... none of that 50 % canola oil stuff i 've seen places using lately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stownut has a decent breakfast menu with reasonable prices , but the food is n't necessarily anything special . i got an omelet and it was n't any better or worse than something you 'd get at bob evans . the waitstaff was friendly , though and we try to support locally owned establishments , so we 'll probably be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best breakfast in stow . classic diner favorites as well as new takes on classics . i love the stow stacker and the pancakes . the service is not fast , but it 's worth the wait . and the donuts ( especially the sour cream ) are wonderful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was ok. my waffle was good , the coffee was not . if you 're looking for coffee and donuts there 's a dunkin ' donuts in the same shopping center that 's just as good and probably cheaper , if you 're looking for a diner i 'd go to johnny 's diner in hudson , better food , better service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in search of blueberry waffles and today 's visit did n't disappoint . our meal was made even better by sitting outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic . get the coffee . i do n't know what it is but that in itself is enough to make you come back and get a sandwich , donut , and large coffee for around $ 7 . i 'd pay that any day for a homemade breakfast sandwich over a mcdonalds meal that will cost you just as much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had the corned beef breakfast here before that a friend brought me and it was absolutely amazing so i went in for lunch today and got the rib eye philly . such a good lunch . the sandwich was by far one of the best i 've ever had and the homemade macaroni salad was so good . i was told that the wait was a little longer here and to expect that so i did . karen was great and the wait was actually perfect for timing to have lunch . the food here is delicious and i would highly recommend eating in or calling for carry out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for breakfast . definitely nothing fancy about the place but the food was good and the service was great . good basic breakfast at a reasonable price . the donuts are great ! i 'll be back and add this place to my breakfast list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had breakfast here last week and it was great . i sat at the counter , but they had tables available too at 10:00am on a weekday . service was very good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had breakfast here for the first time a couple of weeks a go . all the regular customers were friendly and greeted me when i walked in . our waitress was kind and happy . she made sure our coffee cups were full . i had a made to order omelet . the food and coffee were delicious . i only give it 4 stars because everything cooked and covered in butter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great donuts . lousy food . i came in here due to a severe jelly donut craving ( and i ca n't stand large chain store donuts that come frozen in a box before you eat them ) . so , being in the area i googled donuts and this place popped up . i got a raspberry jelly donut which was delicious . when i ordered lunch , i discovered many lunch items were not available which either means they 're so good they ca n't keep them in stock or the kitchen is poorly run . i ended up with a sloppy joe sandwich which was just awful . it came with cheese on top that was hard and appeared to have been sitting out . the bun was burned and the macaroni salad was the strangest of all : it had nearly whole eggs in it and was pure mayonaise . i ate about half and had to quit . so , in short , i would say go for the donuts and not the food in my experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super friendly staff and unique variety of donuts for a diner like this ! i also got a free donut by guessing the trivia question of the day correctly . i ordered a veggie breakfast quesadilla with tons of vegetables , which i normally would 've loved , but it got a little soggy in the end . next time i will try one of the meat varieties ! i tried and trix and strawberry glazed donuts , both of which i loved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered this place on my trip to cuyahoga valley national park . the servers were friendly and the breakfast was tasty and inexpensive . i will be back the next time i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 're from the cleveland area and we 're down here for a wedding and needed a good breakfast the next morning and could n't have picked a better place ! food was amazing , people were amazing . donuts were excellent as was all of our different dishes ... probably going to make the drive down here once in awhile for more good food and company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best diners i have been to . great service . shawn is very nice on-the-ball . honestly all of their food is delicious , however , my favorite is the steak omelet with gouda cheese and their powdered raspberry donuts are out of this world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! good corned beef hash , great donuts . a good , old-fashioned diner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is adorable and the staff is great . love the fun donuts and the katie 's kitchen sink is the best ! it 's great for dining in and to-go orders .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place on yelp because we were trying to decide between a donut place and a breakfast diner . to our surprise , we discovered a place that served both ! when we first walked in , we saw the showcase of donuts , including uniquities like the `` trix delight '' ( yeast donut with trix cereal on top ) . we chose to sit at the bar and enjoyed the company of the servers . i started out with coffee and we both shared a yeast donut with chocolate icing and sprinkles . the yeast donuts here are larger and more substantial than your average krispy kreme yeast donut and quite good , they taste very fresh . she had a breakfast burrito which was 'delicious ' with bacon that was 'on point ' . i had an eggs benedict which was very good , although i wish the hollandaise had had chives . overall the service was very friendly , the food good , and it looks like we have definitely found a breakfast spot where we wo n't have to compromise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go there almost every weekend since i discovered it . if you want a good breakfast done right and want your coffee filled every 5 minutes then you 'll like this place . if you 're going there for the first time try the corn beefed hash , it 's delicious . do n't forget to grab a donut too they 're always great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was tiny inside but super cute . we went with intentions of donuts and coffee and hopefully a small table to sit , i did n't realize they actually served hot food also . naturally , we got our donuts and coffee ... plus a bacon egg and cheese bagel and an order of eggs benedict . everything was tasty and all of that for $ 20 before tip . i see a return trip in our future . cookies and cream donut was delish ! next on my list is definitely smores ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there today for the first time . the food was awesome ! they warned us of a wait very nicely and we decided to stay . we got seated right away and ordered cream sticks and coffee which we got very quickly and they were both very very good . we ordered breakfast and it was worth the wait . the food is homemade and delicious . the place is clean even the bathroom which is important to me . we had great service and ca n't wait to go again next weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just another fun spot ! the breakfast there are good and the decor you just look at for days . very fun for a date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff and owners are just the start of an amazing experience ! the eggs benedict ... oh goodness . the best around . a great way to start the day . food always comes out the way you want it ; the hashbrowns are just the right amount of crispy , the yolks runny , the pancakes fluffy , and the coffee just strong enough . not just donuts by any means ... those are for taking home when the experience is over ! if you 've not been here ... the only question i can ask is ... why not ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this little hometown gem ! fair prices . good food . great service . doughnuts are fresh and delicious . quaint dinner with a nostalgic feel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent breakfast , friendly staff , retro atmosphere , best donuts i 've found so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in on saturday . ordered the ruben sandwich ! was very good and the fries were hot and very good ! will go back and try breakfast next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great prices , good is very good , fast service , you can not beat this small restaurant . also , very clean and neat , very friendly service . tom dean hudson , ohio", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to have brunch with friends . i thought the pictures reminded me of a donut place i loved in nyc so we tried stownut . great choice ! everyone was happy with their meals . prices were good , and the decor is diner-rific . i 'll be returning for sure . we got donuts for the ride home . delicious bonus ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bah . jubilee knocks them out of the water . hell , acme and giant eagle does as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is an awesome , cheap family diner ! such nice people run the place and they 're very good for what they do . it 's basic stuff - bagel with egg and cheese , omelettes , egg salad , soup , etc . good diner food that comes out decently quickly . the donuts are also very tasty and there is always a trivia question for a free donut if you get it right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place randomly last sunday and the food was hot , fresh , tasty , and cheap ! i had the breakfast stack and my boyfriend had the eggs benedict . both meals were very tasty and hot . coffee was great . the owner and staff were friendly . i 'd definitely visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we started out meal with a yummy apple fritter and piping hot coffee . the staff was friendly and the decor made it feel like a old time diner . a friend had recommended the corned beef hash and it was the best i 've ever had . the corned beef is homemade , tender , and full of flavor ! katie 's kitchen sink was also fantastic , the biscuits and gravy ( which are also homemade ) did not disappoint . overall , it was a great breakfast spot and we 'll be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable diner style restaurant ! ! ! friendly staff and quick service ! donuts are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst place ever ... after receiving a new transmission that took a week to do.. had to come back because it wasnt done.. left it for 2 more days.. still not done.. missed work twice because no car.. have been calling every couple hours and they still say its almost done.. wouldve liked a courtesy call just once to know whats going on with my car especially since i already knew what needed to be done ... they lag , are not courteous , dont seem to know what theyre doing ... waste time and money going here ... turn away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my 3rd transmission repair quote ! by far the lowest , the fastest , and the service by all i encountered was absolutely a-1 top notch ! i was stranded traveling from california to colorado , and towed back to vegas to family from utah . i talked w steve and he assured me of price and rebuild warranty ! i am happy to say as i traveled over vail pass my transmiision had no problems ! very very happy to be home ! thank you steve and my family thanks you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible ... had my transmission rebuilt here and nothing but problems with car , loss of 5th gear , trans blew up a month later and now it sounds like a band saw when i get to 3000 rpm , for a shop that specializes in transmission you sure do have a lot of issues making transmissions work , and when i would drive by my car would be sitting out back and id call them and they are `` working '' on it , do not go here ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ... steve and russ are the best saved us from a terrible experience we had first elsewhere . they helped us the right and honest way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since our initial experience , we have had to take the vehicle back a few times because the at & engine light kept coming on , the 3rd time around the shift issue changed from gears 3 4 to 2 3 . they do hold to their repair warranty , they have not charged a cent for each time we have brought it back and they are very polite . this afternoon they called us to tell us that they could n't figure out what was wrong so they were ordering a new transmission ( on them ) and it would be here tuesday . they did seem confident that the car was safe to drive around town , so they let us take it back while they are waiting on the trans . to ship . i have to say kudos for doing their best to make it right . hopefully the new transmission takes care of things for now : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm very impressed with aamco . honest , reliable shop . thank you mark for being fair with repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in thinking i needed a big repair and they could have easily taken advantage of me . i did n't need a repair and they did not charge me . i went there because i was told they are honest and they definitely are . they give me renewed faith in people of las vegas . car repairs can feel out of your control and expensive but mark is trustworthy and will not rip you off", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment with ron for $ 106 around 2:30 for a 45 ' transmission oil change @ 3:30 i also called again for directions & joey confirmed . when i got there ron lied & said he did not agree to do it even though there was an empty lift . brake masters 3540 tropicana nv 89121 did it for $ 17 less .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok i came here from goodyear on tropicana , i needed new wheel bearings ( note that 's what goodyear told me when i took my car in , apparently both sides had to be replaced - they quoted me 585 $ ) so of course me being me i did my research and ended up buying my own wheel bearings . ( 130 $ for both ) long story short , called aamco and they quoted me 250 $ for both sides ( labor only ) ..came in and it turned out that my front wheel is bent and i do n't have to replace both wheel bearings . ( paid 170 $ for one ) mark got the job done and i 'm a happy camper now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a terrible aamco . terrible customer service . they made me feel less then human . i had a feeling something was n't right . minorities should watch how they are treated . treat all humans as people 's . lots of americans are in mixed culture families . apparently these rednecks who run this place do n't know that . i called the national headquarters to complain . no response at all . do n't support old ideals in the good old boy network .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das plenum gibt es schon lange , aber im juni 2016 wurde es unter der leitung von benz & co . catering neu er\u00f6ffnet . mitten in der stadt in schlossgarten und landtag gelegen und daher auch f\u00fcr besucher der oper ideal . die gastronomie hat uns \u00fcberzeugt . gelassenes und sehr gepflegtes stilvolles ambiente , hervorragend geschultes personal , die karte in ihrer \u00fcberschaubarkeit vielf\u00e4ltig und \u00e4nderungen gar kein problem . wir hatten milchkalbsleber und kaninchen , beides sehr schmackhaft . der wein dazu jeweils eine empfehlung , die wunderbar gepasst hat . -- -fazit : gerne wieder .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir hatten mit einer akademischen gruppe ein essen . im vorfeld konnten wir aus zwei men\u00fcs , fisch o ente w\u00e4hlen . getr\u00e4nkekarte gabs erst auf nachfrage . das brot u die dazu gerreichten butter waren sehr lecker . die vorspeise bekamen wir alle miteinander . beim hauptgang waren die fischesser schon fast fertig , als erst die ente kam . im gegensatz zum angek\u00fcndigten kartoffelbaumkuchen wurde risotto ( etwas b\u00fc\u00dftest ) gereicht u es gab auch kein gem\u00fcse . die ente war etwas zuviel durch u oben nicht knusprig . der nachtisch bei beiden men\u00fcs war in ordnung . f\u00fcr einen menupreis um die eur 40,00 h\u00e4tte ich mehr erwartet , vor allem da au\u00dfer den getr\u00e4nken schon alles vorbestellt war u die k\u00fcche wusste wieviel von jedem gericht sie auf einmal herrichten mussten .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zentral gelegen und doch ruhig . im sommer l\u00e4dt die grosse aussen-terrasse ein . geheimtip : hier ist es bis sp\u00e4t abends sonnig . ein entspannter ort mit wunderbarem blick in die parkanlage und \u00fcber den eckensee . gepflegte gastronomie . gerlinde faktor gering . h\u00e4ufig kommen kultivierte herrschaften in gruppen die sp\u00e4ter nebenan ins theater gehen hier vorbei und essen noch was al fresco . entsprechend visuell hergerichtet und kurzweilig zu beobachten . das schauspiel beginnt schon hier . die bedienung ist meist professionell und die preise sind der lage entsprechend hoch . das ist angemessen . auch prima f\u00fcr kaffee und kuchen . oder ein k\u00fchles pils . das geb\u00e4ude des landtag ist zudem eines der attraktivsten bauten der moderne stuttgart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "modernes restaurant beim neuen schloss in stuttgart mit gediegenem , aber kaltem designer-ambiente , das stil hat , aber keine gem\u00fctlichkeit ausstrahlt ; beim besuch am abend nach der oper und entsprechend `` reifes '' publikum ; gepflegt-ged\u00e4mpfte atmosph\u00e4re ohne beschallung . nur sp\u00e4rlicher besuch abends um halb zehn . sehr korrekter empfang und zuvorkommende bedienung . die nicht sehr umfangreiche karte ist regional-international . wir teilten uns als vorspeise eine riesige suppenterrine , auf deren umfang uns die bedienung freundlicherweise aufmerksam machte , als wir zwei davon bestellen wollten . als hauptspeise bestellten wir jeweils nudeln mit austernpilzen und seitlingen ; statt der austernpilze gab es aber shitake - dennoch nicht schlecht ! dazu tranken wir pils vom fass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren hier zum brunch - man sitzt nett mit blick auf den schlossgarten , das schloss und oder die oper . sehr nett . das ambiente ist eher seri\u00f6s ( passt nat\u00fcrlich auch zum geb\u00e4ude in dem sich das plenum befindet ) .. sprich es eignet sich nicht f\u00fcr familienbrunches mit mehreren kindern ( und mit wickelgelegenheiten sieht es auch nicht gut aus ) . wenn das wetter gut ist , kann man aber locker mit den kids mal raus und dort eine runde fange spielen - ebenso kann man dann auf der terasse sitzen . das buffet war reichlich in der auswahl und das essen habe ich als gut empfunden . schade war , dass es das angeschriebene schokoladenrisotto dann doch nicht gab ( h\u00e4tte zu gern gewusst , was es ist ) . fazit : mit anderen erwachsenen gerne wieder , aber mit anderen familien mit kids eher nicht .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein sch\u00f6ner sommerabend und eine sch\u00f6ne lokalit\u00e4t mit wunderbarer terrasse . nach dem essen hat es nicht mehr gewundert , warum die zahl der g\u00e4ste trotz dieser toplage relativ \u00fcberschaubar war . preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis war miserabel . ein zwiebelrostbraten , der medium bis rare bestellt war kam ziemlich durchgebraten , trocken und z\u00e4h an . der tafelspitz schmeckte fad und musste kr\u00e4ftig gew\u00fcrzt werden . die tagliatelle waren matschig weich , keine rede von al dente . einzig die gebratenen maultaschen f\u00fcr immerhin 11,50 \u20ac und der schweizer wurstsalat ( 9,90 \u20ac ) waren passabel.noch weit vor 22 uhr fing die weibliche bedienung an mit viel krach die tische und st\u00fchle f\u00fcr den feierabend zu richten . da f\u00fchlt man sich doch sehr deutlich zum gehen aufgefordert . auf nachfrage war allerdings nicht 22 uhr schlu\u00df ! ! bei der mittlerweile gro\u00dfen auswahl an restaurants mit terrasse werden wir dort wohl nicht mehr hingehen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das plenum wird zum geheimtip , das essen ist wirklich prima und der service sehr angenehm , wir waren \u00fcbrigens auch mal an einem sonntag zum brunch dort und sehr begeistert . riesenauswahl am buffet , tolles preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "restaurant ist h\u00fcbsch eingerichtet , allerdings ist das essen nichts besonderes und vor allem ziemlich \u00fcberteuert . uns ist es vor allem oft vorgekommen , dass bei bestellen einige personen einfach \u00fcbergangen wurden , was mal gar nicht geht .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "der ober hat uns sehr zuvorkommend behandelt . der blick auf den schlo\u00dfgarten und den sonnenuntergang war wundersch\u00f6n . das essen war gut . wir kommen wieder !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir wurden sehr freundlich empfangen und bekamen einen sch\u00f6nen tisch am fenster , die aussicht in den park und auf den kleinen see ist toll . obwohl das lokal gut gef\u00fcllt war , war der service schnell und angenehm entspannt und freundlich . die karte bietet interessante regionale , aber auch internationale gerichte . das essen war prima , alles hat geschmeckt und die portionen waren gut . wir kommen gerne wieder ins plenum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mittagsgerichte von der tageskarte , pasta und risotto waren vorgekocht und wieder aufgew\u00e4rmt : daher die pasta mit labriger konsistenz , die dar\u00fcber gesch\u00fcttete `` sauce bolognese '' ( text karte ) und der dar\u00fcber verteilte parmesan waren optisch auf rastst\u00e4ttenniveau ; kr\u00e4uter-risotto ohne biss mit breiiger note ; standardk\u00fcche ohne raffinesse auch auf anderen tellern ; unversch\u00e4mte preise beim wasser ( 1 flasche evian 6,20 eur ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sicher eines der besten brunch-buffets in stuttgart , gro\u00dfe auswahl an kalten und warmen vorspeisen , ein koch bereitet vor den augen der g\u00e4ste gerichte zu , fisch und fleisch als hauptgang sowie ein vegetarier-gericht , tolle desserts . sehr freundlicher service , und der blick vom restaurant in den park und auf den kleinen see ist herrlich . viel leistung f\u00fcrs geld ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 x oper in den letzten wochen und dadurch 2 x plenum in den letzten wochen direkt nach der oper ( 1,5min zu fu\u00df ) ist es im plenum dann doch etwas schwierig seine bestellung zu platzieren . das personal ist ( aus verst\u00e4ndlichen gr\u00fcnden ) kurz \u00fcberfordert . getr\u00e4nke speisen sind preislich im limit . die weinauswahl ist \u00fcberschaubar - daf\u00fcr befinden sich aber sehr gute weine auf der karte . abz\u00fcge in der b-note kommen zustande durch die k\u00fcrzlich bestellte k\u00e4seplatte . ich hatte die platte in ihrer gesamtheit als etwas lieblos empfunden - auch die auswahl der diversen k\u00e4se war wie soll ich sagen lieblos ? aber positiv war k\u00fcrzlich die tatsache , dass ich um 02:30uhr den kellner fragte , wann denn das lokal schliessen w\u00fcrde - die antwort lautete ... um 01:00uhr , aber trinken sie doch bitte noch in aller ruhe aus wir tranken in ruhe aus und ich gab reichlich trinkgeld : - ) fazit : tolle location , erst k\u00fcrzlich toll umgebaut , besonders bei nacht sehr sch\u00f6n dort zu sitzen ich geh wieder hin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time last week and was pleased . i arrived shortly before closing so i was the only there and got my food to go , but the food was great and the service was awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food ! fair prices and good portions . try all the sauces . brisket chili with rock your socks off . see ya again soon jimmys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure why the other reviews were so harsh . i enjoyed my experience . stopped in a few weeks back to pick up lunch . i decided on the plate with three meats because i wanted some leftovers . i actually did n't care for the brisket . i was there in the middle of the afternoon , and it seemed as if it had been sitting in the steam table for a long while . the mac and cheese was just so-so as well . however , i was blown away with the rest of my choices . the baked beans and ribs were both worth going back for . tasty corn bread as well . but what really blew me away was the smoked sausage . i want to eat it every day of my life ( if my waistline could afford it ) ! as far as the price , i felt it was on par with other bbq joints . the place is just getting it 's feet under it . give them a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty much everything we had on our plates was great . the parsley potatoes were kinda blah ... basically new potatoes straight from a can and had some butter and parsley added . but otherwise the rest of the meats and sides were great . there was also a regular customer in there who goes by the name `` larry '' . he was great for entertainment . a bit pricey ... but i have no problem paying a bit more for good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried jimmys for the first time . the pulled chicken , pulled pork , and brisket were fantastic . they may move into the regular `` take out dinner '' rotation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the white sauce for your fries ! ! ! ! the bbq was better than expected - ribs were good and the brisket was very tasty , although lots of fat . loved the sauces ( slap yo mama - fave ! ) and the fries were extra yummy . very nice surprise and friendly team - thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . i wish i 'd read these reviews . i had vsp and wanted to use an opthamologist instead of optometrist since i already had a prescription . one of the optometrists ( the female ) was concerned and attentive . she had me order glasses to check my high prescription . unfortunately , the three times i needed to return - the man was there . i can only explain his demeanor by calling it `` obsequious passive aggressive . '' he was not concerned with the glasses or prescription - had no idea what she was talking about . it was an in and out procedure , and he was just - not helpful . the glasses are not usable , with the lens not centered correctly - too bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for the optical service & office interior only . this is charlotte ophthalmology 's main office ... i 've been here one other time as a patient . today 's visit brought me here because i need new lenses in my glasses . i could go to their huntersville office , but their machine has been down - for almost a month or more . i am happy they have a machine on site , where in about 15-20 minutes , they can etch & place lenses in frames . it 's a friday morning & the lobby is pretty packed . they handle regular office visits , as well as perform lasik surgery & cosmetic procedures here . the office staff is extremely pleasant , as is the optomotrist , evelyn . the waiting area is a decent size . the office is in an older building , but the staff here try to make it look `` updated '' inside . luckily the time she stated fell in line with what it actually was . i was in & out in 20 minutes & the lenses are perfect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "understaffed . wait time to purchase clothes , lately , has become so incredibly long and painful ( only one register open ) . crappy , loud , music and a claustrophobic store layout only adds to the aggravation . their sales signs are sometimes vague and misleading ... so `` watch out '' ... check your receipt before you leave . : ( we liked the store at first but have come to realize the clothing is cheap in quality but still overpriced marked-up approx 500 percent . we can find similar stuff online without the pain of waiting in endless lines , so ... we give up trying to buy stuff here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is the height of cool ! the music pumps you up , especially while shopping and the staff is so friendly ! i love getting different t shirts from this place ; everything is so unique ! i also love how you can buy stuff like stuffed animals and bobble heads ! too cool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good prices on a lot of cool stuff . . the sweets and snacks were on sale 3 for 2 , bought some pizza flavored gamer grub here and it 's great . now i do n't have to eat all that greasy food whilst i pvp . great selection of cool stuff and friendly helpful staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am wayyyyy frugal so i love this place and pretty much any outlet store -- its happened on more than one occasion that i found something here discounted that was regular priced at the galleria or online . staff is usually friendly -- and although the store is not always at its cleanliessness lol -- i think it goes with the concept .. which i love ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "night manager was rude and unprofessional . yakking on personal phone calls on the sales floor rather then assisting customers ... was even rude to fellow employee who was actually helping the customers ! this woman is unbalanced and clearly suffering from some mental health issues . there is no way a person who verbally assaults others should be allowed to work in a retail setting ... .ever ! not to mention the threat this type of loose cannon individual poses to society in general . jeez , you walk into a place to spend some money on your kids and instead you get yelled at by some psycho ... .who turns out to be the manager ! it 's quite obvious to me , after what we witnessed tonight , that hot topic has some pretty low hiring standards for their management . no thanks ! i 'll spend my hard earned money elsewhere , a place where the customers needs actually matter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff here at this hot topic are all super friendly and really nice - eager to help and fun to talk bronies with . i will definitely be coming back to this hot topic when i 'm in vegas again . thank you for helping me spend money ! ! ! ! ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buy 1 get 2nd 50 % off entire store great deal . the staff is very nice and acknowledges you when you walk in . they have band t-shirts , goth attire , albums and sometimes we can find nightmare before christmas items too . though we did not find anything this time , we will be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lots of cool stuff is marked down here . i found a few cute pieces here like tank tops and even a cute dress . i do n't come in here looking for anything in particular , so i never know what i 'm going to find ! i do n't think i 've ever paid more than $ 10 for a piece of clothing here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars i would . hold on to your receipts even on refunds , if not you will be out of your money . i returned a pair of shorts and never got the money back credited to my account . so now i am without the shorts and money . talk to the manager she was completely unhelpful . even called customer service and the representative could n't even grasp the situation . i will never shop there again . so sad after decades of customer loyalty how this company is unwilling to find a resolution .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hot topic at the bells , ok it 's been awhile since i last step foot into a hot topic . funny years later and nothing has change , i do love this location though . super clearance wall and racks at the back of the store . yes , as usually some items are outdated and i did say to myself `` this should free '' but the other items were a bargain . like the bustier , various sizes and styles at 50 % off . got some really cute garter style fishnet stockings for $ 2.99 , a yolo wallet for $ $ 5.99 and a bustier w matching undies for $ 11.99 a total of $ 25.00 spent . i 'm not going to tell my age , but i 'll be back my little cousin 's 17th birthday is around the corner . its an outlet , its messy in there and very crowed w both non-english speaking tourist and very loud speaking english teenagers ... .just a questions , how much can you tolerate for a good bargain ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always love paint monkey ! we went here again ( but to the new location ) for a yelp event . they are always super accommodating and friendly . we painted little yelp symbols and everyone was super helpful . they even remembered me from the last time i was there ( like actually remembered the conversation we had ) ! you can not fake passion like that . this is a great company run by great people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new paint monkey space is amazing . it 's so big and bright and the walls are lined with paintings , making for some killer inspiration ! i 'm a regular at paint monkey and i really enjoy the experience . unlike painting with a twist , paint monkey is locally founded and locally owned . they also pre-draw your canvas so you have some guides to help you in your painting . with this little extra touch and joe 's expert teaching , anyone can feel like picasso ! i arranged for my work to come here for a holiday party and everyone had a blast and many of them were hoping to come back again with their friends or children . the studio is byob so i brought some wine , had market district shadyside deliver some catering and we had a real party painting the `` happy little trees '' inspired by bob ross .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob ross would be proud of my crew ! we had such a fun time at paint monkey . the ladies and gentleman running the show we 're super friendly and accommodating tonight . i 've been to other places like this and i love paint monkey 's set up and operation . other places i 've been to have been very cramped and had strict rules . this place has a lot of space and you have a lot more freedom . i definitely recommend this location if you 're looking for something fun to do with your friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a fun place ! they draw the picture on the canvas so that everything comes out perfect ! it was cool to be able to change the colors and make the painting my own instead of following every step the instructor showed , like at other places", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to paint monkey a couple years back for a friends bachelorette party and we all had such a great time ! the owners are awesome and make the guests at your event have an awesome time . just this past february my boyfriend and myself went to a couples night and we had an amazing time . it was my boyfriends first time there and he has been asking me when we can go back . it 's a nice relaxing atmosphere and we always have a good time . ca n't wait to go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to paint monkey for the black light sugar skull painting session and had a blast . it was very well organized and the staff was super helpful . you ca n't beat byob especially with a wine and spirits a few shops down ! i am not artistic at all but this class made it possible to have some fun making art ! i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike baranowski at spellbound is beyond incredible . he 's been styling my hair for 5 years , and i 've never met another hairstylist as thorough , visionary , meticulous , and passionate as he is . i 've been all over toronto with myriad different hairstylists , and since i met mike , i have had no desire to see anyone else - i know he is the best it gets . i would trust him to style my hair with my eyes closed ! mike is specifically exceptional with blondes - my natural dark brown hair was dyed to a light honey brown nearly a year ago , and it has been the easiest , funnest , and most rewarding experience ever . i look at my hair and giggle every day . if you 're looking for exceptional creativity , professionalism , experience , support , and dedication , mike baranowski at spellbound is the creme de la creme .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time at this salon . got a haircut done by mike . he did a really good job . just as i wanted . he is nice and friendly . i will definitely go here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike b has been cutting my hair for years now . he is very experienced in a variety of techniques . every time i 've sent a friend to him , they 've loved the cut colour . spellbound is a gorgeous , modern salon with fun and upbeat staff . my favourite products for sale are the milkshake leave-in conditioner ( smells like a milkshake ! ) by z.one , paul mitchell super skinny serum and the awapuhi shampoo . all three products have been a godsend in this dry winter . mike 's cuts are always well sculpted . he uses amazing colours from paul mitchell that are n't found in a lot of toronto salons . i would n't want to get my hair done anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a good deal on a haircut and found spellbound via dealfind . instead of purchasing the coupon , i called up and they were willing to price match the advertised services for the same discounted price . stepped in and the place was very quiet for a sat afternoon . dimitry was the stylist who was assigned to me and he was very chatty and lovely . the wash that he gave me was not as good as i would like but the haircut was fantastic . i was very pleased with the results especially for the price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to spellbound several times as a walk in and as an appointment for a wash and style and i have never been disappointed . dmitry washes and styles my hair and it turns out nicely every single time . my hair is medium length , thick , curly and definitely not easy to style but dmitry makes it into a dream . their hair products smell really good , their prices are definitely reasonable and i appreciate the friendliness and hospitality they show me every single time i come back . i am definitely coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dye job . gave me exactly what i wanted . even though dying asian hair is crazy difficult when aiming for ash blonde . the balayage was flawless . carlos was very meticulous and friendly . great professional suggestions for styles and how to maintain hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike at spellbound is the only stylist i trust to work on my hair . i 've been going to him for years and have never been disappointed . the hair colour products are amazing and my hair has never been healthier . i love getting the pm shines . great product selection available to buy as well ! i love the milkshake leave in conditioner and use it every day . prices are affordable and you 'll always leave satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to carlos for about 7 years now and he takes such good care of me . he has to ability to create styles that are low maintenance ( wash and go ) . so happy you have a location downtown and markham . thanks and see you soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited the salon for the first time today ! dimitry was the stylist who was assigned to me . he was very good at his job ; he consulted me first and took extra care in cutting my hair . this is actually one of the best haircuts i 've had in the past few years ! the other staff were also very nice . also , he did n't try to sell me products which is something that i find many salons do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved back into the area , this time without a gym in my condo building . area fitness is close by and offers exactly what i need . it 's small , friendly and not too busy . i have only taken advantage of the machines and weights so far , but they also offer cycling and yoga classes i look forward to checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like area fitness because you are n't tied into any contracts , you can choose if you want a membership for the classes or for just the equipment or both . i 've taken the spin class as well as the yoga class and i enjoyed both . i also come with my trainer and just pay her drop in fee , if i go in before 5pm it 's not busy which is great . the prices are also very reasonable and it 's a great location for me ! the only downside is if you buy the 10 class pass , it 's just stored in their computer so it 's a bit hard to remember how many you 've used without them checking in their system .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got back from taking both the spin and yoga class at area fitness . the classes were great and the instructors were even better ! in particular , connie was incredible . i have taken yoga classes in the past but always found myself bored and staring at the clock . the class she taught today was phenomenal . even being a beginning , i was able to keep up with the class and connie helped me with some of the various positions to ensure i had proper form . her energy is awesome . i will definitely come back for her classes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfectly situated between the distillery district and the st. lawrence market , this boutique gym is well equipped and friendly . owner trainer connie cornelius treats each client as an individual - there is no one-size-fits-all attitude here . she is also wonderfully encouraging and certainly showed me i could do more than i thought . the yoga classes are also excellent . two fitter thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "naylor solar is the best . have used them twice and nothing but great results . last visit was with crew . he explained everything in detail and gave recommendations to improve my system . i will be using them again . thanks guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service for installation of my pool solar on my roof was excellent . they were on time , and left the area clean afterwards . the crew also explained how to work the solar system before they left . great communication from the owner . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am pleased with this company . terry always responds the messages , his crew adrienne and mamba are good and professional . highly recommend this firm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went with naylor when we put in the pool 9 years ago , and every year it 's been worth it . i 've had to call them to do minor repairs to the stuff on the roof 2 , maybe 3 times over the years , and they 're usually out there getting everything working within about a day . great company , great product , great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't like leaving bad reviews , but i have to mention what happened when i ordered naylor solar . yes , they are busy , so i had to wait for a month to get panels installed , which is fine . after the panels were placed on my roof i patiently waited for the pool water to heat up , which they said might take four days as the weather was already nice . as weeks went by , the water was not changing in temperature , i started worrying and called them back . the owner did come by promptly the next day just to tell me that his workers installed the flow valve backwards and forgot to turn it on . so nothing was happening to my water for three weeks after the installation ! how inappropriate ! i want compensation !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "naylor solar is the best . they installed a system on my home 7 years ago and it works great . a few water leaks , here and there from wind and sun , but nothing that a quick call to naylor did not resolve . i agree there is sometimes a wait to get terry out , but a few drips of water out to wait for the best in town is not an issue . i guess folks that complain about `` waiting '' do n't deal with the best or the most honest usually as they are always scheduled out . several of my neighbor installed , about the same time , the ring style and the rubber hose lines and most have removed as they rot out in the vegas heat and sun . naylor is recommended and i have given his name to many , all that without any one calling me back unsatisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here . the place is clean and simple . whenever i call in ( we only do 'take out ' here ) there are people eating inside . shows me that people like it here . the place is small , a tiny 'hole in the wall ' type place , but great . i do agree with one other reviewer though . the owner does over charge for things like soda , drink refills , bowls of rice . otherwise , enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to come here regularly for pick-ups when i lived in the area ... and have always found the food good , the lady behind the counter unfriendly , the decor an eyesore ( one of the reasons why i never ate in ) and the harsh florescent lighting makes the surrounding even more unpleasant . we 've tried numerous items on their menu and have always gone back for the bbq chicken , the pad see yew and the red curry . the food is consistently good and the service consistently poor . if only they would change a few minor things ( like their lighting & attitude ) they could have a very successful restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst apartments i have ever stayed in ... ... pipes were infested with spiders ... . bugs all over the place and the management did n't do a damn thing ! i wouldnt recommend thesevapartments to anyone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the old page for this apartment complex . my review was moved to their new page .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after living in texas for almost 4 years , i have to say it does n't get much more authentic . food is excellent , portion size is very generous , and being that this is their 3rd location i 'd say they have it pretty well figured out . we 've been there on three occasions and the food has been just as good each time . only reason they did n't get 5 stars was the pitcher of margaritas that we shared was a little weak . i 'd recommend them as the best mexican in lake county . i 've had the rest and the closest is el charitto in wickliffe , but never been as good as this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i 'm giving 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the ayce taco 's on tuesdays . the tacos are good , not great , but how can you pass on ayce taco 's ... i had ten , and between my table of four , we had 43 . and i think it was only $ 6.99 or $ 7.99 for an order . otherwise the food is average at best , but it could be worse . i have been satisfied both times i have gone , and i 'm sure i 'll be back in the future because it 's so close to home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my hubby and i checked this place out after voting . it was ... .a little strange . we walked in and saw we had happened to show up on unlimited tacos for 6.99 night . score ! however , then the waitress came and brought us chips and salsa ... .and ranch ? ... .oh eastlake . you little scoundrel . anyway , we laughed it off , but were more puzzled when our waitress brought an additional bowl of chips when we hadnt ordered any . anyway , we both went with tacos , and were moderately disappointed . they were okay , but pretty bland , basically meat and lettuce in a shell . i mean , for the price point , the tacos being slimmed down makes sense , but they were pretty flavorless , which i do n't think is okay . i do n't know . i ordered a margarita , which was good , and the staff was nice . i would give this place another chance and try something else , but i was pretty underwhelmed , as was my husband .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "checked this place out for a quick mexican fix the other day . service was fast and their pricing was right . they brought the regular chips and salsa and then some sour cream ranch tasting dip . it was good but i preferred the salsa . i had the chicken enchiladas supreme , they were good but not over the top . he had the california burrito , it was huge , for $ 9.75 it took up the entire oblong plate . he said it was amazing . topped it off with a 32oz dos equis for $ 5 and i had a margarita on the rocks , not bad . overall it was good but the other mexican spots in the area have it beat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tonight was my first and last experience at jalisco . the order was incorrect , the food was mediocre at best , the service super slow and no crayons for the kids . i 'll stick to el rodeo in mentor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food but crummy service . this is food for the regular citizens , as real hardcore mwxican fare will not go over well in eastlake . if you want real , authentic , hardcore , go to lamexicana in painseville . i want the waitresses back as the waiters do not care about the customers . i did not get a napkin and the table was streaked with a dirty towel . i ordered the tuesday taco special which was quite tasty , but i waited for my third plate of tacos , ( 3 to a plate ) and waited for a half hour until leaving without my tacos . i left no tip for being ignored . i 'll give it one more try , but that is all . they all know english , but not how to wait on american customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new mexican restaurant that just opened this past weekend . describing it as a-ok would be a pretty accurate description . the food was just okay but not amazing , margarita not great , salsa was so-so . service was slow but i blame that on this being their second night open . our server was friendly , but clearly stressed . it was never a very attractive restaurant ( in it 's previous restaurant lives ) and the new lime and yellow walls did n't really help with that situation . oh well . it 's so close that i 'm quite sure we 'll be back . hopefully this is a place that can grow on me ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the better mexican restaurants in town . they have great staff and unlimited chips salsa . they did just ad a deck which is nice to have drink and cigar . there driveway does need some work its like war zone a little bit . the have tiny bar and need more vodka . the food has always been wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "average mexican joint most times , last visit was disappointing . chips were crazy stale and no one came back to let them know . $ 2 for a soda is a bit pricey for this type of place . had the pollo encremado which is grilled chicken in a sour cream sauce with onions and mushrooms . asked for guacamole which is n't included with the $ 10 meal and that added another $ 3 and the guac had way too many onions in it . i do n't think i will go back , el palenque on vine is way better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not bad ! they offer a variety of foods , typical at any mexican place . nothing extra special . beans and red sauce are a little more runny than preferred and i wish the burritos were topped with a queso sauce rather than shredded cheese . they need some extra love in their food ! a little pricey but not super expensive . it 's a cute place and i may go back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried this tuesday ( all you can eat tacos ) food was indeed very bland even salsa had no kick at all . the margarita was good but really just like every other average margarita . but for $ 6.99 all you can eat i guess the tacos could have been worse . service was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "favorite mexican place in the area ! they have great food , prices , and the service is usually above average ! they bring 2 salsas , i do n't care for the white salsa , but it 's a nice variety ! they have great drink specials ! since i found this place , this is the only mexican place i will eat at while in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would only go to sit on the patio if i ever returned and hopefully have a better tasting margarita than last time w chips and salsa . the lime on the rocks marg was ehhh tasted mostly like mix . i ordered a combination dinner along with my husband who had the same view on the food as i , which was the beef was very tomato tasting ; like italian mexican food , weird . the service was great nice people bummer about the food . i hate to keep on going , but i got ta say ... . what 's up with the house sauce they serve with the chips and salsa . i had to ask the server about it . i guess it 's a mayo based dip . but what i feel is that the sauce is wasted more than consumed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice ; i enjoyed myself both times and my friend did n't voice any complaints either . it 's okay food and the prices are reasonable . i would definitely suggest it to someone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was kind of a neat find for me , personally . well at first . i 've been to a sister restaurant about 90 miles away several times since the day it opened over a decade ago . same signage , same exact menu ... .. pros : food comes out fast . menu is extensive . guac is good . queso dip is good . ridiculously large portions cons : there 's nothing mexican about the staff or the feel here . not like in salem , oh . waitress was not very attentive at all . the quality of the entrees was a subpar . the dishes seemed `` right '' but not right ... like maybe i got someone 's leftovers reheated . all in all , though , if you are hungry and want the kind of mexican food that will stick to your ribs and make you feel horrible about your life choices ... .this might be hte place for you . if you want a actual good meal and want to feel like you are getting even a smidge of mexican culture ... ... do n't .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "once very good . last visit we got burned shells and bland food . might have been because it was margarita night , but service was awful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "does not honor their own coupons from entertainment book and brings glasses overflowing sticky and messy had to ask for towels so i could wipe up mess myself let you know how the food tastes when i 'm done", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly staff with a variety of mexican food . we go for the large frozen margaritas which are buy one get one for a penny on wednesdays -- muy delicioso ! an eclectic setting but the staff are very responsive , quick to take orders , and the food comes sizzling hot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every tuesday is all you can eat tacos for 6.99 the food is fresh and authentic and the staff are warm and friendly this place is great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sunday afternoon and everything was 5 stars ! the excellent service , an attentive waiter , wonderful food ! the waiter refilled our drinks , gave us another basket of chips , was friendly and the food was fresh and great . i had gotten the quesadilla de fajita camarones . others in my party were well-impressed too ( altho surprised that the pork was whole , like a roast , rather than shredded ) . was so happy . sunday eve and everything was 1 star ! the service was non-existant , the waitress seemed like she did n't care at all , never refilled our drinks , no more chips , and the food was subpar . i had gotten the enchilladas acapulco and there was hardly any shrimp and everything was swimming in the red sauce . we had to ask another waiter for boxes and our bill . others in my party did n't even want to take their leftovers home . was so sad . am willing to give them another chance only because the first time was so exceptional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we rented tuxedo 's for my brother 's wedding from rose tuxedo . fantastic quality , service , & price . our whole party was extremely happy with the result . i spoke to a friend who was married just a few months ago , who rented tux 's from another business ( not rose ) . our tux 's ( from rose ) looked better , had 2 additional days of rental ( we did n't have to pick-up return within a 24 hour period ) , and were about 50 % less in price . i 'm even purchasing a suit from rose -- their prices are fantastic ! i highly recommend rose tuxedo to anyone & everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible business . stay far far away 1 . the price did not match the advertised price . 2 . lost the tux when we went to pick it up . then tried to charge me more money ! ! ! 3 . the tux did not fit . way too big 4 . the owner was beyond rude ! ! ! ! incredibly unprofessional and talked bad about his previous customers . i was in shock at what he said and what he truely thinks about consumers . he revealed a lot ! he clearly does not appreciate your hard earned money . trust me you are better off going anywhere else . i promise you will enjoy your special event a million times better if you stay clear of this rose 's tuxedo shop in mesa . at rose 's tuxedo you get what you pay for . ... .a cheap looking tux and crapy service . stay away.. stay away . stay away . stay away .stay away.. stay away . stay away . stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place had an amazing price of only $ 69.99 for our tuxedos . they also has exactly the colors and look we wanted . my groomsmen and our father 's tux 's were perfect . however , when my husband arrived at our venue and put on his tux , he noticed it had not been dry cleaned from the previous person who wore it . it smelled soooo bad of b.o . and cheap cologne . the side pant pocket was completely ripped open and one of the cufflinks was broken . it smelled so bad , my poor husband threw them in the sink at the hotel and tried scrubbing it clean before the wedding . i told the owner hoping maybe i 'd get some sort of money back . nothing . instead he blamed it on the dry cleaner and said it was n't b.o. , it was the chemical they used to clean it . it clearly was b.o. ! ! it was right in the armpits ! ! i wanted my husband 's tux to be perfect , and here his was the crappiest one out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great staff and customer service ! i would call before you go ... their hours were different than what is on yelp . very reasonably priced too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just went with my boyfriend to return his tuxedo today since we will be leaving town early tomorrow . unfortunately , they were closed and we arrived at 4:10 pm but online it says store hours are until 5:00 pm . we do n't live on this side of town either..very upset we had wasted our time . i personally can not stand false advertisement for businesses and hours . it 's very unprofessional !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we purchased a tux here today and had an amazing experience . the service was wonderful and the value was outstanding . highly recommend to anybody looking to purchase a tuxedo or needs a rental . the owner has been doing this for 30 years and is very knowledgeable and delightful to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the men in my wedding ceremony rented their tux 's and suites from here . the people working here are very nice and the rentals are fairly priced . i would recommend people go here rather than an expensive men 's wearhouse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to get a tux or suit . i love that it is locally owned . the owner and his staff are personable and committed to making their clients ( even the hard to fit customers ) look great . so glad we found rose tuxedo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in here needing a tux for my wedding . i expected a lengthy session of `` now try this on '' with ugly suits . i was greeted with a decent selection of good looking tuxedos with all the accessories needed . all in all it took maybe 30 minutes from walking in to walking out . i now have a stylish tux for my wedding at a good price . will use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . nice selection . if everything runs smoothly with my rentals this place will get 5 stars easy . ill keep everyone posted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience here at rose tuxedos . the owner mark was very honest and helpful when we were selecting suits for my wedding . i feel like mark treated us like family and took very good care of us . we are now loyal customers and came back for prom suits for my son and his friends . great service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came to this location to get my husbands tuxedo for our wedding . when we walked in we were politely greeted by a nice man who walked us through the entire process . he explained the different types of tuxedos and which ones were the most popular . he left no unanswered questions and gave us some of the up most professional service that we have ever had . if we ever need a tuxedo rental this is for sure where we will be going . oh and by the way we walked out paying around $ 90 , cant beat that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a barber shop , man style . complete with swirling barber pole out front . wall-to-wall flat panels showing espn in hd , and other sports . was great to see part of the world series tonight surrounded by gangsta types all getting their fades and lines . all i needed was the beer and dogs . well maybe not . that would n't have gone so good with the little bits of hair flying all over as the clippers buzzed away . seriously , get your bling on . need help ? danny's 's got it for ya .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never had a problem with this place till today..told the guy who sits at the end of the store to give me a low fade . this idiot didnt even use scissors to clean the top ... all he used are clippers..dont call urself a barbershop if ur employee dont even know how to cut hair ! i want my god damn money back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "passing in town , my dad wanted to trim his beard and the barber took us in w no appointment and did an excelent job - according to my father . friendly environment and great service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming for a few years and always aaa service and 5 star quality barbering skills !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always get my hair cut here . every one of the barbers is really good . i have never had a problem with any hair cut . what i ask for is what i get . i usually get a taper but ive seen the fades and mohawks that these guy do and they are real clean . very friendly service and good quality work and only 13 bucks ! couldnt ask for anything more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the barbers at danny 's barbershop pay attention to detail and even provide a discount for grand canyon university students . it 's a traditional barbershop with a friendly atmosphere . i highly recommend danny 's barbershop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great haircuts at affordable prices . danny 's barbershop keeps the old fashion barber trade alive , while keeping the haircuts up to date and in style . it 's a friendly and family oriented environment . all the barbers are good and consistent in their work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danny 's barber shop does a great job , and i 'm always pleased when i leave . the barbers take their time and make sure you 're happy when you walk out their door . the prices are really good too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to the shop with my husband to get his hair cut . joe rodriguez cut his hair and did a great job ! thank you for excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this place since 2005 , i love the service . the guys know the newsest hair styles and have a friendly attitude . every time i come by , i catch up on sports ir news , espn , cnn , mlb . i like that i do n't have to wait long . they move the line pretty quick and it does n't make a difference which barber takes care of me , they are all very good . they do nice tapers , mo hawks , fades , scissor cuts . they use elctric shavers on the fades that makes the skin extra short and makes the cut last a few more days . they finsh you up with the hot shaving cream and a straight razor . the best part of the the hair cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for a few months now ... only $ 10 on tuesdays if you show your student id card , you ca n't beat that price for the quality and consistency of haircuts i 've been getting . i will definitely keep going back and i have been recommending this place to my friends . the only thing i do n't like about this place , is that they have huge mirrors , but they turn you in the opposite direction during the entire haircut ( to watch the tv ) . but it would be nice to be able to see during my haircut so i could ask for adjustments if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new barber and finally found one . the barber joe rodriguez at danny 's barber shop is very professional , does an amazing job and is very easy to talk to . if anyone is looking for a change or a new barber i highly joe at this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un voyage pour les sens ... quel pur plaisir que d'acheter ses \u00e9pices de la plus haute qualit\u00e9 , et de les moudre soi-m\u00eame \u00e0 la maison ! j'ai presque vers\u00e9 une larme de joie la premi\u00e8re fois que j'ai go\u00fbt\u00e9e \u00e0 ma cannelle fra\u00eeche ... rien \u00e0 voir avec la poussi\u00e8re vendue en \u00e9picerie ! j'aime particuli\u00e8rement le volet \u00e9ducation de cette boutique , c'est tout \u00e0 fait fascinant . j'adore savoir d'o\u00f9 vient l'\u00e9pice ( ils ne sont pas `` chasseurs d'\u00e9pices `` pour rien ! ) , comment les utiliser , les particularit\u00e9s ... j'ai l'impression d'entrer dans la caverne d'ali baba quand je visite cette mignonne boutique . on ne peut pas aller au march\u00e9 jean-talon sans s'y arr\u00eater !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get two stores for the price of one , here -- an olives olive oil shop + a spice shop . the selection of olive oils is impressive , and all , but the real reason to visit has to do with the herbs , seasonings , and spices , namely ethn\u00e9 and philippe de vienne 's extraordinary line of `` \u00e9pices de cru . '' the name 's no gimmick . their line of spices are carefully sourced around the world by the owners themselves , and they 're of the very highest order . seriously , olives & \u00e9pices may be the very best spice shop in north america -- it 's certainly in the running . even spices as commonplace as cumin can be extraordinary here ( do n't believe me ? try their syrian cumin ) . there 's no question that these `` \u00e9pices de cru '' are also generally much more expensive than the ones you find in supermarkets and bulk stores , but the quality is incomparable , and a little goes a long way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now this is a cool spice store . yes it may not be the cheapst you will find ( but the prices are fair ) , but the staff is so so friendly and welcoming and helpful . great selection in a very organized for its like a library of spices.i loved that its close to a metro the fact it is inside j-t market is just an added bonus : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not speak more highly of this shop and arik who helped us while there . my wife and i were exploring jean-talon this grey weekend in montreal and as an avid home cook , i found myself into this spice shop . coming from nyc and the magic that is kalustyan 's , i was n't expecting too much . well i was blown away . basically a library of spices from around the world with many that i have never even heard of before . arik was extremely helpful and helped me decide between dried kaffir lime leaves and kaffir lime peel , this kind of knowledege is not too common in the spice stores i 've been to . we spent a while talking with arik about different spices and his families ' trips and were very impressed . while i 'm sad that this market and arik 's knowledge are more than a 6 hour drive away , my wallet ( and pantry space ) is probably better off . oh wait , they have a website you can order from , back to the drawing board .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un endroit extraordinaire et unique qui offre des \u00e9pices , herbes et th\u00e9s de tr\u00e8s haute qualit\u00e9 . allez voir leur site web et vous comprendrez .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have ordered several different spice kits and shared them with friends around the world . the staff are outstanding at finding the best matches for different types of people , even with some of the most challenging questions . i do n't think anyone knows more than marika about teas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i placed an online order through their spicetrekkers.com website , and it arrived quickly . the prices are good for the quantity , quality and rarity ( seriously ) of their offerings . i placed a second order today on their epices de cru website because the spicetrekkers site was broken . i found more spices i simply had to have . the epices de cru site is in french , and if you click on `` english '' , it sends you to the spicetrekkers website . if you are a serious foodie you wo n't find the french language website that hard to navigate . i did fine , and i had exactly one semester of french in the third grade . `` bonjour madame ! le chat est noir . le chat est sur le table ... '' i rated this as pricey because you will pay more than grocery store prices either online or probably in the store . but you definitely get all you pay for , so it 's still good value . it just ai n't dollar store pricing -- that 's all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love to cook as much as you love to eat out , this is your spot to discover new spices . the staff is immensely knowledgable and creative in their suggestions . try the quebec herb blend , mexican rub , apicius and shichimi togarashi . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. rupert and his staff at robinson smiles are the best ! every time i go for an appointment they get me in right on time with no waiting . the staff can not be more friendly and are very knowledgable . it 's obvious that they take a lot of care in their work . i will definitely be a patient for life with the many great experiences i 've had with their office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time today and i can honestly say it 's been my best experience i have had at the dentist in years . the staff was great and i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to a wonderful dentist in mcmurray for many years . i moved about 30 minutes away from him but still made the drive because i loved his staff and him ! he retired , so i decided to stop making the drive and try out a dentist that was very close to my house . i went a few times to another dentist at this location , but then he retired , although i was not aware . the next time i went i met dr. rupert and his staff and was pleasantly surprised . i have never waited more than 5 minutes to be seen . everyone that works at robinson township smiles is extremely friendly and personable . they always seem to remember what we discussed the last time i was there and ask me about it when i return 6 months later . the office is warm and inviting with lots of windows . awesome place and close to home ! if i could convince my husband to go to the dentist i 'd send him here as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and professional team across the entire office , nice amenities , and high quality practice . i am very pleased to be a customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place ! everyone was so nice . the dental hygienist take their time and do a great job . they do a variety of dental work . definitely consider them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone here is great ! it is a friendly , nice environment where you do n't have to `` hate '' going to the dentist . every time i have gone , everyone was very nice and made my experience happy and pain free . definitely would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not rent ! ! this place is horrible it looks nice but so not worth it . 1 . only got one parking space 2 . my sisters car got towed within a month of being here because there was n't any parking space available 3 . when we went to complain they did n't seem to care 4 . they charged us $ 200 non-refundable to make sure the apartment was clean and everything was working but it was n't clean & things like the trash dispenser were broken & the sinks were clogged with hair 5 . and they charge for sewage and trash on top of the $ 800 two bedroom apartment , where front doors do n't close & inside doors creek ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to live here , infact , it was one of my very first apartments , and i have to say ... as appealing as the apartments were at the time of the tour , the cost and experience of living there was totally not worth it . the staff in the office was crap . lazy , and unwilling to help with any problem that arose . almost like they just did n't care ? and anytime we did have a problem , it took them forever to get someone in maintenance over to fix it . our hot water heater went out , and was out for 4 days before someone came to fix it . thanks for the cold showers guys ! our oven stopped working and it took them a week to come over and fix it . on top of all that , the complex is very loud and full of careless party animals . definitely would never recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we moved into st. croix after our old apartments decided to raise the rent to high . we only left because of a family emergency . when i asked my fiance if he could think of any complaints , we both shrugged . st. croix was a nice apartment ! the layout of the 2 bed 2 bath was the reason we fell in love ! the management was always nice . we could n't call for maintenance because of our work and worries about the fur baby , but that was our choice . we did n't need to call for much though ! the neighbors were pretty nice and even though it 's right by the highway , the noise was n't too bad . i would definitely live here again and would recommend it to anyone if they wanted to live in the area ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "st. croix apartments , where they insisted on doing the right thing , did n't send a final bill , gets a letter from the debt collector , charges me for carpet cleaning do to pets ? when i had no pets . thank god to be taking care of this and getting them out of my hair and life forever . worst apartment complex and management i 've ever dealt with . hope you 're happy with my free money . cause at this point i 'll do anything to get you out of here . i wish i could give them no stars honestly . whatever you do do n't go here ... turn around ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lived here for a year , i completed my lease and left . was n't bad for the price , but those were being raised as i left . i lived in the very front first building and almost never went into the mid or back of appts but plenty of break ins happened when i lived there , even to my down stairs neighbor . the office was nice but the surroundings in and out of complex are n't the best . the gates and security are n't what they are made out to be . decent but you can find better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what is this place ? went there last night with friends and will not return . wine is mediocre , waiter was inattentive , no food other than weird crackers and cold hot dogs . prices are outrageous . they said we could order from the pizza place but it was closed . on a brighter note the hostess was very nice . my wife and i had a hot dog , a couple crackers and some wine and dropped $ 100 . ca n't understand the great reviews on this place but if this is your thing go for it and enjoy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a must see . the environment is incredible and the staff is even better . great place to hang out and meet friendly people . ask for a sample of the breakfast wine . it 's like a mimosa but better . we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people that work here are awesome and very welcoming.. we were greeted immediately . after we told the young lady that greeted us that we were just looking around she still treated us as we were paying customers . told us about how the establishment works . the live entertainment and their wine . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just happened by this place on the way to 12 west ( new taproom in gilbert ) . stopped in to see what it was like and incredibly friendly young lady gave us a little background ; shared some of the samplings available and before you know it , we were sitting in the sunny patio area enjoying some `` breakfast wine '' and a hotdog . : ) they do n't serve food ( sans hotdogs obviously ) but said you can bring in your own if you want . how cool is that ? had to recommend it to our friends while we were still sitting there ; would be a great place to hang out and enjoy the az winter and wine with friends . also would bring any out of town guests here ! glad its in the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad this cute spot opened up in an equally cute agritopia ! ! just what the area needs ! ! while the wine selection is somewhat small at the moment ( particularly for all you fellow dry white wine people out there ) , i 'm excited for all the potential to come out of this wine bar . location is perfect , with such close proximity to lots of food options ( that i believe you can get delivered ? ! ? ! is this heaven ? ) ambiance is versatile for a cute date night or girls night or well ... anything . ca n't wait to come back to try more as this place will surely grow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local az wine , awesome friendly staff and the best new patio in gilbert ! ! bring in your own food to go with the great wine and kick back and relax in agritopia ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "opening weekend . usual troubles but the place is way cool and the primotivo is delish ! the pizza place and grill will iron out the extra biz and be prepared to serve the extra customer load but the wines are award-winning local wines - the ambiance is fantastic and the patio is very comfortable . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch , had heard about garage east and was excited to check it out . great people , great service , fun different wines and new wine options to experience , wow ... . great . a friend and i each had a hot dog ( yes is the answer ! ) and had some crazy chops that were super tasty . loved the food , the wine , the local focus ... . what else could you ask for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe 3 1 2 or 4 . good berbera blend and the reckoner r. the barbera is better , full skies more like a cab . atmosphere is ok , semi bland , took a while to place an order cause someone comes over but that 's fine . have a beer next door and come here for a glass of vino . maybe a brownie to go . salute ' !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to hang out - casual atmosphere and great wines ! megan and brian are terrific ... as are the others who work there . this will be one of our 'local ' hangout places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really cool wine bar with a relaxing vibe and amazing staff . the wines were excellent . everyone was friendly , attentive and excited to provide us with an experience , not just typical good service . we loved it and we will be back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . very friendly and relaxing atmosphere . you can bring in your own food or get food from one of their on site restaurants . nice selection of arizona wines . they have lots of umbrellas and heaters . they say they will be adding misters for the summer . i can not say enough good things about the employees , they were all amazing , helpful and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow awesome place . great location and super nice owners who just want the visitors to feel at home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great arizona wines , fires out front when it 's cold . ambiance is perfect for gilbert ... local , comfortable and fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got to be the coolest new place in gilbert to hang out with friends and have a glass of wine . the atmosphere is fun and comfortable . i have been a few times now the owners and staff are always there , hanging out , and doing all they can to make sure the experience is great . the outside area has fires and strong heaters so its even comfortable when it 's chilly outside . the wine was really good . i normally love cabs , but they had a blend that rivaled any good napa cab . i would definitely recommend this place for a fun place to go with friends to just hang out with no pressure to hurry up and `` free up space '' like alot of places . we even got food from the other cool spots around there and brought it over there to eat and hang out . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's not a restaurant that serves the typical commercial fare wine and food . it 's like you 're stepping right into an artisan wine makers shop . there 's nothing else like it in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have great wine and lots of innovative creations . just recently they did ros\u00e9 pops . perfect for summer . they have live music some nights . the staff is friendly and competent . located in barnone which is great to walk through and spend time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing wine in a laid back environment with friendly staff . and how awesome is the hotdog cart ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been to garage east several times now . just had the 'all of it dog ' with some oscar breakfast wine . it 's outstanding . so is the new syrah wine . the wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love garage east ! they have a nice selection of wines but they are a bit pricey ( $ 11+ ) . definitely not a place where you have a `` couple '' glasses . the environment is great and the hot dogs are delicious ( they better be for $ 6 ! ) . we love sitting outside during the winter season with the fire . definitely a place to relax after a long week of work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sunday funday ... love this place ! great little neighborhood winery that has an eclectic feel . great place to escape for `` unsanctioned '' wine , jokes and games . i will for sure be back as regulars and bring my girl friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the syrah is to die for ! ! ! the staff is amazing & personable plus the patio is incredible with fire pits + blankets when it 's cold . pro tip : try the breakfast wine on a warm day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this little gem ... everyone that works here is amazing ... .the wine is amazing and for a quick bite the food is so great ... .they all remember you and truly act happy to see you.. its like coming home every single visit ... the rose wine is my new favorite ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool place , the owners and staff are incredibly nice ! the wine is a tad pricier than i expected but the happy hour takes care of that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great new wine bar in the new barnone development at agritopia ! tasty bar snacks and delicious local az wines . tried the tempranillo from willcox , az , the crazy chips , and the all of it hot dog . all were delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , great wine , and great service ! the crazy chips are so good and the hotdog is chicago style so it 's fully loaded ( and delicious ) . harley gave us such great service and recommendations , we 're glad he put up with us : ) thanks for a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful spot with great wine and delicious hotdogs ! delicious arizona wines from garage east ! we loved the ros\u00e8 and the breakfast wine available on the weekends was fabulous ! pretty sure that was the best hot dog i have ever had too ! what a beautiful spot to hangout", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service , the kindest staff and when we arrived we had just finished riding miles with the kids on their bikes and no where in barnone had something a child could drink ( tea or kombucha ) were our only options outside and i was able to grab a quick snack for our starving kids and get a great glass of wine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love this place ! we usually bring in our own food but i 've tried the snacks they offer and they are yummy also . the wines are a bit pricey but they are delicious . definitely worth checking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't really sure what to expect , but this place exceed whatever expectations i had ! it 's comfortable and unpretentious . we popped our heads in just to check it out and wound up staying for lunch . the high quality hot dog with all the fixings was gone before i knew what happened . the crazy chips are crazy good ! definitely a great place to gather . i 'll be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out for the first time on new year 's eve and it was awesome ! great atmosphere and it was so relaxing . they had live music and fire pits going ( for warmth and for s'mores ) . the owner and workers were super nice and made great suggestions on the wine selection . the `` crazy chips '' are a must get ! all in all a perfect place to relax , chill and have a great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . great service . great time . i 'm not a wine connoisseur , not even a little bit , but whatever our friends ordered was fantastic . helpful right ? we ordered from fire and brimstone next door , sipped on wine , and had a great double-date with friends . this is a very unique place in the valley and a must stop for anyone who likes to relax and sip on some fermented grapes ... or other creations that they serve !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in not knowing what to expect but from the road it looked intriguing.. after a fabulous sparkling breakfast wine we ordered the crazy chips , not knowing what to expect . after eating it we decided it was the good kind of crazy . not the kind of crazy where your `` ex slashes your tires or someone beats in the windshield '' kind of crazy but the friend whom `` calls you 20 times just to make sure you got home ok or the coworker who 'replies all ' just to make sure not to leave anyone out '' kind of crazy . highly recommend this great place for all sorts of laughs and tasty treats..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is secluded so it 's hard for people to notice . it 's located inside aruba hotel in downtown lv . their food is awesome though ! trust me , their sisig is way better than cafe moda 's . their kare kare is good too . i did n't see any cabbage or unnecessary ingredients in it . their breakfast plates are served all day and they are good and affordable as well . they also serve italian , mexican , and american foods . they have mahalo fridays which is a hawaiian theme but with awesome new dance music . all in all this place is not bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was an amazing hole in the wall find ! i went on a thursday night and they had a muscial jazz band playing . along with the hot off the pot dishes , the `` family feel '' service , and the decent prices you pay for such a large amount of food , you really ca n't go wrong ! also this place is run by a filipino couple , so if you have your parents , grandparents , aunts or uncles to bring , this place is the place they will sure to enjoy ! ca n't wait to go back ! food tip : try their sisig and sinigang ! the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite frankly this place is really not that good ... this place doesnt represent the great quality of filipino food ! where in the world do u see bell pepper nd cabbage in kare-kare ... but i guess if you are that hungry its okay : ) )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem . the food is great , and their prices ca n't be beat . they offer a mixure of filipino and italian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend of mine took us to this place where he swing dances ... learned the basics with him and had a blast ! the atmosphere was chill and comfortable . lots of room to dance . the bar is huge . but the food ... awesome ! i requested adobo fries and was given a confused look back ... but the kitchen cook worked his magic and was able to throw some delicious pork adobo on top of some fries ... and it was the best ! ! love this place and ca n't wait to go back ! ! debi-deb : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were able to catch the american modernism exhibit at the bellagio and it was a nice break from the heat and the casinos . you know , i hate going to a museum and trudging through all the art and everything starts to look the same after a while . this exhibit was a small collection and i think it was just the right size . you did n't feel overwhelmed at all . you are really able to take the time to look and digest each of the pieces . i enjoyed seeing familiar names like georgia o'keeffe and learning about artists i had never heard about like stuart davis . they provide you with a little headset that you can use as your own personal ( or impersonal ) docent . definitely a nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle and see some great art !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i are avid fans of art of all kinds . we love museums and are absolutely in love with the bellagio gallery of fine art . it is quite small and we finished the entire audio tour and the gallery in about an hour but it was quite a treat . the ticket prices for students is $ 14 and i was able to snag a comp ticket from myvegas slots app that i play on my cellphone . we definitely will make it a tradition to come and visit the latest exhibit here at the bgfa when we are here in vegas . i highly recommend you 're interested in having a little bit of culture on your trip to the las vegas strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm an art novice so i thought this would be a good way to see the famous picasso . i was excited . now that i 've seen the exhibit and reading the webpages description , it makes sense . yes i 'm a little disappointed because of my own ignorance of fine art but i certainly came away learning a few things about picasso , a little bit about his personal life and his muses , printing methods and just documenting and improving my own craft . i most certainly will return for future exhibits . also , if you 're a nv resident , you get a $ 2 discount . wednesday 's , residents entry fee is $ 10 . the entry fee includes an audio device providing information about each art piece . this exhibit is available july 2015 to january 2016 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located in the hall leading to the convention space in the bellagio . this small gallery of maybe 3000 sq ft always has fantastic exhibits that change often . many times featuring world renowned artists from all over the world . the small space limits the number of art pieces they can present to 50-60 exhibits but this can be a great thing because you can take your time to enjoy each work of art . fall 2016 they are presenting some of my favorites from french impression like monet , van gogh , and degas . these to me are amazing pieces of art and history . the exhibition features paintings , lithographs , and even early photography . i really enjoyed the time i was able to spend here . i recommend getting the electronic guide that will gives details about each of these masterpieces . it will really enhance your experience . if you enjoy art , i highly recommend stopping by the bgfa it 's worth every penny . i can not wait to go back for the next rotating exhibition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no pics allowed at this limited engagement of 43 or so picasso pieces . i highly recommend . do n't worry if you sent an art major ; a very enjoyable sound tour on headphones is included in the $ 19 admission price . go if you like lithographs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very simple and clean space that allows for maximum attention to be placed on whatever is being exhibited . staff are very courteous and non intrusive . you know they are there in the exhibit space , but they stay as out of the way as possible . the ladies at the front desk were very friendly and answered all questions . it would be nice if there was more space to allow for larger exhibitions , but all in all this is a very solid place to view some fancy works of art .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to this but came to find out it was pretty tiny and showcasing more of picasso process versus a lot of his work , 80 % of the pictures were just series of the progression of his work , honestly not great . you learned a bit about picasso which you can simply just googled rather than seeing his sketch work . i love art but for some reason the art work they have selected to showcase for picasso was really not worth viewing . not even for $ 18 per person . i also realized that i just do n't really like picasso 's work in comparison to monet or van gogh . to each his own , just very uninteresting to me . not worth it . the conservatory is more exciting than picasso .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's always rewarding to view and learn about prized works of art . but let 's put this in perspective : it costs $ 12 for locals and $ 15 for tourists to see approximately 30 pieces of art at the bellagio fine arts gallery . the price of admission to the louvre is 9.5 euros , which is the equivalent of $ 13.26 . the louvre contains about 35,000 pieces of art . i enjoyed what the gallery had to offer , but i expected more . i left the bellagio feeling like the victim of a broken promise .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time my husband is experiencing this amazing collection of art . i was first introduced to it when working at the mirage , mr. wynn made it mandatory for all employees to know and be educated on these paintings . so , i was helpful in explaining some background information on the art gallery , sort of `` behind the scenes '' action . it was great to see so many of my ex-colleagues from the mirage and bellagio days ! ! ! ! our international marketing offices were right behind the art collection . it was great having extra security too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . it 's a small museum but each piece is interesting and worth gawking at for a few minutes . top notch taste whoever is picking those out . a little pricey for such a tiny exhibit though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was recently here to see the monet : impressions of life exhibit . it was excellent . it is a small gallery but well worth your time and $ 15 . there is no gamble here - you will get something back ! i saw the most amazing paintings currently on loan from boston 's museum of fine art . i quite literally spent a good half hour just sitting and enjoying the paintings . monet 's use of texture with color to create the `` impressions of life '' is inspiring . lots of security in there . i guess they do n't want any `` hangover '' -like hijinks . i do n't blame them . since it is such a small space , however , it was a bit annoying . i 'm just a girl from the midwest who is enjoying monet ! they have an audio tour you can get with your paid admission . as i told the front desk , i was looking for a quieter moment during my vegas experience , so i passed . however , they seemed very informative . several other patrons seemed to enjoy theirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently went on a date here to see the andy warhol exhibit . the museum is small , but it was a well thought out collection of the artist 's work . it avoided some of the more well known pieces , but incorporated enough of his other works to give a more well rounded display . i will admit that my knowledge about art never passed what i studied in an appreciation class in university . art was never something that i sought out , but the experience this night coupled with the $ 8 admission on wednesdays for locals will have me returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently went to see picasso 's creatures & creativity . for locals you get a discounted price at $ 16 , $ 19 is the regular price . not bad considering you get to see world famous works of art . as someone who has lived all over , not everyone has that opportunity for less then $ 20 . it 's a modest gallery . you 're not going to a museum so do n't expect anything grand . it 's a couple of walls & if you 're not the artsy fartsy type who 's going to stare at one painting for an hour then you will probably be in & out within 20-30 minutes . there 's no photography so there 's not a whole lot of distraction in there either . i liked the audio guide as it described each painting for about 2 minutes or less each which for me was long enough . i enjoyed my time at the gallery & look forward to seeing what other works they bring in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gallery is very expensive to get into compared to other galleries . it does contain `` famous '' works but none that are high profile at all . very stuffy , very crowded . there are only two rooms . the only thing we liked about this museum was the lovely staff . not at all worth going to aside from that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we knew before purchasing tickets that it was small , because we were told to allow 45 minutes if we wanted to see everything . it was sort of expensive for the size ( $ 15 , or $ 10 for teachers students ) , but not bad when compared with the prices of everything else in vegas . it was a nice break from the noise and pace of the casinos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in november 2016 for the cities and countryside exhibit . it was 47 pieces in two gallery rooms . you get the audio guide with admission and at first i was disappointed with how small it is , but the more i studied the art the more i realized how well the collection is curated and how well the audio guide makes them all interesting . every piece was special in some way , always tied to the theme of the collection but very different from other works even if they were by the same artist . it 's all very accessible to the art novice like me and i got a lot more out of it than i was expecting . i spent 2.5 hours there and it went by quickly . i trust the bellagio to put on a good show and will definitely make this a standard part of my vegas visits !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible pieces rotate in and out , currently displaying the largest collection of original andy warhol works spanning early years to the end . complimentary audio guided tour to boot ! by far , one of the least expensive vegas attractions you can find . it was an experience that was not only enriching , but also highly enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the bellagio fine art gallery ! since this gallery changes the `` theme '' if you will bi-yearly , every time you come to vegas there will likely be a different exhibit . also , this gallery is not an all-day , museum-like gallery . there will be around 20 paintings sculptures , and that 's that . likely you will be able to experience the entire exhibit in an hour or less . all of the exhibits are set to audio , and the audio is included in the ticket price . the tickets are $ 15 ( $ 10 for students residents seniors ) and worth every penny . let 's think about it ... . $ 15 ca n't even by you a margarita-by-the-yard . but it will by you an hour of art , culture , and history .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gallery itself is tiny - two small rooms . occasionally they are packed with goodies , not this time . the picasso exhibition is a total waste of time ( and money , if you did n't get comp'ed ) . basically series of prints , while interesting to a degree , given the small space you basically end up seeing 3 prints more or less . extremely disappointing . zero stars , not even one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never stayed in their rooms , not for any reason , accept just didnt . if the rooms are anything like aria , then they 've got to be gorgeous too . if your wanting your money worth , and take afternoon naps , or want to sleep in clean air , choose one or the other $ $ $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to visit this museum since they say they have works by lichtenstein . however in reality was only 2 pieces , and very small ones at that . the whole gallery is only a room divided into 4 parts . we were lucky to have taken the single docent tour that made this not as much of ripoff , but still was not worth the $ 15 each we paid . you 're much better off going to the many free art gallery 's such as the ones in city center , forum shops , and the miracle mile shops are some that come to mind .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place gets a solid 3 stars . small space , but interesting art pieces with helpful accompanying audio commentary . the current exhibit is called `` figuratively speaking : a survey of the human form '' and is on display through january 2011 . for some reason , my favorite piece is yoshitomo nara 's `` after the deluge . '' it reminds me of hayao miyazaki 's ponyo . we went during their first ever free day . i 'm not sure i 'd pay the $ 15 regular admission , $ 12 nv resident price , or even $ 8 wednesday locals night deal . so $ free.99 was the perfect price point . but as any economist would say ... tinstaafl . there is no such thing as a free lunch . the line was long and took us almost an hour to finally make it in . that was the trade-off for being free . worth it though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently went to the gallery to see the andy warhol exhibit . there was a locals discount which i enjoyed : ) also if you go on a wednesday its only $ 8 for locals so if you want to see it i would suggest that day because that is a great deal ! i really enjoyed this exhibit . i think andy warhol had some great paintings and it was fun to learn about them . when you go into the exhibit you are given a device that has recordings for each art piece so you are able to learn about each piece as you go through the exhibit . it was kind of small but it was the perfect size for me . since i 'm not an art fanatic and just wanted to see the main pieces it was great . for anyone who loves art i would recommend this exhibit . it was nice to be able to see something different on the vegas strip . this exhibit is here until october so you have plenty of time to check it out if you wish to do so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a customer for over 2 years and actually quite like their products . what upset me the most is that i bought 3 sale items only 3 days ago - paid over $ 200 for them - and today those items went on further reduction by 50 % and they refused to do anything about it for me . i asked if they would consider offering store credit so in turn i buy more products and the customer service rep kept saying it 's the `` nature of retail '' . actually it 's not - there is such thing as doing right by your customers - especially since they have been repeat customer and by offering a goodwill gesture you win over a loyal customer for life . i can buy workout clothes active wear from many many places - what you just did to save a few bucks lost my business for life !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this activewear shop has a good selection and the items i have tried so far have been pretty good quality ( some tanks and leggings ) . prices are reasonable and even if the regular price is a bit high , they usually have a good sale section with deep markdowns . some of the styles are a bit too flashy for me ( lots of elaborate cut outs and overly strappy tanks ) , but they have some more basic items too in fun colours . just make sure to do the forward bend test on all leggings . i tried a pair of their `` lucky leggings '' which were made of a great , thicker fabric and were totally opaque . but i tried some of their other leggings which were unfortunately sheer . service here is excellent . i find the store is never too busy , so the salesgirls are really keen to help you find what you 're looking for without being pushy . i appreciated them checking in often while i was in the change room to get different sizes for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "recently came across this store , could't resist but to purchase some items because the prices were amazing in comparison to other sportswear brands ( lululemon , lole , etc ) . and i must say i love love love them ! i feel good and i look good in their clothes . the staff was extremely knowledgable and helpful when it came to finding my right size . i would highly recommend this brand to anyone and will definitely be returning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! ! ! moved over 22 years ago ... and just went back for the first time ... . first thing i did after being dropped off at my grandmothers house was walk over to this place ... . i missed this food soooooo much ! ! ! ! calgary has some good poutins but nothing was like this and the grilled hotdogs and the steam hotdogs.. the subs the smoked meat ... i had to limit my food intake because there were sooo many places i wanted to hit being back in montreal ... in the 14 days i was there i went here 9 times , i got the cap driver to stop and i got a poutin to go .. eating it on the way to the airport ... till next time im back in `` la belle province '' i will be eating at `` la belle province ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had fond memory of this place when i was a kid and the time i ordered there is when i am extremely hungry . i ordered the cheeseburger , fries and drink combo . the fries were enormous and they are very generous with the quantities . the drink size is small tho . the combo cost me 10.15 $ . not a bad price . the place was kept very clean for a fast food joint and the staffs were very organized and the service is fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best place for poutines , fries & submarines . always busy , but fast service . great take out place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very busy centralized location however this does not slow the service down . i have been to this mcdonald 's during breakfast , lunch and mid afternoon to only receive the same outstanding service . my experiences have both been in the drive-thru as well to go in the dining area . well staffed location that provides an organized process . the dine in area is neat and clean . never had any problems with my orders .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this mcdonalds has been here forever , at the corner of 7th ave van buren grand ave . i stopped in for lunch today while walking home from an appointment . i figured ... i have n't eaten mickey d 's in ages , why not ? plus , i 'm walking , and it 's a ... scenic area . i was impressed by the cleanliness , especially given the sad state of most of the customers and employees . i think it 's mecca for tattooed gangbangers . 2 stars instead of 1 because they have diet dr pepper on tap . oh yeah . i had a double quarter pounder with cheese and fries . the fries were luke warm . the burger tasted institutional - think public school cafeteria . i imagine it might be a really entertaining place to stop by on a weekend evening , what with the hookers and hoes hotels nearby with their $ 20-something rooms and whatnot . next time i 'm in the 'hoooooood and want fast food , i 'm hitting church 's chicken across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's near where i work , but i do n't think i 'm coming back . the cashier & assistant manager were rude to me . they did n't have the new frappe mocha machine so they could n't take my iced frappe coupon . they told me i could have a coffee . i told them i do n't like plain coffee . i suggested a free mcflurry , but the assistant manager refused saying that the mcflurry was a seperate category . i told them that i 'm probably not coming back & that i came almost every week . the assistant manager acted like she could care less , which irritated me more . it 's bad customer service . because she was n't willing to give a free mcflurry , they are going to lose more than $ 100 of sales from me . so stupid of them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its a great place to go if you are looking to get stabbed or raped . homeless people use this location as a base of operations because they can get free refills as the staff does n't care . i 've complained to corporate about the location , they need security here 24 7 but corporate does n't care . stay away from this location if you value your life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there 's no mistaking this location for having class and refinement . hence , the sign on the front door reading no sleeping bags , suitcases , and duffle bags . did i mention that 9 times out of ten there will usually be a phoenix police officer hanging around ? the service here is okay , but i do n't have high expectations from a fast food establishment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hey . it 's mcdonalds . what can i say ? kind of a seedy crowd hanging out at 8am but it is what it is . i got a bit tired of paying $ 30 to have two eggs and etc . brought up to my room in the sheraton on 3rd st. so i cut loose one morning , got in the avis car , and drove down to third ave. and had two egg mcmuffins for $ 5 . nothing satisfies like an eggmc . i will admit , my coffee was from starbucks . they totally hit the spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the worst , i 've been to ; the staff is beyond rude and you never can just simply place your order ... .no you have to repeat it 100 times", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a mickey d 's ... what can you say ? as far as mcdonald 's goes , this one is a-ok ! the people watching is priceless , the food is the best hangover cure ( or late night drunk snack ) , and for the amount of shit the employees have to put up with from the local cracked out transients , they somehow manage to smile when taking your order ! keep up the good work !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mcdonald 's has single-handedly taking the fast out of fast food . three cars in front of me in the drive-thru line still have n't made it to the window yet eight and a half minutes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this mcd 's service sucks . i have been here numerous times and have had some sort of bad service every single time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no thank have a nice day i guess ... .just close the window and let me guess this transaction is over..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the only place open near work at 3am . the service was good but had to wait for hot coffee which was a bit annoying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i have mixed feeling for this micky ds .. i live downt he street so i go here often if its for a soda ice cream or a regular burger.. i got diffrent times late nights early mornings.. but theres seems to be an inconsistent employee one of the drive thru girls during the night and midnight shift is very nice helpful and talkative fast ! nows me as a regular now . but on occasions shes not there and i have the worst experince employee who argue with me about only the fires come large but not the drink in my meal ? ? with a cigarette on her ear ? really ? 1 3 time my order is wrong ... if i were manager i would clean out some employees ... but at teh same time its just mcdonalds..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mm m mmmmmm ! ! ! a 24-hour drive thru serving up my fast food favorites ! ! ! it is conveniently located , and despite the questionable hygiene of the crowd that streams through here , this restaurant is very clean . another plus is that they have a double drive-thru and extremely efficient and polite employees to go along with it . i never have to wait for my food very long at all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no snack wrap ! ! ! ! why do so many mcdonalds menus vary from one to another ? ? ? ? makes it inconvenient especially after waiting in freakin drive thru for nothing ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fourth place i have tried to eat at third mcdonalds first three places were closed down", "score": "4"}
{"review": "driving thru so i can get away from van burn street asap !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably one of the best mcdonald 's locations i 've visited with regularity . i stop through for breakfast at least once a week and they never fail to impress me with the speed and kindness of their employees . you can tell his location stays under good management . happy and hard working employees are obvious and it makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really bad customer service . thank god i 'm not a diabetic , i ordered a diet coke but was given a regular coke . waited for a while to even have my order taken and they ended up not even having my order ready ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "aromatherapy is supposed to be good to help heal oneself . but if it will uplift my spirits , i will try almost anything . when i smelled the chocolate line it is indeed as delicious as real chocolate confections . i am nervous about overeating especially since i ca n't exercise due to the muscle damage & pain . here goes sensory overload ... next i whiffed the almond body butter which is good smelling too . too bad no peanut butter but i thought i saw a warning sign not to eat these gels , scrubs , & butters . i 'll update as i make a scientific medical analysis . i think it 's working already .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't even want to give this place one star . its so gross ! the pools are green like swamps . garbage pickers digg in the dumpsters everyday . the chicks in the office are dumb as rocks . the phone number rings to an answering service , not the office !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quiet and convinience location . two blocks far away from asu . spend 3 minutes driving or 10 minutes ride bike or walk 20 minutes to asu . 10 minutes ' bike to lakeside . 2 minutes to awesome restaurant the only thing i do n't like is they change access way of gym and public business center and need charge 50 dollar as one short access card fee . i only lease half a year and left 2-3 months to leave . this cost is a little bit unreasonable in my opinion and i have no way to use gym from this november .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have been littering their ads all over asu campus ( i probably picked up a dozen myself ) . i can only believe that randomly dumping advertisements on the ground is a desperate strategy of a failing business . based on the admittedly limited experience of the marketing , i ca n't say i would trust them as an ethical or conscientious apartment manager . if they think public littering is a good idea , i ca n't imagine what they do to their tenants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite thing about sierra vista is how they instill in each tenant a real appreciation for the basic necessities of modern living . taking away heat or running water for indeterminate periods of time only makes me grateful for them when they come back . the neighbors are choice . i did n't even have to buy the new pitbull album since i can hear it through my walls so clearly at almost all hours of the day and night ! subtract some stars cuz the drawer in the bathroom does n't work . that 's my only complaint about the place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful , horrible , do n't waste your time , money , or sanity ! went 11 days without a c in june july of 2013 , office staff listens to complaints and does nothing , follow up on issues is horrible . currently , no water all day and a notice making it sound as if it 's the city of tempe 's fault . thought i 'd call and double check ... .it 's not a city of tempe issue , it 's a property issue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service at the office . plus they keep giving me `` new '' ac units , aka refurbished , that do n't work . at different parts of the day it gets sweltering in this tiny apt . i have repeatedly asked that i be notified before maintenence enters my apt but they just come in whenever they want , weather i 'm here or not , with no notice or permission to enter . i ca n't wait to get out of here . i needed one aditional month passed my lease and the rent shot up to $ 900 for this postage stamp sized living space ! they are doing a lot of upgrades to this place under new management but at the end of the day the guts of this place are still shot . its like putting a bow on a turd so the they can charge more money to live here . i would not recommend it here . i might feel better if they took care of their tenants here but they dont , at least not what i see and the neighbors i talk to here say .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new management ... new hours the good thing about the leasing office is that it was open 7 days a week . now that the new management team is in i have n't seen them keep the old hours that are still on the door . twice now i have gone to the office on a weekend . the door hours say one thing and the sign saying `` we 'll be back at this time is always well past the said time '' . office hours will say open at 10am on the door ... the separate sign will say back at 9am . i look at my watch and its noon . which again sucks because you can only load your laundry card with money in that one singular spot leaving you with damp clothes if you forgot to load it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love living at sierra vista . i have had great experience with the staff and my neighbors . everyone is very friendly . i got a great deal and am extremely satisfied with my living situation at sierra vista !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have lived here for two years first i was in a studio no problems . i have been in a one bedroom for almost a year and i am very disappointed i have been without good a c for a month and two days now and they just keep giving me and others here the runaround . do you realize these apartments are in arizona and not alaska ? it has been 110 to 115 for over a week outside and it doesnt get below 90 in my house . if anybody is considering renting from here let me tell you run , run the other direction and never look back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and do not move here ! ! ! i do not have one positive thing to say . the ac is horrible and has been shut off a few times , they randomly turn off the water for whole days at a time for `` testing '' , and the staff 's answer is always : `` there is nothing we can do '' . everything is breaking in my apartment and i am so happy my lease is up in a week . save yourself", "score": "1"}
{"review": "un lugar ideal para ir a almorzar en un d\u00eda soleado , m\u00e1s aun si hace calor ya que tienen varias hileras de mesas que dan al r\u00edo . el mirador tiene una variedad buena de platos ( pastas , parrilla , pescado , etc . ) con precios un poquito altos para lo que ofrece en calidad de la comida , pero entiendo que son por el lugar y la vista . es un t\u00edpico restaurant con una buena vista . la atenci\u00f3n estuvo correcta . fuimos un domingo al mediod\u00eda cuando restaurants de la zona estaban completos y con fila y en este hab\u00eda lugar . el espacio es un poco ruidoso adentro , y si hace fr\u00edo es mejor quedarse en esa parte , aunque si est\u00e1 lindo es ideal estar en las mesitas que dan al r\u00edo . cobran servicio de mesa , aunque la panera y su contenido estaban s\u00faper duros ( cero frescura ) . se puede pagar con tarjeta o efectivo . pedimos pastas y nos pareci\u00f3 que estaban correctas . las porciones son medias y la mayor\u00eda de la gente opta por rabas para picar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad food all around . had noquis that were just tasteless and rubberized . had provoleta that was just bad . and that is hard to mess up ! ! ! service was ok and the view is lovely but could n't make up for just bad food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here last night with a friend for a couple beers and some food . they have a really good selection of beer on tap . i had a desert eagle and an anchor steam on tap , both were very good . i really like they have some things here that most places do not have on tap . the food is really excellent here and i have enjoyed everything i have tried . they have a real nice selection of small plates for happy hour . when your in the area come here and try a few , they are all very good . several of my friends rave about the quality of the drinks here , they have some of the best bartenders around so if you love a high quality mixed drink you really need to try this place ! barrelhouse is one of my favorites in the east valley . it is a nice upscale setting that has a friendly atmosphere , i love to come here when i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the owner 's warm welcome , the server 's ( justin smith , written on the receipt ) outstanding customer service , to the melt-in-your-mouth flavorful happy hour appetizers . amazing . totally deserve the 5 stars . and by the way , i had the `` box of chocolates '' cocktail , wow ! the presentation and the flavor , again , amazing ! i ca n't speak highly enough of my experience here . i tried the pork belly and the organic arizona tart , so delicious ! my friend had their classic burger , we thought it 'll be a bit boring but then again , the flavors were right on . we lastly ordered their margherita flatbread and decided to take it to go since we were full but it lookes scrumptious . we highly appreciate justin , our server , he made us feel that he 's sincere and easy going . all in all 5 stars , will definitely come back and try their dinner entrees !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here regularly since the opening , and between the wife and i we 've tried almost every entree and have loved every one . the mac and cheese and tavern steak dishes are particularly good , and the hunter 's burger is a great choice if you 're looking to save a few bucks . there is are also different specials almost every day , so no two visits ever need to be the same unless you like it that way . they have a good draft selection and excellent signature cocktails . wiith an intimate atmosphere this place is perfect for couples and small to medium groups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have just one word . fantastic ! ! the happy hour prices are great . the sangria is delicious as well as the seasonal pumpkin king flip . i just want to go back and eat everything . i do n't think you can order something that you wo n't like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "time and time again , barrelhouse proves to be the best restaurant in chandler . from the cocktails from the amazing bartenders- to the food from the experienced chefs ... i just can not get enough of this place . my recommendations- for food- you really honestly ca n't go wrong ! whatever you think looks good will be good . for drinks- get a barrelhouse roulette and trust in these bartenders to give you a delicious drink ! you pick either white or brown liquor and they do the rest . just genius . love it . go there . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just visited this place for the first time . i am happy to say that i agree with the 4.5 star rating . i gave it 5 stars , but if there were a 4.5 option i would do that only because the decor is uninspired . however , they got all the really important things right . pleasant greeting , comfortable booths , decent wine list , nice selection of intriguing craft beers on draft , a pretty decent happy hour menu , beautiful presentation , local sourcing , and excellent flavors . i will come back to try some specialty cocktails after reading the glowing reviews of their bar service . i was going to post a photo of the baked goat cheese crepe which is gorgeous and delectable , but i see someone else posted that photo . dining companion had the margharita pizza which she enjoyed . i highly recommend this place . let 's make sure they get enough business to survive this iffy location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . the food is fantastic . chorizo sliders , tomato tart and bread pudding are a must . ca n't wait to go back to try more . do n't let the strip mall fool you . the interior is simple but friendly . happy hour menu looks great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend this place and will be a town crier to elicit business . finally great fare in our east valley neck of the woods ! run , go now for crazy good food . farm to table salad was amazing and i will order this forevermore . i am eager to see what lands in this dish in autumn . the carribean jerked sea bass was a gastronomic symphony . i may upgrade a star after our next visit . i was so excited about this place beforehand , i want to be objective !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this great gem of a place when i yelped `` craft beer '' restaurants . i was pleasantly surprised on how awesome the food was . usually you 'll get a good beer selection but so-so cuisine or vice versa . the location is n't that great but i hope people will start spreading the word ... . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite place . amazing cocktails and i love the food here ( scallops are my favorite ) . try a roulette , you wo n't be disappointed . all the bartenders are super chill ! it 's well worth a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy to have tried barrelhouse ! stopped there for lunch today and had the harvest salad ( beets , blue cheese , candied pecans , jicama , and field greens ) and split the chocolate pot de creme with a friend . heaven ! ! the restaurant is beautifully decorated inside and it was easy to forget we were in a strip mall in chandler . this is my new favorite place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic place in a strip mall . happy hour is excellent and the food was super tasty . has a multitude of homemade cocktails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this chef is the real deal ! there were four of us that went out and we all had different meals varying from fish , burger , pork chop , and chicken and we all loved our dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by for happy hour last week and i was pretty impressed . we tried a few appetizers- chorizo sliders and pasilla chili shrimp . both were solid choices . i also tried the soup of the day ( carrot-ginger with cilantro creme fraiche ) , i ca n't even begin to explain how amazing it was . hope this is offered on a regular basis ! the beer selection was good and included several az beers . happy hour pricing on cocktails was excellent , only $ 4 or $ 5 so i definitely sampled a few . we were n't hungry enough for a full meal , but the entrees sounded delicious . we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the place that you take people when they ask , `` you got a good local bar around here ? '' a fantastic beer selection , cocktails that are made as if they were made in an out town tavern , food made for a foodie , and an atmosphere that is aestheticly pleasing and your able to chat with everyone at your table . pricing was fair , ranging from $ 6 - $ 25 so there is something for everyone . highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in for lunch at the bar a couple of weeks ago . i had the small harvest salad and the small plate sweet pasilla chile shrimp . the salad was quite substantial with roasted beets , candied pecans and tons of blue cheese . the citrus dressing was light and delicious . the 3 huge shrimp were perfectly cooked with a lovely cilantro tortilla slaw . this item is only $ 6 at happy hour -- a steal ! husband and i had dinner there last night . the special was a homemade braised leek and ricotta cheese ravioli . these were outrageously delicious ! our server was sweet and helpful . owner , ken , stopped by a couple of times as well . we are so excited to have a real `` foodie '' destination in chandler . i will be telling all friends and neighbors to make this a regular night out location . oh , and the prices are extremely reasonable for super fresh , substantial portions and delicious flavors ! no need to drive to phoenix or scottsdale for great food anymore ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food with an artisan flare . the goat cheese crepes were great ! friendly , attentive service and a pleasant atmosphere inside ( the strip mall location leaves something to be desired ) . looking forward to trying more of their specialties !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! went for happy hour on a saturday and was really impressed they have a happy hour menu on the weekends ! ordered the happy hour burger and it was perfect . a lot of food for only $ 6 ! shared the hot fudge sundae with bacon and praline brittle for dessert . another home run ! made with ice cream from local sweet republic , you ca n't go wrong with this classic dessert . i will definitely be back to try again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anniversary date - excellent service . place was packed ! & servers kept up beautifully with delicious small plates . we 've fallen in love with barrelhouse !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! excellent food , excellent service and very unpretentious . the owner is very personable and wanted to make sure we were happy with our experience . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hidden in a plaza and it 's literally 2 min away from my place . i looked up yelp for a restaurants around my house to go with my girlfriend and checked out barrelhouse . once you walk in , it does n't feel like your in chandler . great ambiance , great service and food was spectacular . i had the steak for my entree and my girlfriend had the lobster roleno both were amazing . we also had the driving scallops for small plate .. all together i give 5 star for food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it kills me that this place is closing ! that location is cursed ! thank you to the owners and staff for the delicious meals i 've eaten and tasty drinks i 've drank , i will miss barrelhouse greatly ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here just because of bao 's review on fb today ! food is excellent , could beat some high end place in scottsdale ! we order a smoke pork belly as start . the texture as just right and tender , crispy bread underneath was a plus , and papaya salad just added some freshness . then the caribbean jerk spiced sea bass was our entree . nice texture of the fish , fresh mango salsa came with it , and some coconut dressing on side with almond and rice underneath , super tasty ! i would give a five star if the interior design decor was a little nicer . some decors was just not too good to match others . other than that , i 'd definitely like to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went in entirely based on yelp reviews and their craft beer selection . i am very glad we found this place . on our first visit we went for happy hour and stuck to appetizers and a few beers . i love the fact that they offer several local brews along with a nice selection of west coast craft beers . the food was fantastic ! we will definitely be back here . the only reason its 4 stars instead of 5 stars is only because we did n't have a meal yet . i 'll update the review after our next visit and i 'm sure it will be worth the 5th star ! as others have said , do n't be intimidated by its location in a strip mall . thank you yelp for helping me find this place . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped in for happy hour this week . place was pretty dead on a monday but the atmosphere is nice once the sun goes down . honestly , i 'm shocked there were n't more people here . the food we got for happy hour ( chorizo sliders , fried artichoke bruschetta , and seared pork belly ) is phenomenal for the prices these guys charge . surprisingly gourmet . the regular menu looks great as well . prices are reasonable . beer and cocktail list is solid , lots of delicious choices . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "apparently barrelhouse has found a new answer for their service issues that other yelpers have identified . it 's simple - they turn you away at the door . we arrived at 7:45pm , well-dressed , and sober without a reservation . we were told there was no available seating for the entire evening . it was interesting to be staring at three empty tables and an open bar , to be told they had no room . could we sit at the bar ? nope . no room . i was not aware that the `` french laundry '' had made its way to chandler . jeez .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good prices for well-crafted drinks in a nice setting . have n't tried their food but it did look good . the place is in a strip mall with not much else around and might be far for the central phoenician . they were probably understaffed , but the server was very sincere and apologetic . i 'd be back if in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "superb dining experience . from the thick cut potato chip snack , the warm cheddar bisquits through the salad of field greens with candied pecans and blue cheese , to the duck confit and lobster baked chili rellenos , everything was a feast for the tastebuds . we hardly had room for the white chocolate and raspberry bread pudding but could n't leave without trying it- we were not disappointed . barrelhouse ranks among the top restaurants in greater phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had high hopes based on the other reviews . not so . drab interior . beer recommendations off the mark . scallops cold with an odd texture . chips were very good . mac & cheese very rich and creamy . the menu looks outstanding but i ca n't get over the interior . it just does n't match the expectation of the food . maybe they just missed on the scallops but even if the food is outstanding , the overall feel would be brought down by the look and feel of the interior .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for the first time to meet up with a friend for happy hour on wednesday at about 5pm . we sat at the bar and ordered several of their cocktails . i got a golden ticket and the chamomile flip . they were both amazing drinks . the chamomile flip does have a whole egg in it , but that just makes it really frothy and creamy . this is definitely now my favorite place to go to in chandler for cocktails . we also ordered their artichoke bruschetta , chorizo sliders , and their kettle chips with dip . all the food was amazing . i really wanted to try the foie gras bread pudding but could not convince my friend to split it . guess i have a good excuse to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come back to us barrelhouse . we 're sad . the world needs you right now more than ever . come back to us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a huge disappointment on all levels . from the moment we sat down i could see the level of filth between the banquets . our service was poor , uninformed and slow to the point of feeling ignored . our server could not explain the signature cocktail saying `` i think it has gin in it '' the food was just fair and in fact , the frites were served cold and limp . we were asked upon making the reservation if this was a special occasion . we said yes , it was my birthday . our server did acknowledge my birthday but never offered dessert to our table . no one stopped by the table at any time to ask how our meal was and frankly , it 's a good thing or i would have let them have it . i would say it was one of the worst dining experiences i 've had in a long time . do n't waste your time or your money on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am smitten with the barrelhouse . justin , eric , and sandy made my experience wonderful . they had a flirty menu of cocktails that played sultry , sensory games in my mouth ... .providing me with a balance of flavors and the tastes of true mixology . i was impressed with the staffs knowledge and passion for all things mixable and drinkable . haha . i recommended these guys for their unforgettable spirits , fine conversations , and an immeasurable quality of service . simply sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good not amazing . service was slow despite a slow night . the cocktails are amazing . great place for drinks and apps", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for the service only , as we did n't get the chance to actually eat here . on saturday , 03 08 14 , my friend and i came to eat here after reading all of the glowing yelp reviews and wanting to try something new . we arrived at 6:15 . we walked in and it was n't completely full , but it was pretty busy . we waited a few minutes and when the host came up he asked if we called ahead when i said no he said there were n't any tables available until 7:30 . since we were n't starving we thought that would be ok , we would just have drinks . so we asked about the bar and he said , `` no , sorry , we are n't taking anyone new until 7:30 . '' i do n't understand not letting us sit and have cocktails while waiting for a table , especially with the chance of a no show or cancellation . i was so disappointed and though i really want to try this place , i wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the barrelhouse is tucked away in the warner x alma school area of chandler . their fresh and flavorful food is worth the trip . we shared their bbq kettle chips and dip while we waited for our lunch . my husband ordered greek lemon chicken with orzo , feta , artichoke and big pieces of chicken . i ordered the barrelhouse blt and hand cut fries . this was a special sandwich that was made fresh to order , as is all their food , with pork belly , organic sweet yellowish tomatoes and fresh greens . everything was delicious , fresh and very clean . they offer lots of different beer on tap , and ken helped me decide . i highly recommend this restaurant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tucked away in the northwest corner of warner and alma school it is a bit hard to see from the street . that said once you find it you will want to come back often . the entire menu is reasonably priced relative to the quality of the mostly local sourced ingredients . try it on a tuesday when they have the free bottle of wine special with the purchase of two main dinner entrees . looks like the happy hour is pretty good also with a bunch of $ 6 items and discounted wine beer and house drinks until 6:30 . we had the mac and cheese which had bacon and artichokes and was very creamy and seasoned well . our other dinner was the moroccan lemon chicken which had a nice sauce and balance with golden raisins . the skin was crispy and the chicken moist . overall worth hunting for this place even outside the tuesday wine special or happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bartender is running customers away . he has a total pompous attitude , does n't crack a smile , gives a smart ass comments , rude to customers and other employees . this is the third time we 've come here and he 's ruined our experience . we really wanted desert but we could stand to be in his presence so we left to get desert somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent food and drink is good . the artichoke bruschetta and salmon was outstanding . really enjoyed the atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this little place . it 's in kindof a weird location but once you get inside it 's great . the drinks are amazing and so is the food . it 's a local small business and they are passionate about their craft . a gem for chandler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a lovely , fortuitous , delicious find ! i was traveling for work and could n't handle any more nasty road trip food . this place was lovely , the food was fabulous , and if absolutely go again . the only downer was that the peach cobbler was less than meh . i 'm a southern girl who is particular about her cobblers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is really good . services is slow & pretentious . waited 30 minutes for dessert . i am glad this arrogant dump closed . i guess no matter how good the food is people wont return if the service sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in because i was in area , got a gel mani , pedi and a brow wax . worst service ever ! ! ! the woman cut all my toe nails wrongs and crocked , when she did my gel mani , it ended up looking like a 5 year old did my nails . when she did my brow wax , she ended up ripping skin off my eyebrow . the only reason this place is getting a star is because when i called and complained , the owner had me come in and redid my nails which nice of him to offer . unfortunately the next day one of nails peeled off . i will never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "prices are reasonable . customer service attitude is excellent . clean and relaxing atmosphere . most importantly , my nails look fantastic . communication about what i wanted was great between the artist and i. tommy is great . i honestly ca n't think of a negative to include in this review . i just wish i could treat myself to their shop more often . it 's pretty far for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not rave enough about this place . it 's simply amazing ! it is under new ownership & it has really taken a step up . they have a million colors including gels & glitter . tony has been doing my nails ever since i moved to vegas & i would never go to another . he has great designs & is extremely talented . ca n't wait to go back ! good work , tony !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love new horizon nails . aiden , tony and tiffany always take care of me . i tell everyone looking for a good nail salon to make it down to see the artists at new horizon nails . i 've tried to go other places but my nails never last as long as they do when i get them done at new horizon nails . wo n't go anywhere else and you should n't either ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing tony ( occasionally aiden as well ) at new horizon for a little over a year now and i have only had great experiences . they do get busy quick , so i suggest calling for your appointment a few days in advanced . tony has a great eye for color and has amazing design skills . love the shop , love them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give it less than one star i would . i went for a pedicure and a fill . they decided to have two people work on me at once . i ended up covered with dust from my fingers and feeling like i was rushed outta there . both my hands and my feet look like i put the polish on myself . 50 bucks for horrible horrible results . i will never go back there are way too many options . booooooo", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to jane for a couple of months now and she 's always done an amazing job ! she 's super friendly and always makes my nails look perfect ! ! she also gives the best hand massage ! i give this place 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting my nails done by tony for about a year now . i absolutely love going to new horizon nails to see my man tony . if you are looking for a place to get amazing unique nails done this is the place to go . i always bring in a picture from pinterest and get exactly what i ask for . thank you so much for always fitting me in it 's always a treat to get my nails done and catch up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "getting my nails done here is worth the drive ! i always get a gel manicure , and they last for weeks without breaking , chipping or peeling . i always go to tony , and he can recreate any nail design i bring in . i always leave a very happy customer ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have now gotten my nails done twice at new horizon nails . i have loved them both times ! i never had done gel nails and was a little worried how long they would last ( i was used to getting acrylic nails ) . the 1st time i got them , tiffany did my nails and tony hand painted a chevron design on one nail ... by hand ! ! they lasted 5 weeks without chipping , peeling , or losing their nice shine ! i went back today with a nail idea i found on pintrest and tony was able to replicate it perfectly ! i will definitely continue to go here and tell the many people who ask where i get them done at . i 'm excited for all the nail design possibilities to do now ! i posted pictures on this yelp page of the 2 different times i 've had my nails done . you wo n't be dissapointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always come to jane to get my nails done and every single time they come out amazing . never disappointed . perfect color , length , everything . all their staff are always so welcoming and sweet . i recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there with a friend and the nail artists were rushing threw the nails . kevin made a comment at the end telling the other girl `` ha i beat you '' my nails look horrible , the polish is horribly uneven . toes look 5 times worse . the lady who did my toes did n't know how to do gel.. i 've been going there for years and the past 2 months i 've been going there have just been horrible . sadly done with this place now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place . i highly recommend them . they actually took good care of my nails . i 've returned here and will again . i ca n't say this about other locations i have tried since relocating to las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome service love my one of a kind nails . edc ready . my feet feel amazing recommend the deluxe treatment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great gel mani by aiden . came in two other times and it was awful . i went somewhere else to get my nails fixed and they could n't believe how sloppy and uneven they were . tony also does a good job but you need to make appts in advance to get anyone worthwhile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . i 've had a few different techs do my nails , and they have been mostly great experiences . my one disappointing experience was yesterday and tony , the salon 's owner , went above and beyond to fix it . i did not expect or demand that he do anything , but he insisted . in a town of transients and giant chain businesses , it 's great to find a locally-owned business that i can support . they have won my loyalty . their manicures last forever , the salon is casual and friendly , they play great music , and tony runs a great business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon . it is really convenient to get to , and services are quick - and perfect every time . i love all the nail techs here and they have a variety of services which is great so i can one-stop shop . highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tiffany did a great job the last time i came here and the service was amazing thats why i decided ti come here today . well today tony was the one who did my nails . i like the outcome really nice . as a manager you always show that the customer is always right and if they are not please with your service you try to do the vest thing so that the client is satisfied at the end . tiffany did the exact same thing i requested today but tony was charging me 15 extra . i told him that two weeks ago i had come and and she charged me 40 but he said that she was probably wrong and it was a mistake . i did n't say anything after he told me that and he kept on bringing it up . so i would say that it is a nice place to go and they do a good job but he definitely has to work on his attitude since he is the manager !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible customer service.had my nails done by the younger girl who sat in the back.she was extremely rude from the moment i sat down and insulted me a few times while getting my nails done . i will never return and would not recommend . the owner did n't seem too accommodating either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a friend of mine recommended this place . they have some talented nail artists ! i 've gone in several times and showed them some nail art that i liked on pinterest , and they easily replicated it . tony is amazing and can free-style paint just about any design . they 've got me as a regular customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finishing up a gel mani pedi with jane and kevin . jane literally did magic on my nails . kevin made my feet smoother than ever ! very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in 2 times today ! once for my infill of acrylic and gel on top . it was awful completely flooded my nails with gel one is a wierd shape . i filed them myself and peeled the gel off my finger . i went back in and showed the lady what was wrong and she did them again and i came off worse really bad job . my 5 year old could of done better . never going back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cant say 1 person in the salon has ever disappointed me with service or their work ! tony is amazing ! sara gives great pedicures : ) they are all so friendly & are always having fun . love coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this nail salon . everyone is so friendly . all the nail techs do a great job . i love the deluxe pedi with hot stones . it feels amazing . the salon is spotless . the technique they use to remove gel polish keeps your nails healthy . large assortment of colors , plus design ideas . i refer everyone to this salon . plus they have wax services . i have been coming here for almost 2 years . great pricing menu also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for sure ! ! ! one of the best nail spa 's around ! super friendly and fun staff . very clean and well kept place ! cute decor too ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderfully professional and very quick to deliver . i called them about 1.5 hours ago and they were able to come out today ! i have these little bugs coming out in my yard due to the summer heat , and they want to invade my home so i needed to get rid of them sooner rather than later . i actually found crosshairs on groupon , called them up prior to purchasing the groupon , and asked for their services . very friendly , super speedy , arrived sooner than they promised - awesome experience all around . uncle and nephew are owners , and it 's obvious they take pride in their work . i would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been using them for over a year now and never had one complaint about them . tommy is so helpful and thorough with his work . he makes sure to take care of any issues we have on our property . i recommend them to anyone that is looking to get rid of any pests !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crosshairs pest control is awesome ! tommy was friendly , professional , and he did a fantastic job . very thorough ! i will definitely be using this service again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "christina helped us purchase a property in a great area at a great price . it was a pleasure working with her . she is friendly , knowledgable and efficient . our sale was a challenge because of some time constraints . we also complicated the purchase by selecting a property in las vegas , the owner in texas and the listing agent in alaska . ( almost forgot to mention we were in california . ) christina stayed on top of all the players and developments to make sure everything came together for us . i appreciate the hard work she put into our sale and reccomend her with no reservations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am currently in escrow with christina she has been great ! she has been able to answer any question i have which are quite a few since this is only my second home i am selling . i will recommend christina to anyone i know is in need of a realtor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best realtors that i have ever had the pleasure of working with . my wife 's family has now purchased 3 houses from her in the last 3 years and she has always been very friendly , professional and knowledgable about the las vegas market . i would totally recommend her to anyone looking for a home in the las vegas market . no matter what your challenges are christina can find a way to help you find the home of your dreams .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "christina was fabulous . we bought and love the second home we saw the very first day . i 'll never use another realtor in vegas . she really did her homework and worked with us from long distance before we came to town . she has experience with va loans as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first moved to the henderson side of town , i needed a new dentist and i have to say it was surprisingly difficult to find one . so many of the front office staff were unfriendly or acted put out that i wanted an appointment as a new customer ( which based on all the hype about the bad economy made me wonder if dentists are not affected ? ) . but then i found laser dental and i love their front office staff . my dentist is thorough and a little preachy about me not flossing enough , but that is ok . i just take it with a grain of salt and move on . bottom line : i continue to go there and would recommend them to my friends and family . absolute , number one reason ? amazing front office staff - nice , friendly , helpful and concerned !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love laser dental : ) the front desk staff is awesome and very personable . i started coming here because of the groupon offer they were having . when i went in for the cleaning , they mentioned my wisdom teeth , which i knew i had to get out soon , and quoted me . it was very reasonable . i do n't have insurance and they do everything they can to make it of affordable for me , which i appreciate a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had difficulty finding a dentist after our previous 2 were no longer on our dental plans . found this office 2 months ago in an emergency search through our insurance directory and love it ! wonderful front office staff ... very pleasant , accommodating , friendly and always cheerful ! we see dr. nguyen and appreciate his thoroughness . he is very gentle and concerned about comfort while working , whether its a simple cleaning or cavity repair , etc . my kids really appreciate his sense of humor and my youngest , who is 12 , opted to stay with dr. nguyen 's office instead of finding a pediatric dentist for the next few years . this office was a great find ! i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the staff of laser dental ... they are very professional , always greet you with a smile , helpful , attentive to their patients needs ... .and would highly recommend it to everyone who is looking for a good reliable dental clinic..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here 3 times and they are so fast . when i got my wisdom teeth taken out i check in . then out with in 10 mins it was crazy ! ! ! ! also very very affordable . when i got my bottom wisdom teeth taken out it costed me 2k in florida . it costed only 200 $ here ! could n't believe it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend referred me to laser dental . i am glad that i came . the receptionists ana was nice and informative . the dentist assistant was also gracious and patient . i had a tight work schedule , she was willing to work with work schedule for the dental appointment . the dental office is welcoming and warm . dr nguyen was professional and knowledgable about his job . this place is awesome ! if you are looking for a general dentist , i will definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new dentist dental office and found them , i yelped them and saw the reviews and so i made an appointment . the staff is friendly and helpful . i need to get some crowns and i am amazed that i 'm not paying an arm and a leg . it 's a nice small office and they have tvs in the rooms to help pass the time in the chair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr nguyen rocks , always a pleasure to be in his presence . excellent caring dr , thorough and extremely knowledgeable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love dr nguyen my family has been going to him for years miss u dr nguyen hope all is well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience with dr. nguyen ! he and his team made the dreaded wisdom teeth removal a breeze . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here bc of the groupon deal and i loved their office ! the staff is very kind and professional and gave me a reasonable price for my followups ! overall i 'm very pleased with my experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love laser dental ! been a patient for 6 years ! they always take care of me .my whole family comes here , we all highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the staff are all nice and very friendly ... .. dr hien van nguyen is so nice including helen , and the ladies at the front office ... .. good job guys ... . i will ask all my friends to come and do all their dental in your office at henderson", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never see any other dentist anymore ! ! ! he is the nicest and the best ... he does take his time . not to mention the staff here is superrrrrrr awesome.. i love ana and ellen they are the best . smile : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love laser dental . we 've been going here for many years . they can work around your schedule , since my husband works on weekdays , they try to accommodate him on a saturday ( i think twice a month they have a saturday for busy weekday people ) . dr. nguyen is the best , really friendly and good with kids too . all the staff are great and greets you with a smile . they look like a big family there and will treat you as family too . they even have a little treasure box for my son to pick a toy after check up , what a cool idea look for helen and she will assist you with your needs . i honestly recommended all my family , friends and coworkers here because i know they 'll like it too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helpful front desk staff . dr. nguyen is very gentle as well as knowledgeable . i had some evasive work to be done and he made sure that i was comfortable put me at ease . his assistants always made sure to keep me updated on my kids progress and what work they may want to do before hand and never there are never any surprises . dr. nguyen also offered me an option to do a payment plan which helped a lot . overall , it was definitely a positive experience and we will always return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this clinic ... it makes me less nervous to have my procedures done . doctor nguyen does quality work and the staff is so friendly and always smiling ! my family and friends come here too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a wonderful experience at laser dental front desk and staff were wonderful also the doctors were great i would be gladly to refer laser dental to all my friends thanks guysk", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! my teeth cleaning looks perfect ! i do n't have a single complaint about this place . i came in on a very discounted coupon rate , and was treated like a respected customer . customer service is # 1 to me , and i was pleasantly surprised with the staff , doctor , nurses . thank you for making this a positive experience for me . and seriously , i could n't have asked for better results from my cleaning and x-rays . without a doubt coming back for my treatments with confidence ! already referring all my friends and family . great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new dentist and visited laser dental for a routine , preventative exam after reading their reviews on yelp . they were great - reasonable prices , easy to schedule an appointment , very friendly office , and a no-hassle exam . since there was no `` upselling '' ( e.g. , no warning me i needed work i did n't really need ) , i asked them to provide a quote on some bonding work that i wanted done for cosmetic reasons . they provided a really reasonable quote and dr. nguyen did an absolutely fantastic job on the work . if you 're looking for a dentist who is friendly , professional and trustworthy , i would highly recommend laser dental and dr. nguyen and his staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very friendly and gentle . my kids love getting their teeth cleaned especially by heather . she 's always smiling and makes them laugh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dental clinic in henderson.. nice staff and dr nguyen is just helpful ... give you all the right info . thank you laser dental !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are new so it may take some time for the staff and overall logistics to smooth out . but i do n't care , i want good food . this is a solid lunch spot . it even has outdoor seating ! my co workers got slices and since they thought they came out small , the staff gave them each two slices . the slices look a littler thicker than their tremont store but still delicious . plus the staff was attentive for us being outside offering marinara to dip the crusts and bringing us boxes . i got that mushroom gnocchi and it was beautifully rich . i ca n't wait to keep trying they menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to the crust in tremont and decided to try this new location since i work downtown . the pizza is great and affordable ! i love getting a slice and adding the stuffed banana peppers . pluses ... the location is much bigger and definitely has more table space so you can come with a group & the pizza is still great down side.. i miss the big wooden pizza plates from the tremont location , and the crust seems a little more `` well done '' ... maybe they 're breaking in the new oven ? ? overall , good on the go food and prices . you pay $ 4.50 for the slice then you pay $ 1 or $ 2 for extra toppings-ca n't beat that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the same as tremont ... not at all . food was doughy and under-cooked . staff members kept touching my food with their bare hands - even at the table . really freaked me out . they gave me some better pieces to go , but again , kept touching the pizza for no good reason ... rearranging pieces in the box .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first time to crust and i have to say it was total deliciousness ! will definitely return with my co- workers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting slices here a couple times a month since they opened the st. clair location , but today tried a sub for the first time . i ordered the mediterranean chicken with goat cheese and it was undoubtedly one of the best subs i 've ever had in my life . definitely take them up on toasting it in the pizza oven as the exquisite bread tastes like the monks just pulled their heavenly creation out of the oven and placed it directly in your mouth . soft , flavorful with substance . the marinade on the chicken along with the house made italian dressing have strong zest for flavor and to add to your life . the calamata olives and roasted red peppers taste like my grandmother was making my sandwich and demanding `` manga ! '' as i heartily chomped it down . absolutely wonderful . ca n't wait to try other varieties . no need for a side with this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the new crust . it is just as delicious as tremont and is closer to my office . it is great that they have a lot of seating so you get to enjoy the sigts and smells of the awesome food . they have reworked the logistics so the line goes much quicker now than when they first opened . best pizza , gnocchi and subs in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sure the pizza slices are huge - one small slice needs a pizza box to take it to go . salads are super fresh and good . the strawberry lime dressing is heavenly ! they need to bottle the stuff . house made , super fresh and yummy . more please !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza was pretty good . however , when the gal took our order , we ordered two slices of cheese pizza . 15 minutes later after we ordered and sat down , they brought out two pieces of pepperoni , forcing us to wait another 5 or more minutes for our actual order . this is n't my first choice in pizza in the city . the service was n't best , and i felt like the employees were annoyed that we even placed an order with them in the first place . maybe if the attitudes were better , we 'd go back for a second visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is by far the best lunch place for people in midtown . the owner , mike is so dedicated to this place and this business and it shows in every item that is prepared . the prices are beyond reasonable for the portions and they bake fresh dough daily . you can tell . everyone is so friendly here , it 's a place where other customers will engage with you if you look open to it , which i think is great . the combination of the quality menu items and the friendliness of the employees makes this my favorite lunch spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here to see if my infant son needed cranial helmet therapy . i was beyond impressed with this doctor . he was great with my child , really took his time to examine and explain to me everything he was doing , and explained everything in a way i could understand . it is such a breath of fresh air to receive care , actual care from a doctor . for years it has always felt like we are rushed in and out of doctor 's offices like we 're faceless walmart customers , but not this doctor . he made us feel like people , not just numbers . he was very honest about the severity of my son 's condition , which i really appreciate . he 's not out to just make a buck . we ended up not needing to move forward with therapy , but if we ever have a need for the services offered at hanger clinic i will certainly be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to hanger clinic the other day and i had a wonderful experience . i got to see al bustos their certifed orthotist and he was very gentle with my feet and very encouraging with my problem . he recommended what shoe i should order and i can not wait till they come in so i can walk in comfort . if you are having a problem with your feet this is the place to go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with the recent death of my grandmother , and father ! it really made me starting to think about having a will . so i went ahead and had one wrote up , i just needed to get it notorized , and i was surprised that the ups store takes care of that ! ! i had a couple of witnesses with me to sign , they knew exactly what i had to do . the only reason why i did not give them 5-star review . i was there the day before , no more then a couple of minutes past closing time . i run a branch for my company , one thing i learned is never turn away customers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped off a prepaid package return to amazon . needed the box taped shut . $ 1 to tape it shut , allowed as a donation to the charity cup . kind of disappointed that a service that used to be free is now so blatantly overpriced . polite staff though . just make sure your items are fully packaged before going .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly staff and fair prices . many of the other ups stores are way more expensive . this store also offers living will and do it yourself wills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a large item shipped and chris at this store went above and beyond in helping me figure out the best shipping method . this type of service is almost unheard of these days . i truly appreciate his exceptional customer service . thank you , chris .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this ups store is of superior quality . the family that owns it is professional and customer driven . the hall family goes above and beyond for its customers and i would recommend this location to anyone . great job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience there the other day . i just needed something done that this location provides as a service that has to do with my bank . my request was handled quickly and professionally . i 'll probably drive out of my way to use this location for other services as a result .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible weekend hours . probably one of the less friendly locations i 've frequented . it 's not a dreadful business , but i do n't like that this is the closest one to my house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently had an antique desk i wanted to send to my nephew . i contacted this ups store and was told they could pack and ship this for us . everything went smoothly , and the desk was received in ohio in perfect shape . great job for handling our family heirloom as carefully as we would . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy in my tummy ! i am a huge bagel eater ... any and every kind of way so einstein 's is the perfect quick and easy breakfast place for me ! love the huge selections of bagels . there are so many and they all look and sound delish ! ! they have cream cheese and juices that you can buy . loved the onion and chives flavor it was yummy . they have thintastic bagels and they are the perfect amount of bagel ! ! ! love the selection of drinks and the prices are great ! definitely beats the other quick breakfast options ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff are the reasons we keep coming back ! my boyfriend always wears his red sox hat to einsteins because it always starts some friendly bantering with the staff who seem to be yankee fans . they make us feel welcome in their restaurant , not like just another customer . it 's always an enjoyable experience and the food is great ! i have to give a shout out to chris , the cashier , who always makes us laugh when we come in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einstein ... .. hmmm i hear einstein and i think smart . i hear bagel and i think delicious . so take those and slam them together you get a smart and delicious bagel ... i have tried multiple selections here from the pizza bagels which are good , the sauce is a little tangy , the ham and cheese bagel was great and the topper for me are the breakfast sandwiches on a bagel . i think our buddy albert would be proud to know that they are stepping outside of the bagel and making it something unique . one of the other things i tend to like this place for is the diversity , you can eat hear for breakfast or lunch and well i guess dinner and you have plenty of options . the service has always been spot on and friendly.. keep it up i 'm sure ole albert is throwing a wahoooo your way ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here on the morning of the 26th and the store was pretty full , like 50 % probably . there were three people in line in front of us . i ordered three drinks and four bagels for my family . we were headed out to la since we came to visit extended family and relatives . we had left early around 9 am in order to try and avoid too much traffic and thought a quick bagel stop was going to be okay . we were wrong . it took them 25 minutes to fulfill this order . 25 minutes for a to go order , of bagels and coffee . they were so slow and focused on the people eating in instead of the to go orders . when we got out food , the bagels were soggy and the lattes were cold . it was really freaking depressing because i used to love einsteins . bad customer service and products .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can you say about einstein bros bagels . i have been eating their bagels for years and they are the best . saw that vegas had einsteins and the bagels here are just as good as the bagels at einsteins in utah . i also recently tried einsteins in encinitas , california and they were good there . if you find yourself wanting a bagel and decide to try einsteins you will not be disappointed . my favorite schmear is the honey almond . delicious ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bagels were delicious ! i bought their bakers dozen and got a variety of bagels along with their onion chives and plain cream cheese . the staff was friendly to help with my questions ( since it was my first time there ) except the cashier . i had a groupon code and he had no idea how it worked , so he was frustrated and very unpleasant . he made me feel like it was me that was holding up the line ( of two people ) . i asked for a receipt and he said `` it did n't print one '' . uh.. what ? i just turned around and left . i went in excited and went out feeling disappointed in their service , but i did feel better after the first bite of the bagel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only complaint i have and i am sure those that do n't understand will be making comments , is , i asked if they have military discounts and i was told no but the lady next to me received a senior citizens discount . does this put me off , yes , i understand the reason behind senior discounts but really , people that have fought and some like myself that have received injuries so companies like this can operate in the united states get dismissed . no sure if i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm at this location weekly as i meet some friends on sunday mornings and my office is near by . the staff is nice and the dinning room is usually clean , service is good but the men 's room is often not clean ... not horrible but not clean . the last time i was there early sunday the restroom was absolutely disgusting . no paper towels , filthy dirty top to bottom which means no one cleaned it the night before nor checked it at all . i 've been in gas station restrooms that were great better . it also means the employees are using the same restroom and not taking care of anything , probably not washing their hands ... does n't seem like this is a location i want to continue to visit if it 's going to be dirty like that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've never been a fan of radio shack . ever since i was young i 've been treated to sexist behavior from radio shack employees , as if it 's part of the radio shack culture . that may have changed now that more women work there , but my early experiences totally turned me off from this place . that being said , in a pinch i will go to one for a cable or something . i needed an audio jack and they had a 3-ft one for $ 9.99 . i said , `` no thanks '' and bought a 6 ft one for $ 9.98 at walmart . ahh , walmart , the store i love to hate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would rate my trip an `` a '' : - radio shack had what i needed : an a23 battery for my key fob . i tried walmart and best buy with no luck . - the employees were friendly and helpful : i called the night before to make sure my item was in stock . the guy that answered the phone was pleasant . when i went to the store , i was greeted and promptly assisted by 2 employees ( no one else was in the store , mind you ) . the only reason this was n't a 5 star trip is because one of the employees asked me to open a credit card ... 3 times ... during my check out . sorry miss , i did n't want to sign up for the card the first 2 times you asked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst store on the planet . 2 different radio shacks sold me a broken product . they even tried to make the box look like it was never opened and did n't tell me the product i was buying had been returned by another customer . they obviously just packaged up a broken product and put it back on the shelves . save you time and money and never shop at radio shack ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "phoenix dent repair is great place to get your car back to its former glory ! they come to your place at your convenient time . jordan came out to take huge dent out of my accord . he did a great job and very professionally ! not your typical car guy . if you have a ding or dent , give these guys a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i 'm impressed . you ca n't even tell there was a dent . jeff showed up on time . he noticed another dent that i never saw . took care of all three dents in my door right before my eyes . very affordable and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff arrived at my house exactly on time and fixed about 10 or so small dings in my 2001 lexus ls430 in just under an hour . excellent work ... ..all the dents are gone and my car looks soooo much better . his price was extremely reasonable . only regret is not having called him years ago to get my dents fixed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rear quarter panel of my porsche suffered a small door ding during my first week with the car . i called phoenix dent repair and spoke with jeff . i sent him photos of the dent and he gave me a quick estimate by phone . the rate was good compared to a few other estimates i had received . we set an appointment for 2 days later . he arrived on time and completed the job in less than 20 minutes . the car looked perfect when all was said and done . thank you , jeff ! i would not hesitate to use these professionals again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are my dent guys and they work magic . it is truly amazing what they can do . to say i am meticulous with my vehicles would be an understatement , my vehicles get washed almost every day they are driven . if you drive a vehicle it is almost impossible not to get little dents from time to time . jordan came out last time , he was prompt , quick , and did an awesome job . price was very fair . highly recommend ... 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jordan came out within an hour of me emailing to fix my dent ! the dent is now gone and looks perfect ! great customer service . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are excellent ! i reached out via their website for an estimate . had a response within a few hours , and scheduled to come out within 2 days . jordan came to my home to remove 3 small dents dings . he was very professional and nice . was done in about 30-40 minutes . i ca n't even tell exactly where the dents were . had received a total of 3 estimates . these guys were by far the most reasonably priced and they come to you . does n't get any easier ! granted , i hope that i do n't need to call them again , but if i am in need of dent repair in the future , these guys are it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing . mark zigler is the tech that i have dealt with twice . both dents he fixed were perfect . one of the dents was on the body line of my 2 month old 2013 dodge challenger right in the driver side quarter panel . it was a dent that was almost impossible to fix with out drilling a hole but mark took his time and worked it to perfection with no hole drilled . amazing ! i am sooo happy with there work . thanks mark", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to phoenix dent repair by airpark collision center since i only had a door ding . i called jeff and made an appointment to have my car serviced at my job location ( they 're mobile ) . i also provided him my phone number so he could reach me if something changed . he never showed up at the time . i waited 1 2 hour and never even received a call . i then went online and filled out their appointment form to request a reschedule . i even included in the comments that this was a reschedule since he missed the first appointment . i provided all the details and requested a call back to reschedule . it was over a week and i never received a contact . needless to say i took my business elsewhere . i will not only not recommend phoenix dent repair , i telling the story of this bad service to others . and i 'm writing this review . there are plenty of other good car body repair businesses in the airpark . there 's no need to put up with bad service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have called jeff on several jobs and he can work some amazing miracles . not only did he do a great job but saved me a ton of money on not having paint or replace and part . i found out later that jeff also contracts out his work to to high end dealerships and other collision shop . great guy to work with ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was extremely upset after getting a ding on my perfect audi a7 . after calling around i set up and appointment with the owner . he showed up at my house and fixed the dent in no time . i am extremely satisfied with the work done . i highly recommend their work ! now i can sleep knowing my car is perfect again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a golfball sized dent repaired today on my driver 's side door , and am very pleased with the overall result . speedy service , friendly repairman , and he came and did the job at my work to boot ! i 'd definitely recommend this place and i will certainly use them again for any future dent or ding repair needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite part about dealing with jeff for the first time was the convenience . i called on a sunday and left a voice mail . he texted back within minutes asking for a picture of the dent . within seconds i had a quote , within minutes i had scheduled an appointment . another dent repair place did n't return my call until the following monday . ( uh , too late . ) we have dealt with several dent repair services in the past and we will not hesitate to recommend jeff . we are very happy with the repair and we completely realize that most dent repair businesses would have been unable to help us . check out the pictures ( gray driver 's side quarter panel ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i emailed and even showed a picture weeks ago and still have not heard from anyone.a bike rider ran into my car was n't paying attention i would really like to get rid of that experience . update jeff finally got ahold of me and was very polite even though he ca n't fix my car i give them kudos for listening to what i had too say and even let me text instead of call as i 'm very shy also did n't want a family member to know about it , thanks jeff", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very efficient service , was able to repair a hard to fix dent over my rear driver side wheel well . an estimate from a paint and body shop was $ 350 plus 3 days without my subaru . i ended up paying $ 150 appointment was very easy to set , arrived on time and was finished in 20 minutes . no complaints what so ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have used phoenix dent repair on a few occasions over the past four years for my suv and they have always done a great job ! mark has always been the one to work on my car and is always thorough and on time . i have had offers to fix dents whenever ive taken my car in to get it serviced at the dealership , but they often charge way too much compared to phoenix dent and use national companies . i would rather support my local business and i know that phoenix dent will always take care of my auto body needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll be calling him again and referring friends and family to him whenever i can . fixed a ding on the upper c pillar of my lexus isf - not a low risk repair if something went wrong . it did n't i posted the pictures and you can see he ( jeff ) did a perfect job . it even looks like he polished it up too . brilliant . lastly- he came to me , super reasonably priced , and was in and out in twenty minutes including chatting about cars and non business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jordan did a great job ! dent has disappeared . contacted business through website . quick response and easy scheduling . very reasonable pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a small ding and they showed up next day and took care it . maybe on the high side for a nickle size dent that took him 5 minutes to pop but he showed up on time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jeff and his team are outstanding ! they arrived on time , courteous , professional , cost effective and the dents are flawless ! highly recommend this business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't have been happier with the service . although the ding in my hood could n't be repaired because the hood is aluminum , jeff touched up the paint and also buffed another spot on the fender . no charge ! wow ! i think that the one star review must have been written by the competition or someone had companies mixed up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had two cars with several door dings and dents that just looked awful . jeff came out the day after i called him and in an hour everything was perfect . it 's amazing how i ca n't even tell where the dents where located . the price was extremely reasonable and jeff is an artist and true professional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't think he could fix it but he proved me wrong ! 2 week old truck ! its like it never happened !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "requested a quote via their website this weekend , received a quote and scheduled first thing monday morning . jeff showed up on time tuesday and quickly made the minor dents on my truck and car vanish . price was much lower than the dealership and cost me almost no effort or time , and he takes credit card payment ! . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leaving my first review on yelp ever . jeff is very professional and pays great attention to detail . he came to my house at 7:50am for an 8am appointment . he had all the proper professional tools that they use at high end repair shops . i had a pretty bad half dollar sized door ding on the side of my car . jeff worked on it for about 30 minutes and just about when i thought he was finished , he flipped his light around to go over it again and spent another 15 minutes making sure it was perfect ! now it is virtually undetectable . he even took care of another dime sized door ding on the front passenger side door without charge . i would highly recommend jeff and will definitely use him again without question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff just left my house 15 minutes ago . awesome company , awesome service . he fixed my ding in about 20 minutes . price was reasonable , and he swiped my credit card right on his cell phone using square . would highly recommend these guys to anyone . in this day and age of horrible customer service , companies like these need to be recognized .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phoenix dent repair exceeded my expectations not only was jeff wonderful he did an amazing job and came to my home to do the service . i would not hesitate to recommend this company to anyone ! i had a nasty dent on my new car door and it looks completely new and perfect again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i had called up years ago - had been living with a dent from a very noticeable rock indent on my passenger door for years . jeff came up the next day to calling him , explained what he was going to do , took minimal time and to my astonishment you can not see it - as the rock had also left some scratch lines along the paint and he buffed it for me . very highly recommend , good pricing , quality service and saved me having to spend hours at a shop who would have charged me about the same price with me having to go to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 dings on my f-150 tailgate fixed to look brand new in less than an hour ! price was better than the other 3 quotes i 'd received and he showed up at my house 3 hours after i made first contact . polite , honest mid-west gentleman who is in business for the right reasons . easy choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff at phoenix dent repair does excellent work at a reasonable price ! he responded quickly , was on time for his appointment , and did a very professional job ! i would highly recommend him to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to service king because of a small dent in the right wheel well . they recommended phoenix dent repair . brittany of service king contacted phoenix dent and we received a quote of $ 150 . that night an appointment was made for wednesday at 10:00am with jorden . jorden was promptly there at 10 . told us the job would take about 45 minutes . while there i showed jorden another small dent by the driver door handle . he said no problem . he fixed both dents within one hour and i could not be more happy with the results . excellent work and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff smoothed out the dent on the roof of my car for $ 200 and while he was there he took care of some other dents free of charge . he provides mobile service so he 'll need a garage or shaded area to work under . professional and efficient", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for once the damage was n't my fault ; ) my hubby had a tool fall off his garage organizer and dent my suv . after reading the reviews he put in for a quote . oddly he received 2 quotes , one from jeff angell ( the right guy ) and another guy ... so weird . jeff came to our house and voila ! it sounded like he was sculpting me a new suv from solid rock ... but holy cow , whatever he was doing in the garage was magic . thank you so much looks brand new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on time and a fast fix . perfect on all dings even the one on the hood . thanks jeff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found jeff online and read the yelp reviews . wow what can i say ! hail damage all over the hood , top and trunk . now there is not a sign of it . he did a great job ! he picked up my lexus ls430 at my home after i left for work . when i got home it was parked in my driveway . he came by later to get paid . he even buffed it out for me . i give him six stars ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff angell is a miracle worker when it comes to dent removal . he was friendly , prompt , reasonably priced and a true professional . i would highly recommend jeff and phoenix dent repair to anyone looking to get the job done right , and i will certainly be referring him to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phoenix dent repair just did another amazing job for me on my car door . i have used other pdr companies and they are just not as skilled . jeff is consistent and honest about what can be done and what ca n't .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are excellent ! i reached out via their website for an quote and had a response within a few hours , and scheduled to come out within 2 days . they repaired the self inflicted dent on my x6m within an hour and the dent is completely unnoticeable . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff is super responsive , and gave me an estimate over email . came in at the time we setup , on the dot . did an amazing job with my two cars . he is highly skilled and super nice to work with . he left the place spotless . will recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joshua was on time and did a great job for a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought my car was doomed after a bad door ding . a couple other companies quoted me $ 700-1000 to fix the dent in my door . jeff was able to fix it and now it looks literally as good as new ! ! he was friendly , on time , and even came to me . such a great experience ! i will definitely be referring my friends to him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding result ! jeff repaired 4 dents in my car in less than an hour ... and it looks great . the guy is an artist . not only was the outcome outstanding but he even came to my house and fixed it in my garage . if i knew it could be so easy i would have had it done months ago . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend phoenix dent repair . it was a very easy service to use , i got an estimate with a text message pix of the damage and the repair was completed at my home . jeff showed up right on time and did a great job in repairing my front quarter ; you ca n't even tell where the damage was . he also buffed out some scratches , which was n't part of his estimate . i would definitely use phoenix dent repair again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word : awesome ! got a ding at the grocery on our new car and having it fixed , looking perfect , in less than a day was perfect . thanks jeff ! reasonable price , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional work , reasonably priced , and very courteous putting up with my questions . dent is nowhere to be found .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a door dent repaired today . jeff was fast and efficient . did an exceptional job and charged me less than he quoted . what can i say ... .it was great service ! ! thankyou !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skilled work and friendly service at a reasonable price . this guy knows his stuff ! i was able to book an appointment within a few days and i 'm very satisfied with the end result .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place to get my ice cream and brownie fix . i love buying their ice cream from the freezer , grabbing some cones and toppings and making my own concoctions at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what sets this place apart is not only the ah-mah-zing ice creams and yogurts , but the customer service ! this was my first time at the westlake location . i stopped in here quick to pick up some pints on my way home . the really nice people behind the counter were more than happy to offer up tastes of as many ice cream flavors as i wanted . ( i issued restraint and only tried two . ) then , another really nice person asked if i wanted complimentary cones . um , yes ! they even gave me both kinds because i could n't decide ( yet again ) if i wanted sugar or wafer cones . for the record , i loathe sugar cones , but i was thinking of the ol ' hubs . basically , summer + cravings for ice cream = mitchell 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so now i have to figure out how to justify another 6 hour drive to cleveland . we were staying in westlake . we see this ice cream parlor . it 's hot and we both decide we could go for some ice cream . so we go inside . they have a lot of flavors that you just wo n't find at normal ice cream parlors . so after scanning the list , i come across key lime pie . the lady behind the counter asks if i want to sample something . i said i want to try the key lime pie . she gives me a spoon . i eat the ice cream . all is good with the world . i order the key lime pie . it was the best ice cream that i 've ever had . all of the other things like being a local place and using local ingredients go out the window . the quality of the ice cream wins out over everything else . $ 100 in gas and about $ 10 in tolls . and i 'm thinking about how i can get there next month .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love how clevelanders congregate at these little community shops in the middle of residential areas . that 's how this place is . anyway , the ice cream is superb . if you 're a strawberry or coffee fan those two flavors are spot on . i have n't tried other flavours but i went back twice in one week ... a bit much ? its cleveland ! ! it 's going to be butt numbing cold soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream in cleveland hands down . in a short 14 years pete and mike have made one great ice cream empire , beating the likes of malleys in the flavor and quality department . the flavor combinations are incredible . i would even have to say they are on track to be better than ben and jerry 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't generally waste calories on desserts that are not chocolate . in most cases , why bother ? a lot of fruit flavored ice creams are full of ice crystals or fairly flavorless . then along came mitchell 's banana cream pie flavor -- smooth banana ice cream with graham cracker crust bits ! completely worth the calories . the staff is always really nice , cheerful and helpful . they have a cool train that runs along the ceiling and crayons and coloring books , as if kids would n't be occupied enough by the excellent ice cream .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is most likely the best ice cream in america ! i live in san francisco but grew up in westlake and mitchell 's is always one of the first places i want to visit when i go home . i 've even got my san francisco co-workers hooked , as we have an office in westlake . my mom and i have a long standing favorite here ... raspberry chocolate chip ice cream with hot fudge and pecans ! you wo n't be sorry if you get this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream in cleveland hands down ! great homemade ice cream ! tons of variety and a unique flavor for every palette . personal favorites are the banana cream pie , butter pecan , and black raspberry chip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 words : geauga maple walnut ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was raised in italy with gelato made traditionally in small places in the firenze ( florence , tuscany ) neighborhoods . this place almost reminds me that , also the staff is very polite happy ( abbey ) ... maybe its the sugar ... hahahah ... love it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good ice cream , friendly staff , and nice decor . but prices are too high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i go to a movie at crocker park , this ice cream parlor is on my list of places to stop on the way back home ... .so far , it ca n't be beat by any other ice cream place in cleveland , i 'm especially fond of the butter pecan and will increase my movie watching just to have an excuse to keep coming back for more flavors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ice cream . and the shop is comfortable and spacious ! only complaint is i went to get a cake for my son 's birthday and the cashier told me to drive to another store to have it written on bc her writing is not good . maybe some training on how to write on a cake would be good . who has time to drive to another city just for someone to write happy birthday ? !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great turtle sundae . seasonal flavors are great . my favorite is the strawberry rhubarb crunch . other favs in our household are the campfire smore , and carmel sea salt . homemade waffle cones made daily . locally sourced supplies make for great product", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a huge fan ever since it opened . now living in cincinnati , it is a shame there is n't one closer . where we now live , everyone really likes graeter 's which is also good , but noticed there is a lot more artificial flavourings , etc . added which mitchell 's does not . service is always very quick , so yes . please tip the kids who work hard at maintaing good service and keeping the facilities tidy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hot fudge sundae -- oh my ! with homemade whipped cream and salted pecans , nothing could be better ! truly , everything is delicious ! i love me some mitchell 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "graeter 's is now my second favorite ice cream . the staff is young and friendly . they let me taste three different kinds . vegan chocolate ice cream has opened my eyes to the possibility of going vegan and still enjoying life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i have a sweet craving in westlake , my first instinct is to go to mitchell 's . my favorite flavors are the mint cookies n cream , raspberry cheesecake and mint brownie yogurt . the store always smells so sweetly of the waffle cones they make in the store . the only reason i do n't give mitchell 's 5 stars is because the price of a 1-scoop cone always seems to go up , every time i visit . regardless , it 's a hometown tradition and i will always be a supporter !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after an evening of swallowing christmas ale , seemingly by the gallon , i probably should have selected another flavor of ice cream to try . oh well , when in rome ... either way , it was delicious . i love the creamy consistency - it 's more like ice cream with the texture of frozen yogurt . so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ice cream in cleveland bar none . multiple locations around cleveland and worth the trip from anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! fresh , locally sourced , great people , fun atmosphere ... what 's not to like ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kind of ice cream -- interesting flavors , super fresh , and lots of locally sourced ingredients . had the strawberry , which was perfect on an early summer day . def going back next time i 'm in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obsessed ! seas salt caramel is the best . their homemade whipped cream and dark merlot cherries are to die for . i also enjoy the chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream . i recently move to columbus and it 's always a treat to come back home and go to mitchell 's . graeters does not compare : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream ever ! and it 's made right here ! ! i love the chocolate strawberry ice cream . ca n't wait till it 's in season again . yummy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here for a quick travel break and oh my ! great sorbets and ice creams . i missed the specials board so while i was happy with my key lime pie raspberry sorbet combo , i regret missing out on the lavender honey ice cream and the lemon blackberry frozen yogurt . next time i 'm road tripping through cleveland , i 'll make up for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! ! ! i first visited this ice cream parlor on a friday night and it was packed ! instead of turning away , we decided to figure out what the hype was all about . i ordered honey lavender ice cream in a waffle cone and it was delicious ! ! my fianc\u00e9 ordered the cleveland brown ( ie ) sundae ( not sure of the exact name ) . he was satisfied but regretted not ordering the key lime ice cream he had sampled . i 'm sure we 'll be back soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loooove mitchells ! i find myself craving it every week . the sea salt caramel with homemade whipped cream is my favorite ! mmm ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the caramel sea salt ice cream ... not from the cleveland area but this is the best ice cream ever ! ! ! i stumbled upon this gem only 5 min from where we are staying.the flavor was out of this world . glad i only got one scoop bc of the richness and the waffle cone was the perfect compliment . i can not wait to go back and try other flavors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream in cleveland , hands down . whenever i find myself craving something cold and sweet , mitchell 's it is ! the store itself is so clean and smells so yummy from something they 're baking in the back . i always go back and forth trying to decide what flavor to choose but i can not stray away from the peanut butter chocolate chunk- so amazingly delicious ! their cookies & cream is a close second for me ... everything is so fresh and so perfectly delicious . worth every penny ! the westlake location is always packed , even on the chilliest winter days , and the staff is always pleasant . ca n't go wrong with mitchell 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say ... it 's better than a date with jordan schlansky . love it ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream ever . period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cookie dough is prime . the staff is super helpful and kind ! they have amazing ice cream . they have kids drawings when you walk in and they are super cute !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mitchells has been a long time favorite of my family . my wife became addicted to their yogurt , which varies in variety but is always amazing . but the best was st patrick 's day when they introduced irish whiskey and toffee ice cream . wow . just wow . next st. patrick 's day i will forgo the corned beef and other traditional fare and will simply park here for the day . they are open until 10pm , and always favor local fruits and dairy items . good food , a clean and fun atmosphere and they host local school field trips . good food and good for the community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so am in love with the ice cream , all of it is good and fast service but it gets crowded quick so be patient for your little slice of heaven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is absolutley nothing better than ice cream to make your day a little better- specially if it is ice cream from mitchells ! i love the flavor `` coffee chocolate chunk '' . i love coffee flavored ice cream , and if it has chocolate in it then it is 81729 times better ! honestly i have never had better ice cream . the consistency is perfect and the portions are huge . the milkshakes are great too ! everything is great ! ! now i want ice cream again ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mitchell 's hands down has the best ice cream in cleveland . you 're supporting local business while eating some of the worlds best ice cream . this one even has a train ! unfortunately , this is not one of the locations where you can see all the ice cream in a glass case , but the product is delicious nonetheless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soild ice cream . sometimes go 3x a week - do n't need to say much more than that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not really a huge fan of ice cream . i usually leave my snacks to the salty crunchy variety , but mitchell 's has one flavor in particular that may end up making me change my mind . their salted caramel ice cream is amazing ! a scoop of this creamy salty wonder in a housemade waffle cone , and i 've got my salty crunchy snack bases covered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so let 's start with this . if you agree to do a service at a price , do not call me the next day saying we 're not going to do it unless you agree to a much more expensive service option . that is both dishonest and shady business . you agreed to do the service at a stated price . you even confirmed it with your service manager . remember back when people would honor their word ? i asked if they needed to wait until their tech was going to be in the neighborhood for other service calls , and they said no , they just would n't come out unless i agreed to one of their much more expensive ( $ 140 vs $ 50 ) service options . shameful business practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been a customer for almost 5 years ... convenient and effective service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've used home team for almost 4 years , since moving to az from ca . we used western out there and could 've transferred over-but home team has been great and have taken care of everything from scorpions and red ants to normal pest control . always recommend them . in fact , both of our kids preceded us in moving here and switched to them as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've had a great experience with home team for 2 years now . service is consistent , fairly priced and they are thorough . our `` bug guy '' is also really knowledgeable and courteous . highly recommend them ! when you 've been stung by a scorpion , you want a good pest service . no scorps anymore !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we initially contacted hometeam pest defense because they work with the taexx system , which is what we have in our home . excellent communication , outstanding customer service ( in-person and over-the-phone ) , highly effective product , and reasonable pricing . what else is there ? ! ? ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great service with friendly employees and my home is bug free ! i would recommend them to anyone looking for a high quality pest control service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service provider , david , was very friendly and knowledgable . i like the fact that we get regular service every other month .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "courteous and professional service ! very happy with my pest control service . home team does a great job : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional & on time ! this is a fantastic company , with friendly & helpful staff & their work is always guaranteed . say bye to bugs & pests !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "home team was recommended to us from our builder . the tech that came to set up and provide our regular service was very knowledgeable about his products , was able to answer all our questions , and extremely courteous ! ! ! he knew our area well and advised us accordingly . we would recommend to family and friends especially if they have a taexx system installed in their home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service very professional with handling my needs my tech david was awesome answered all my questions went out of his way to make sure i was completely satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my tech robert is fabulous ! extremely thorough and nice ! highly satisfied ! i appreciated the detailed report given after the service was perfomed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been using home team from the time the house was completed 14 years ago . the service seems to do the job and the techs have always been courteous and happy to comply with requests and questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never heard of taexx or hometeam prior to buying my new home . am i glad i did ! their customer service is great and they are always professional . the added bonus is their taexx system . i thought having that would cost me more each month , but they are cheaper than the previous services i have used . i have n't seen an insect since . i would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is new . when we visited it was open for about a week . the restaurant services the same menu as the rest of the chains . i always enjoy the food and this time was no exception . the wait staff was very enuthsiastic and friendly . the service was quick and professional , even when i spilled my full coffee all over the table . i hope they can keep the same standards up . if so it 's going to be a regular place for my wife an i .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always have good experiences at other eggsmart locations , so i was pretty happy that an eggsmart opened closer to me . we came on a monday morning , it was quiet so we were seated right away . i like how the waitress got our drink orders once we were seated . we ordered banana pancakes , french toast and 3 eggs with bacon and homefries . everything was tasty and at a good price . eggsmart also has the option for turkey bacon which we ordered and it was good ! the waitress will walk around to refill coffee and hot water for tea . i would keep coming back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , friendly staff and awesome , delicious food . the food unfortunately came to us a little cold but other than that it was great . we tried the blueberry pancakes , the eggs benedict and location was n't too busy when we came at 1:30 on a saturday either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've given this restaurant 3 chances and they failed each time . each time we would go , us and every table around us would be complaining about bad service and badly executed dishes . i took the owner aside and calmly said why we would n't be paying for our awful meal which was 45 mins late and undercooked and she told us off . that 's why restaurants go out of business . so sad . i really wish she would listen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great breakfast - good portions - fair price . friendly service - treated like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and friendly staff . breakfast was a very good portion . enjoyed the fries and coffee immensely !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , friendly and convienent . this is my preferred airport parking option . when i first started using this service i was a bit creeped out by the van stalking me but seriously that is an awesome thing as you do n't have to wait . drivers have been friendly and helpful ... when the airport was a complete disaster during construction the drivers were always helpful to provide the best way to navigate through the mess . they fill up quickly so make your reservation and utilize the rewards program .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using park n fly for over 6 years now . excellent service and customer care . never had to wait for more than a minute or two for pick up drop off at the airport . their parking rates are very competitive . you get an extra discount if you have an corporate membership plan . ( inquire from them , most of the big employers in n-e ohio have a corporate acct ) . overall grade : a + park your car & fly without any hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drive in park and shuttle picks you up immediately by your car . pick up was ready before i was even ready . they have aaa rate or employer rate for a little over 8 $ per day . they charge 3 $ per hour up to daily rate if cross into next day . they drop you off near the airports attached garage so not too long of a walk to terminal although they mentioned this a temporary drop off point due to airport construction . driver was very friendly and helpful . leave your ticket in the car on your dashboard bar code face down . they help you get your luggage out of your car as well . for a short trip this a great option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best value airport parking in cleveland . never waited more than a minute or two for the shuttle . it stalks you from the moment you drive in and shows up at your parking spot shortly after you do . very quick hop over to the airport from here . easy onto and off of the freeway . they have a frequent parker card program that earns you free parking . a nice touch . obviously , it 's cleveland , so it would be awesome if there were covered parking but then it would n't be as cheap . park here - you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easy to use . no waiting . fast service . use this . you wont regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used this place several times . their online specials are hard to beat . left my car there 12 days and it cost less than a cab both ways to cleveland heights . never waited more than a couple of minutes after parking the car for the van to pick us up . and i 've never waited more than 5 minutes after getting off a plane for the van to take me back to my car . i never feel like i 'm sacrificing more than a minute or two for not parking at the airport . in fact , in some ways it is easier than using the on-site airport parking . your car is in the open , but it feels really safe . there is always a van waiting at the arrivals gate . no small thing in a cleveland winter . got in about 11 pm tonight and the van driver waited until i started my car . i really appreciated that after 2 of the coldest weeks cleveland has ever seen . they usually help my wife with her bags . all this and no tipping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easy access to i71 , easy in and out , shuttle ready when we parked and got off the plane , fair price . how could if be better ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks do credible job . the vans are quite prompt and the drivers helpful . i have patronized this establishment numerous times over several years . note : they advertise a 30 % discount for veterans . actually , as of last weekend , that discount is 10 % -- less than for aaa , which is 15 % . recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the vans pick you up quickly and the drivers are pleasant and helpful . and i appreciate the aaa member price and their frequent parker program .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you not love a parking joint that picks you up at your car , drops you off at your car and offers a free car wash ? lest i forget the reserve online option with discounts and parking rewards ? dig it with a capital d .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always park here when traveling from cleveland airport . it is very convenient and you can also earn free days . i have never had a problem when parking there . the bus drivers are very friendly and courteous and make sure you arrive on time . i definitely give them 2 thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheaper than parking at the airport and they take you directly to your car . pickup location at the airport is poorly marked ( there are two separate areas for shuttle pickup and they just blow past the first one ) , but they run pretty frequently . car wash was closed despite being 65 degrees outside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "parked here for 5 days and it was $ 66 . i even had a 15 % off coupon from groupon but the lady would n't accept it because i did n't make a reservation online . she then proceeded to ask if i was a college student , which i am , but i did not have my college id on me at the time . so she told me `` oh well '' . i had the coupon in hand . the least they could 've done is accepted it this time and tell me to make sure i do it online next time . the rates are ridiculous . $ 66 is what half my round trip flight cost to la . i 'll be taking my business elsewhere next time i fly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they always surpass our expectations with their wonderful service ! ! ! we have never had to wait for the shuttle . we pull in a parking spot and the shuttle is always right there . they help with the bags . the drivers are always so pleasant . it has always been a wonderful and convenient service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great driver with concern for safety and arrival to and from the airport . top notch team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy check in and checkout , fast shuttle pick up and return . definately will recommend to my friends . will always use if flying out if cleveland again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bus was there ready to pick me up even before i got out of my car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used park 'n fly for years and it continues to give amazing service with the friendliest and more helpful of shuttle drivers . definitely recommend parking there , especially with all the construction going on now at the terminal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent shuttle service , virtually no waiting either at the park-n-fly or at the airport . friendly , helpful drivers . clean vehicles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ezexit is never open so you have to wait in line for the line in the one widow i see no advantage to be a frequent program member", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast service to the airport and back . plus nice and friendly drivers . i use them all the time when i travel", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like park n fly . they have a lot close to the airport and have frequent shuttles . service is quick . and if you need a battery jump , they will do it for you . they have a nice frequent flyer program , too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used them many times . fast courteous shuttle drivers . and i love the free car wash as i leave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not worth it if you just show up . apparently you are supposed to come here prepared with a discounted coupon , not just out of the blue like i did . i parked here for 4 days and it cost me $ 54 . i could have just parked at the airport and paid that same amount . is n't the lure of parking here that it should be cheaper ? lesson learned i guess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "formally the smart city cafe , bar fifty is located in the smart city hostel complex , which means many people think it 's only for people staying in the hostel itself . my friend was actually staying in the hostel when he visited from germany , and he loved this place . i stayed over one night ( sneaked in , sorry hostel owners ! ) and managed to get some breakfast , which was served in a buffet style for a one off payment and included hot scottish brekkie foods , fruits and cereals as well as coffee , tea and juices . fantastic ! the lunches are home made and tasty , not to mention cheap- pizzas , nachos , burgers , fries and all that sort of fatty , filling food which is sometimes all you want !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the restaurant bar with the hostel we stayed . i found it is quite with the style of this hostel - young and energetic . i could see group of youngsters making use here as meeting place and hanging around . breakfast is inexpensive and good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to have a drink with friends and possibly to meet new people as it 's the bar right down the hostel . they 've got wifi which is a plus but the table service is quite average , a bit slow even , and the quality of food was n't that good either to be honest . also , they have a too short menu ... we ordered three burgers and a salad and all of them were dry and lacking flavour , at least to my taste . drinks and service at the bar were good though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good selection of beer here and nice service , but the food was n't anything impressive . seems like a great spot to have a drink with friends , but not much beyond that . this place is located on the ground level and there is a hostel above it , which is fine , but there is a lot of foot traffic at the stairs so i would not recommend sitting next to them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty nice place . it 's good pretty cheap but good food and sometimes life music and more . free wifi with the password `` smartbar50 '' is also available ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazingly we got a table here on opening night as passers-by chancing their luck . this is a great addition to the broughton st collection of restaurants , the third to open in recent months . staff were welcoming and really informed about the wines and food . vibe was very upbeat and lively but you can still hear conversations . for the 5 stars it goes without saying that the food and sicilian red were great . i had tortilla strips with a hummus-like really scrumpy white bean dip for starters , and a tabbouleh-like main dish , made interesting with pomegranate seeds . the menu takes some seemingly simple classic dishes but delivers them with more unusual ingredients and lots of rich flavours . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was as close to perfection as it gets . the duck and the scallops were cooked perfectly and packed full of flavour . the cocktails were spot on and the staff were super friendly and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every bit as good as the original one in stockbridge , just that bit bigger . well presented dishes and knowledgeable , affable staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely wine bar on broughton street . but it 's not just about the wine . turns out they do really good food and the customer service is decent too . great addition to broughton street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein kollege und ich waren zum abendessen dort . wir hatten fish'n'chips plus vor- und nachspeise . alles war ausgesprochen lecker und gut gemacht . der service stimmte , nicht aufdringlich aber aufmerksam . ein gelungenes dinner und definitiv werde ich bei gelegenheit wieder dort einkehren .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! wonderful customer service . i went in to redeem a groupon for a oil change and tire rotation . the employee 's were very professional and even gave me a tour of the waiting area ( where the water , bathroom , and coffee was located ) . there was a car in front of mine , so i was aware that it might be awhile , i was not in a rush . they actually were really fast ! i was in and out in no time . they went over what services were done with my car and an employee named steve went above and beyond . i am quite impressed with this jiffy lube , enough to come back for my next oil visits . i felt comfortable the whole time ( as a female who knows nothing about cars ! ) once i left , i had about 5 different employee 's thank me and wished me a great weekend . i felt like a jiffy lube queen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so tired of the upsell on a simple oil change . everytime ! thought i would give them one more chance to see if it was isolated times or employees . not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in for a conventional oil change , first estimate was over $ 100 because the manager had added on all sorts of stuff without even asking . actually selected synthetic oil even though i specifically said not to , put a $ 30 air filter on there ( which are like $ 8 at any auto store ) . when told him $ 30 for an air filter is a joke he suddenly could do it for $ 15 ... do n't these managers know when they can suddenly cut the price in half that screams out to the customer that they were just trying to screw them 2 seconds earlier . he also told me my battery was bad because it was n't putting out the amps it was supposed to , i looked it up and he entered a higher number into the computer to make it fail . look it up on youtube , it 's a jiffy lube scam all over the country . overall very high pressure sales tactics and not trustworthy . if you do n't know anything about cars definitely do n't go here by yourself ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to this location twice , i went last night to get an oil change and a tire rotation . steve helped me automatically and was very polite , made sure to tell me to be careful of the wind as i was wearing a dress . he showed me the manufacturer recommendations and it showed that i was due for a few things . he was very honest about it , told me what was absolutely necessary and what was n't . he thoroughly explained all of the processes as i was n't very knowledgable about them . he worked with me when i told him my limit and gave me an awesome price.. i will be back in 6,000 miles . thanks jiffy lube !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my oil changed and was amazed hot fast it was done . they even showed me my filter that needed changing as per the manufacturer 's recommendation . got that done too . showed them the discount coupon on my smartphone and they processed that too . went on a sunday . no lines , no waiting . did n't even get a chance to have a free cup of coffee ! great facility and people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from jorge today ! he helped me on a previous occasion , and he 's been consistently honest about what my car really needs . the manager dale was also very friendly . i got my oil & oil filter changed & my air filter too . this is my go-to spot for all my car maintenance needs . comfortable seats , free coffee , & a wide selection of magazines in the lounge ! call beforehand for any specials they might have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hope they enjoy the $ 84 they charged me for an oil change and tire rotation because they 're never getting another penny from me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys do it right ! every single time ! the manager and his crew are outstanding . they are nice , clean , conversational , service oriented , go the extra mile ... ..and did i mention that the waiting room and bathrooms are sparkling clean ? ! ? ! they do the job that we came in for and recommend needed maintenance , while not being pushy . i feel like we get a good deal each visit and i trust my car ( therefore , my safety ) to this team . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this jiffy lube was super fast and super friendly . i was in and out in literally 25 minutes , which was great since this was a pit stop for me while driving through to utah and i needed to get back on the road . grade a+ for efficiency . they also checked my tires , since i thought i was due for a rotation , but the guy said the wear was even and i was n't due until the next oil change . the attendant was aware that i lived out of state and would n't return to this store for that service , so i appreciate the honesty . not needlessly up selling me and keeping me longer says a lot about their ethics and concern for their customer 's needs . grade a+ for integrity ! if i lived here , i would come to this location for every oil change . i 'm definitely a happy customer and this location represents the jiffy lube brand very well . wish the one near my house was as speedy and honest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having some bad customer experiences at other establishments - jiffy lubes manager steve was exceptionally pleasant and helpful - i glad we went there this am - we will be back thanks steve", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , my eldest daughter has been using my car to commute to and from college . i finally get a chance to use my car because i need to run some errands i ca n't accomplish on the harley . i get in and look at the odometer and see it was exactly 6 miles short of needing an oil change ... ... .of course , on a sunday afternoon ! i take it to the jiffy lube not too far from my house , praying they will still be open ( good news , they 're open until 6pm on sundays ) ! seriously , i 'm in and out of there in less than a half hour . awesome service ! entire staff was absolutely top notch . will definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that when i was at this jiffy lube there was a customer there with a new born baby who was n't happy . the customer was getting 4 new tires put on here car . the manager on duty , his name was dale offered the lady his car to go home and wait there because it was going to be about hour and a half before they were done . that was customer service far and beyond . thanks dale you prover to me people do still care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the staff is a bit grumpy ( in a funny way ) , but the class and decency of the others balance it out . the service was the best , even opened our car doors for us as we left and the price $ 32 for oil change , filter change , vacuuming van and cleaning windows amongst other things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went late in the afternoon to get an oil change and was very happy with the customer service . i was helped by steve and jonathan . steve was very helpful and patiently answered all of my questions . the staff was professional and friendly . i would definitely recommend this location to other people and would be happy to come back here to get my car serviced again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "car was in desperate need of an oil change and fluid top off . fifth of july falling on a sunday made me wary of finding anyone of quality that was open . these guys were very friendly , accommodating and honest . synthetic oil change done in under half an hour . great place and staff . steve was very helpful and i would recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly service techs . the facility was clean . they even had free coffee ! i will definitely be bringing my truck back here , for all my fluid changes . they also give a military discount .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i went in for my oil change , i expected my wait was going to be long because all three bays had cars being worked on , and there were already four customers in the waiting lounge when i came in . still , i was out in under 20 minutes ! the technician was personable and knowledgeable , and was able to answer questions about my car , and also give me good recommendations that i will follow up on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a routine oil change , the general manger helped me . he was so friendly & gave me a great deal on higher than quality oil and topped on my fluids off . i was in and out in 15-20 min ! time is everything to me so i 'm definitely going back there from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great service and very quick . makes this process easy and why i keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this jiffy lube is just fine and the front line guys are hard workers . the problem is the manager `` dale '' . now i 've dealt with dale before at the jiffy in north las vegas and he 's out here in henderson now playing the same game . he has tried talk me out of getting service and coming back later before and did it again today ( third time ) . the front line guys complain of no communication here and in nlv when dealing with dale and are visibly frustrated . with 4 cars in que dale leaves the area leaving two workers , one being new , and they keep having to go find him .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "usually come here for oil changes . also bought tires here for a great deal . they always look for deals and they show you the work they do so you know you are getting what you paid for . both steve and jonathan were very friendly and professional . would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for an oil change and received the best service i have ever received at any car maintenance service location ! i wo n't go anywhere else . daniel ( employee i delt with ) provided exceptional service . he explained all of the things i needed fixed with my car in detail so i understood why and how these things were needed . he honored my coupons and they provided a free window and vacuum cleaning for my car complimentary . i was out within 20 minutes maximum . it was very professional fast and friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the fastest , cleanest , friendliest jiffy lube i 've ever been to erick and jeff were friendly and terrific . do yourself a favor & get your next oil change there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got my fluids changed today and steve as very helpful and took care of everything i needed . he made sure the staff took care of my car and let me know what i would need down the road and did n't try to rip me off like other places . steve is a very honest guy and i 'll be going back to this place if i need to take care of my car next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a jiffy customer for years ... i absolutely love the way they do business and take care of their loyal customers . my car has been giving me some problems the last few days but with my work schedule it 's hard to take it to get checked.. i showed up right at closing time and the service manager as well as the tech did not even hesitate to take me in and fix my problem within 15min i am so thankful and grateful i have jiffy there for me and my car needs ! great professional friendly and knowledgable staff ! : d i 'm extremely happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to visit the jiffy lube on eastern but i went to this location instead this week and i am soooo glad that i did . the service was awesome quick and friendly service and i did n't feel hassled at all as opposed to the other location . the gentleman that attended to my car was great.. pleasant , explicate e about the entire process and knowledgable informative about my questions . i strongly recommend the stephanie juffy lube above any other oil change location : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got what i paid for . of course the typical up sale attempts . but hey they 're trying to make money . i have n't went to a auto shop without up sale attempts ... part of the game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good customer service , very thorough ! i 've been coming here since i moved to nevada , wo n't trust anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come to this location a couple times before for an oil change and it 's always fast so i come back just for sake of convenience although after the amazing experience i had today i will never go anywhere else . i was greeted promptly but the nicest lead csa ( ca n't remember his name for the life of me ) he was a british man and made it the best experience ever . he told me what i needed and asked what i wanted to do ( rather than all the other people who try to coerce you into everything ) . how helpful and friendly he was really made my experience better than all the other ones ! i 'll definitely be a forever customer because of him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is great ! fast and super friendly service ! it 's the only place i will go : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and friendly attitude ; kudos to jim . they 'll get the smog test done , and for a small fee hook up with the dmv and get your registration processed . in-and-out one-stop total service while you kick back in a nice air conditioned customer area . keep coming back even though it is a bit further than other locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jiffy lube replaced my battery again . no hassle it went dead after three weeks . very happy with their promptness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . in and out in 15 minutes . the whole team were very professional and courteous . we 'll be going back to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed to get a smog check to renew my car registration so i called jiffy lube right when it was opened . the gm answered the phone , and let me know to come in around 9:30ish as the tech who performs the smog check will not be in until then . when it was 9:25am , i drove to this jiffy lube . it was very close . the gentleman helped me right away and walked me into the lobby area , offered fresh coffee . the waiting area is very nice , clean , and chairs are super comfy . 10 minutes later , my car was done . i paid , they wish me a merry christmas , and i left . they were quick , efficient , friendly , and i will return every year for a smog check .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time here getting oil and transmission fluid change . clean shop , and danny the manager is always friendly and helpful . will keep coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service at this jiffy lube location ! i was in and out of the shop in 30 minutes with an oil change , new windshield wipers , and they even wiped down my dash and vacuumed my floor free of charge ! guys were really friendly , and i will definitely be back for my next oil change !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car there yesterday after it stalled at a red light . the staff there greeted me almost immediately and ran a test on the car . he identified the problem and was able to fix it right away . i was in and out within ptetty quickly considering . very professional and gave me the information i needed to make a decision on what services were needed . no pushing or pressure to get services . thanks jiffy lube ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their service is great , friendly people , and very thorough in checking over the car . and they found that my battery was getting low even though i replaced it less than 2 yrs . ago . they saved me a jump start in the future because i took the battery back to where i got it and they replaced it ! jiffy lube - i will be back ! the manager is a fantastic people person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no wait upon arrival . was quoted $ 89 for full synthetic on my ford f150 . had a groupon , which ot turns out they do n't accept . they took the truck in , started charging the oil then tell me it 's $ 109 because it needs 6 quarts instead of 5 . i refused to pay $ 109 for an oil change . this explains why neighbors on both sides are apparently successful auto services who perform oil changes . went to neighboring business on the left afterwards and it was $ 69 including tax . live and learn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service . got me in very quickly , which is always nice . every customer that came in while i was there seemed to be handled the same way i was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my transmission serviced at this location today . tech 's are professional , efficient , no pressured up sells.. i caught my needed service on a special so i saved a significant amount of cash . other customers that were here today seemed to be repeat customers , so they are doing something right . i highly recommend this location..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed to change my oil today . i frequently go to this jiffy lube and i 've always had a good experience . today was no exception ! i received great service from the moment i arrived . they were polite , fast , efficient , and i did not have to wait long . i 've never been disappointed with the service i 've received . i highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent jiffy lube , friendly staff , plus i was in and out in 15 minutes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! ! ! ! professional , fast and thorough . affordable oil changes , will continue to use in the future . ask for jim or john", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've used this jiffy lube location several times since moving to henderson a few months ago . the service is always excellent . the staff is friendly , professional and upbeat . we did have an issue with leaking oil after one of our recent oil changes , but they fixed it quickly , were very apologetic , and gave us a free oil change . they even offered to have a professional cleaning company come out and clean the driveway where the oil had dripped ! we declined that because it was n't a big deal , but we 're happy they offered . we were very impressed with how they handled the problem which was n't the end of the world , but they made it right and were very professional about it . coming from arizona where i never liked jiffy lube ( sloppy , rude and slow ) i was very pleasantly surprised to find this location here in henderson to be such a delight . i would , and have , recommended this place to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was excellent , helpful , and quick . the workers were not the typical , creepy grease monkeys you 're used to seeing when you get your oil changed . 1 gal and 2 guys . all very pleasant . the guy that helped me when i checked out ( forgot his name , sorry ) said he was going to nyc for another store , they 'll be lucky to have him . i hope the next time i stop in , ( in about 3,000 miles ) the service is just as great . my only gripe about this place is i feel like the `` entrance '' was a little awkward . maybe i parked in the wrong area , or something . it 's intimidating enough pulling up to these kind of places as a female . having to walk around , or in , the garage is just a little off putting , but typical , considering the situation . at least i 'll know where i 'm going next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and friendly staff . in and out quickly . will go back for additional services when my truck needs it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they looked at my blue scion and determined everything was in working order . thanks you guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service was amazing . the prices were fairly was a lot cheaper than originally quoted . i was in and out very quickly and the staff was very knowledgeable about my car make and model . it was a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well this post is very delayed but after my spectacular visit to my nearby jiffy lube i remembered that i promised the manager of this location in henderson that i would write a review . this jiffy lube was pretty busy during the time that i came , but they understood i needed a quick oil change and not only did they provide that , but the guys were friendly and the manager was kind and helpful with any extra tips . i stopped in late june 2014 after driving in from san francisco for edc . i would definitely recommend this location , awesome customer service ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this location today for an oil change and basic maintenance . the staff is incredibly friendly , all of them ! when they walk by you thy smile and acknowledge you and look genuinely happy to be working there . they were also incredibly quick , i think i was in and out of there in 30min . i will be back for a smog check and other services as needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just in the stephanie location today . i had been to just brakes for brakes the week before and quoted 320 $ for higher grade oik change and radiator transmission flush and all the fluids and what not . so i went back today and they told me it 'd be all day because they are short staffed ( same exact problem when they did my brakes ) but anyways . not having all day i went to jiffy lube 100ft away and there was enough workers , all friendly , and had me in and out of there in 30mins . and after the different discounts and stuff , and even having extra stuff done too , they got me out of there for 80 $ cheaper and hours less than i was quoted next door . great experience . super friendly . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unbelievable service . steve explained everything . he definitely knows his stuff . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim and steve did a great job with my two emission tests . it was fast and a great price . super customer service and a nice clean facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loose skid plate after oil change . 50 into our drive from vegas we hear something tearing off from underneath the car . you can imagine the panic.. we have 1900 miles to go before we get back home to alabama . we were lucky to find a tire shop in some town to patch it up . not happy ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the only shop i 'll take my truck to for any routine work aside from the dealership ( if you feel like spending 6 times more ) . they 're fast , always incredibly personable and knowledgeable . you can always trust if they recommend something because i 've never been upsold . i routinely work on my own vehicles , but if there 's something i do n't have the time equipment for , i bring it to them and always feel like i was treated honestly and got a great deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . great people . very professional . very knowledgable . seemed to really care about my vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i wo n't returning back to jiffy lube after my last experience . came to get my oil changed , paid and went out to my car thinking it was a simple transaction . as soon as i opened my door i noticed the multiple grease stains on my gray seat from where one of their mechanics had sat while moving my car . immediately i went back to the store to show them the stains and to am them to clean the stains . as the manager approached , his employee stated `` that was highly unlikely that was us '' . to which i quickly pointed out the grease and oil soaked shirts that they were wearing . the manger said that there was nothing they could do and never apologized for the obvious mistake . he did offer to go buy a can of seat cleaner and that i could return the following day . i told him that this would not be necessary as this would be the final time i visit the store due to their careless service of a customer 's car interior .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a great first time experience at this jiffy lube i liked how they offed me other services but it is based on my car 's make and model recommendation not theirs and at the same time did n't pressure me they just told me the price and why i should do it . i got the vibe where they were there to help me not themselves .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i printed a coupon for $ 5 an oil change from the website . the manager in the store said he does not honor those coupons . i explained to him that i have been in many times over the years and i have always used these coupons from the website . he said `` other managers will use those but i do n't . this is already cheap , were not going any lower '' . i do not understand how a manager can decide to not honor a coupon i got off the website because they thinks it is too good of a deal . he may have saved $ 5 this time but it will cost in the long run because neither me nor my family will never visit any jiffy lube location again . they also told me i had a break light out . either they told a bold faced lie or they are not qualified to make that determination because my break lights are working just fine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to this location about 2 weeks ago to get my wife 's oil change and today got my smog and the manager james helped me out both times and he was great will definitely come back to this location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , quick , honest . i would highly recommend this jiffy lube .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service and friendly staff . gave me good info on my vehicle problems but did not pressure me into buying additional services .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in to see about getting an oil change . i stood at the counter for over ten minutes . four different employees looked at me and failed to even acknowledge me . i can handle a `` be with you in a few minutes '' , but to pretend i am not standing there is unacceptable . obviously they did n't want my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the jiffy lube team is outstanding . they provide excellent customer service and great work . i would n't get an oil change or smog any where else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my gf brought her car in here for an oil change . we noticed a rattle that got progressively worse between then and now which i discovered was a loose heat shield . it was n't clear if this was something that was inadvertently knocked loose by them or if it happened on it 's own ... but i decided to bring the car back and explained the situation . with no hesitation they were happy to take a look , confirmed what i found , and threw on a couple washers and tightened it up ... no questions , denials , accusations , etc . they just wanted to help . excellent customer service ... very much appreciated . they were also great with an oil change on my car last week . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , friendly staff . the general manager works his butt off . i generally do not use oil lube centers but would definitely return to this center .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys at jiffy lube always take care of me . i do n't always know what 's going on with my car , but they give me great advice and try and educate me on why i need a specific service . i trust their judgement and always recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always bring my cars here . everyone knows what they 're doing and give the best advice for your car . theresa is super nice , knowledgeable , and provided amazing customer service . the team worked with urgency to get things done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . they work as quickly as possible to get everyone in and out . very thorough with vehicle inspections . prices are reasonable and competitive . i would recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will frequent any place that has good customer service and this place has great customer service . from the immediate friendly greeting when i pulled in , to the thorough , informative , no pressure explanation of what was needed to be done , the guys here know their stuff and are really nice ! very customer service focused ... so refreshing these days . i highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most friendly and professional staff i 've ever encountered at an oil change business . they always send me service coupons and if i forget to bring in the coupon , they still honor my word and give me a discount . i wo n't get a oil change anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to this location & there is nobody that does smog . we looked up this location , we called to see if they were actually open . this is the 2nd location we have gone to . the first one was n't even open because the manager never showed up for work . if they do not offer smog then they need to change the website . the website says that they are open at 7am on saturdays . emissions and inspection services is listed as a service offered at this location , without any restrictions noted . very unprofessional and inconvenient for the customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall i had a good experience here , which is a lot to say considering how much i dreaded going here to finalize the paperwork to sell my house . i really do think i need to start my own title company . $ 1200 for `` insurance '' on a title they already fully investigated ? seems legit ... they were all friendly and helped explain everything very well . they also did everything they could to get it to close before the weekend and i had the funds deposited into my account before the weekend started .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "only went here to sign some documents to finish the sale of my house . even though we were 30 minutes early for the appointment the staff was very accommodating . they were n't able to help us right away but the wait was less than 10 minutes . while waiting everyone we came across offered us a beverage and talked to us for a few minutes . the receptionist was fabulous and kept us entertained with conversation . they were having a birthday celebration and even offered some cake to us . once we were able to sign our documents jessica was awesome . she had everything ready and waiting . she was great at explaining each of the documents and was laughing and joking with us . they made this part of the selling process very fun and easy to complete . which was completely opposite of the title company we used to purchase the house . thank you for making the process so simple .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to sign documents for a new home and were thrilled with the service we received ! mr. jeff brown helped us and he was great ! we arrived 15 minutes early and he was all ready for us - so we were able to start early ! the office was convenient , professional and had a terrific vibe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "should an employee be leaning on the counter texting ? should i be able to walk from the front door all the way to the front counter and continue to watch him text ? that 's not acceptable . the food was average , typical subway bland , but i 'm so sick of seeing people 's faces buried in their phones , i should n't have to see it when people are supposed to be working , cleaning , making sandwiches , whatever . i 'm sure `` text on cell phone '' is n't a job duty . i did n't see the guys name , but he was asian and he had co-workers that should have told him not to be doing that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "spoke too soon with my first review . if you plan on stopping by this location , make sure you pass on the drive-thru option . my wife has stopped by on two separate occasions , using the drive-thru , only to come home and find that the protein was missing . kind of frustrating when you are picking up a specialty sub , spending more than usual , along with the fact that subway is inherently an assembly line for sandwiches .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the two fellows working here looked like they did not care one bit . the first time he tried he dropped the entire foot-long on the floor . the second try , he dropped half of the chicken , and continued his merry way . the person with me got the wrong bread , and he was unwilling to listen . worst subway i have been in a long time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came in this morning and this man worker came up and did n't say hello . he grabbed on his phone to check unimportant things then he asked me what bread i would want i told him i want italian , but it ran out ! ? it 's 9am ! i want the bread to enjoy my meal with . then i picked different bread , then i asked for ham he did n't put the ham in a right way and it was very sloppy ! i would never come back again , no manners and did not receive what i wanted for my lunch . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jeff marquis & his service is excellent . i do n't post many reviews but wanted to for him because my experience with his company for both my home & office has been so great . he always takes care of whatever problem there is efficiently , and cost effectively . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff is a really good guy . he 's honest and experienced in pest control . he does a great job of explaining any problems , offers solutions . most importantly he gets results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using marquis pest control for the past yew years and i am extremely happy with their service . jeff is friendly , honest and does not try to oversell you on work . i have had a few greedy pest control companies in the past , so this is very important to me . i highly recommend marquis pest control !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we regularly use jeff for treating our business offices as well as our personal residence . he is very knowledgeable and helpful , and always shows up when he says he will . pricing is great too . absolutely would recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marquis pest control has been servicing my residence as well as a rental house for quite some time . jeff has kept my house pest free and quickly handled the bee invasion of '14 at my rental ( ( and did a better job at a more reasonable price than the company who handled the swarm of 2012 ! ) . i find jeff to be an honest and trustworthy person who will clearly tell you what is and is not needed . something i appreciate from any type of service provider . if you are looking to evict some pests from your home or business , i would recommend giving marquis pest control a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this new starbucks location . the warm colored interior , couches , red velvet chairs and friendly staff makes the place so inviting and cozy . i came here on a weekday afternoon and this place was n't too busy . the staff here was quick and jolly with their customers . my tall half-sweet soy green tea latte ( i get it , i 'm a picky snob ) was made in less than a minute and piping hot , the way i like it . the barista made it so quick as if he pulled it out of his ... hat . love the quick service here . will continue coming back here when i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a starbucks ! and across the street from where i live . how good can it get . they did a nice job with the old td bank and turned the place into a comfy cozy corner spot . very nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this starbucks , but they screwed up my very simple order royally . two london fog lattes with soy . first off they had to ask me what a london fog was , if my bartender asked me what was in an old fashioned i would be like who hired you ? no diff here . so then they make it with regular milk , i catch the girl on it , and then she asks me if that 's okay . no , i did n't say `` surprise me '' at the end of my order , i ordered soy milk because i 'm lactose intolerant yet still enjoy the delicious froth of milk . then i get home to enjoy my delicious beverage and instead am confronted with a watery , bitter , weird drink because it was made wrong . all around crap starbucks experience . i will probably still go here , probably often because i live around the corner . but i will just make fun of the staff members via text message to my friends while in line .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brand new starbucks ! love the decor - it 's a very spacious and bright area . okay number of places to sit . a lot of the crew from nearby bucks on bayview now work here . employees are pretty efficient ; drinks come out quickly . parking on site . my new go to location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a nice dinner here with friends recently . we sat in a booth and enjoyed a couple of glasses of wine before dinner . after browsing the menu , i decided to go with : spinach & artichoke dip , $ 10 bbq baby back ribs ( w fries & beans ) , $ 22 the spinach & artichoke dip was pretty good . we shared the dish between 4 people and it was enough for all of us . the baby back ribs were pretty good . they fell right off the bone , just how i like them . i would n't say they were the best i 've ever had , but they were pretty good . the service was very good as well . the server realized that we were there to enjoy each other 's company , so she did n't rush us . she also made sure our glasses of wine were never empty ... .a good way to stay on my good side ! return factor - 85 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid choice for dinner or drinks . our server was super friendly and funny . wine list is very reasonably priced . my waldorf salad was giant and came with a croissant . the husbands hickory burger was cooked perfectly medium rare . i 'd recommend to anyone who 's looking for a varied menu with lots of choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the better chains in town . their ribs are excellent , as is the potato soup . i also like the dark upscale atmosphere - very much like a houston 's . top notch staff - the service here is impeccable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and drinks ! the waitress was funny and loveable . i would definitely come back for more prime rib and ceviche .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge portions-i was happy to split a meal with my mom . we had a chicken club salad-which was more than enough for both of us . came with a croissant too ... just to make sure it was n't too healthy of a pick . my husband had a club sandwich and devoured it-and we had a side of mushrooms-because mushrooms are good . and they were . my dad also got a side of carrots-which the one-year-old was very excited about . nice place ... but there are too many other places out there to go again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were staying locally at the westin and my wife wanted a great salad under $ 20 . i did a quick yelp search and found this resturantant . the artichoke dip was excellent , they actually provided a generous portion enough for 4 and even better enough chips . my wife the waldorf chicken salad - absolutely amazing . the apples were crisp and strawberries perfectly ripe . the grilled chicken was tender and the pecans were an excellent addition . i had the hickory burger . the best part about the burger was i ordered it to be medium and it actually was cooked to medium , perfect . it was a very flavorful and juicy burger . my wife really liked the atmosphere , it had an upscale feeling without upscale prices . the bar area looked very nice , we might visit one night without the kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reviews on yelp were extremely accurate . my wife and i were on vacation to phoenix for our anniversary an i need a dinner to seal the deal . my had the bison burger and i had the roasted chicken . both meals were off the hook . the perfect margarita was one of the best we 've had . top it all off with their bread pudding .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i swear i had one of the best reuben sandwiches ever . it was packed with corned beef , sauerkraut , and swiss cheese layered between two buttery rye slices and thousand island dressing on the side . along with hot crispy french fries . man i was in caloric heaven lol . i could only eat half of my sandwich as it really was packed with all of the above . my coworkers all seemed to enjoy their meal with majority of them getting the special of the day which was a roast beef sandwich in which the roast beef was piled high between some of the biggest buttery croissants i have ever seen . another coworker got the chicken strip salad and while three more got the chicken avocado sandwich . i am telling you , they did not skimp on the servings that is for sure . the prices were decent for lunch and service was fantabulous . i will definitely be coming back again and trying dinner soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends daughter works here so we ate here on her evening off . seems a very popular place with a dark interior that could probably use some sprucing up . reminds me a lot of your typical chain place but the food was reasonably priced and the wait staff top notch . i had one of the burgers and baked beans . my burger topped with cheese , canadian bacon and chopped onions . they enjoyed the shrimp linguini which looked good as well . we also shared an appetizer of spinach dip which was enough for all of us . management seemed great and the bathrooms clean . overall great experience and a mid-low price place that is n't too hard on the budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for years my mother loved going to this restaurant . we have lots of good memories there with her . she passed away last fall and my son and i decided to go celebrate the passing of his road test just like we would have if she were still here . boy , have things changed ! what an expensive mistake ! the service was fine - nice greeting and nice server . the food - what a mistake . i ordered the fish and chip special of the day . i was tempted to take a picture of my plate . i was served 5 tiny pieces of fish . they looked like fish mcnuggets . they were dwarfed by the container of tartar sauce ! my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw . i drank iced tea . my son ordered a ruben sandwich . it looked flat and it did not taste good . he drank water . the bill - over $ 30 ! ! ! so totally not worth it . i walked out hungry . sorry mom - i will not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been coming here since last century . my favorite dishes are the ribs and for happy hour shrimp cargot . these ribs are incredibly tender , you just need a fork ( no knife ) and they are available as a half rack for much less $ . also amazing chicken fingers ( not on menu ) are available during happy hour . their salads come with a hot croissant drizzled with honey . it 's a meal in and of itself . they have bison burgers now . amazingly flavorful and juicy with a lower fat contenet than beef . give it a try ! update they now offer coconut shrimp and it 's only $ 6 during happy hour !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to an excellent case study in why a nice property in a desirable , high-traffic location would be more than half empty during dinner . exhibit a : three empty-headed hostesses so busy bantering wittily with themselves that it took them over two minutes to acknowledge my existence . exhibit b : i ordered a glass of pinot and it tasted like it had been opened sometime during prior year . i mentioned to bartender who said `` no , i just opened it '' rather than offering a replacement . and what a happy hour : $ 1 off -- can they spare it ? dinner portions were excellent , but food was mediocre , other than the super croissants : warm and delicious , but nowhere near enough to make up for the rest of the experience . with so many other superb options in scottsdale , i ca n't see this place lasting another year . spend your hard-earned money elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "followed other yelpers and had the ribs , salad and baked potato soup . ribs were a huge hit . baked potato soup was delicious and very filling . croissant was also delicious . the service was awesome . your cup will never be empty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love charleston 's ( we 've been customers for years and years ) ... today i had the special- coconut shrimp ... totally overcooked and the worst coleslaw i have ever tasted in my life , , , hubby had walt 's chicken salad and that was good ... server was very pleasant and professional ( josh ) ... did a manager ever stop by and ask how things were ... nope . 1 02 16 time 1:03 pm check # 259492 table # 25 cb723 @ aol.com", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great overall experience ! our server was jeff and he was super attentive and on top of things . the ambiance is very dark so could be a nice spot if you had a long day and want to be in a relaxing environment . menu is upscale however prices are reasonable . i started with a soup of the day because i was so hungry , very good . my colleague went for the prime rib which looked amazing . i had the parmesan crusted chicken which was huge ! great atmosphere , huge portions , and good value and service . worth checking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just back from a dinner at charleston 's . appetizer was good but my wife 's prime rib was tough and my burger was raw even though i asked for well done . mentioned this to our waitress who said she told the manager and apparently it was comped . would n't you think a manager would come to the table to discuss the situation ? ? ? hate to say , but probably will not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you do n't care about watching what you eat , you 've found the right place . the dishes that i tried were all very good ( taste-wise ) , but you feel like you 're carrying twins after you get up from the table . as far as portions go , this place is very generous . their daily soup offerings are surprisingly very good and some of the best i 've had in the valley so far . the rest of their food is pretty heavy , but alright when it comes to flavor . it kinda borders on bland and not-too-bad . the food 's heaviness really over shadows any taste that it might have . in truth , this spot is really `` old money '' dining on a friday night , but that 's not necessarily a bad thing . if you come here though , be sure to make this your big meal for the day because you 're going to feel like you 're wearing an inner tube around your waist by the time you 're done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "where do i begin ? we 've been to this restaurant 5 or 6 times and it gets better every time . amazing food , cozy romantic dining atmosphere , impeccable service , exceptionally clean , and reasonably priced . i had the aged prime rib and my wife had the shrimp scampi . my prime rib was perfectly done , tender and deliciously flavored . the baked potatoe was the type of potatoe that demanded you eat the whole thing ... . skin and all . i also had a long island ice tea with my meal . it was the best i 've ever had . so good ... i had to have a second one . it is so nice to basically have this restaurant in our back yard . a heavenly dining experience to say the least !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i went to charleston a for dinner and right away we were greeted by the most amazing girls sydney and shelby . they were so sweet and polite and on top of the amazing food it was a great dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good . sat in the bar and the bartenders are nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had birthday dinner here on saturday night arrived and seated at 5:30 for 8 people and the food came at 6:30ish , was way to long ... .. i ordered fish special for the night it was rainbow trout grill with mixed vegetables , everything was to salty . i do n't think i 'll go back there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been eating here for about 10 years now . i must admit the only thing i get here are the baby back ribs ( full rack - snort ! ) ribs are always consistent , above average and on par with most restaurants in the area . easily pulls apart and very good , anticipated , flavor and texture . i 've also spent a little time in the bar . drinks are generally healthy and moderately priced . decent pours on top-shelf libations . in the north scottsdale area , there are a lot of choices for restaurants . charleston 's offers consistent , moderately priced fair in an ocean of much more upscale and more expensive eateries . 3 stars from me ... which should be interpreted as good recommended .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was excellent . we went on a friday evening and the restaurant was packed . we opted for the patio , sitting under a heat lamp . our waiter was excellent and we enjoyed happy hour drinks with our entree . we definitely will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love everything i have tried and each time i go i try something new . the seafood stew is amazing . i love the limeade , the cheese bread , cassava are excellent appetizers . my friend had the acorn squash , he loved it , my husband had the bobo shrimp , i had the brazil nut crusted halibut , it was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . good service . romantic atmosphere . took the family ( kids = 1 and 3 ) for nye had a very early reservation . tried for 545pm but told only option was 4pm . we were one of 5 tables at that time and when we left at 520 it was still pretty open . with the low customer volume at the time we had great service . really good with the kids . the food came out as ordered and tasted wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten at charlestons probably more than 50 times . last night ( march 4 ) was one of the worst . we all ordered the same thing , chicken club salad . there was not one speck of egg , maybe 1 tiny piece of avocado and i could n't find any bacon . i feel like i paid $ 15 each for 3 dinner salads . it was seriously disappointing and not what we expect from charlestons . we would have ordered dessert but all we wanted to do was leave . sad !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my family loves coming here ! i have also come for lunch with friends and brought out of town guests here for several meals . it is pretty upscale and the service is always stellar . my husband likes to order a couple of baskets of the delicious croissants to start . they are light and flaky and my kids ca n't get enough ! he usually gets baked potato soup and the french dip sandwich . my kids like that as well , but will sometimes order the chicken strips . i highly reccomend the champagne chicken salad . it is the best ! ! i have also tried the chicken and bbq ribs and that has been outstanding as well . the last time i was there i ordered the grilled salmon with glazed carrots . i will never order anything ever again . this was my favorite meal there , hands down ! charleston 's is a restaurant that we all enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is always so friendly and accommodating . we always order the prime rib and it 's delicious . our kids love the butter noodles . definitely recommend charleston 's to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is simply the best ! ! great servers , great food , great management ! ! ! ! their prices are really not bad either !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate here with my parents recently , and we all thought the food was delicious . i ordered the salmon caesar salad , which i loved . it had complex layers of flavor and was cooked properly . i wish i lived close enough to go back often . my dad ordered the roasted chicken and thought it was very juicy and tender . the mushrooms were delicious as well as the several sides of vegetables my stepmom ordered . i highly recommend eating here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a week ago i went to charleston 's to pick up a dinner for take-out . this was my 1rst time at this establishment . i wanted their `` prime-rib '' .i have used another restaurant in the area for `` prime-rib '' and they can not get the degree of `` prime-rib '' that i like ... .so i wanted to make sure that it would come medium-rare . the manager of the place came over to me and took my order . i was shocked . that is in a great way . when the order was ready he showed me the `` prime-rib '' before i took it w me . well needless to say this was the best `` prime-rib '' that i have ever had in arizona ! ! ! the horse-radish sauce is out of this world.. ( got ta get it ) ... oh they have an app called shrimp-cargot ... .yum ... ..i was very impressed by charleston 's ... .and i would also like to thank the manager , mr.jamie phillips .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again a delicious meal . kudos to the chef and his staff for always putting out such wonderful food . one of us had the ribs ( could n't finish them so they came home ) . a ruben sandwich and the oven roasted chicken all had portions coming home as well . one of those places you want to go to so you have leftovers . attentive service , but michael needs to lighten up a bit - dont be afraid to smile . show some personality . always wonderful food , service , and atmosphere . you 'll never be disappointed . whatever you do , croissants are a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and the service was wonderful we had cheeseburger and french fries and dessert of key lime pie and bread pudding to go it was the best . i will go there again , i have been to the one on ray road before but this was a first for the one in scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went yesterday for lunch . omgosh amazing croissants ! ! i 've always gotten the salmon , yesterday 's fish of the day was sword fish so i ordered that for a change it was cooked to perfection . my boyfriend had the prime rib ( he said it was excellent as usual ) only downside here is they do n't have a lunch menu so it is pricey for a lunch time meal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first time here at the ambience was great especially in the winter it made for a cozy night . hubby and i started off with the croissants that came with honey and butter which was amazing a super must try . the server we had was very knowledgeable and explain the dishes to us . our server was also friendly . i has been ordered the catfish and he said it was good not the best but good . i ordered the parmesan crusted chicken with marinara and pasta it came with a side of salad . the crust on my chicken was a little thick which was a bit much but the chicken itself was absolutely delicious . the pricing was reasonable and they also offer a pretty large military discount . we will definitely be back here . you must absolutely have the croissants with honey butter but i warn you it 's easy to over indulge .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their prime rib ; lord have mercy ! if i was going to the chair for my last meal before leaving this dimension , this would be it -- hands down ad infinitum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charleston 's is like our neighborhood restaurant . its near by and cozy . my husband and i have been here many times and always enjoy the food ! consistent great service and food . we got there at about 4pm and it was n't busy yet . we had our order taken quickly and got our drinks within minutes . my husband ordered the reuben and he said the corn beef was very tender . i was offered a bite and it was pretty good . i had the blackened trout . which was a little spicy , but very good . they always have fish that is cooked perfectly . light and and flaky .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , charleston does it again . burgers were excellent and cooked perfecton . shrimp scampi was to die for and you could n't ask for a better server than tiffany . great lunch experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have come here for dinner twice now . andrew was my waiter on both occasions and he is superb , an asset to charlestons for sure . the first time i had the salmon it was mediocer . but my friend had the prime rib and said it was heavenly . so i came back to give it a try . indeed it was very good and cooked exactly as we ordered it . the side options were limited but good . i had the broccoli which was not over cooked ( thank goodness ) . the key lime pie was good but i had no room left and brought it home for a late night snack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is in front of my hotel and i was liking to eat something . i read the reviews i decided to give it a chance . i ordered the oven roasted chicken that was great . it 's literally half chicken ( breast , leg and thigh ) . very well seasoned and cooked . the dish came very fast ( 3 minutes ) and the service was great . nice fast dinner in a nice and cozy place . very good quality price ratio", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was solid and the service was excellent ! we ordered the caesar salad , shrimp cargot , tortilla soup , chicken and ribs and also ribeye steak . all were great , and i especially loved the fact that the steak was wood grilled leaving a wonderful flavor ! would not hesitate to stop by here for a drink or food . thanks bradley for your excellent service and the double scoop of vanilla bean ice cream !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ribs are excellent as is the chicken picatta ! sizes are huge portions ! wish i could 've substituted garlic mashed in for fettucine on the chicken picatta , but still great ! chicken fried steak is huge , but could do without half the berating . great peppery taste though ! better come hungry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 're not natives , but come out for spring training each year and stumbled into charleston 's on one of our trips about four years ago . the price , ambiance , and service make this a must-see every time we go . a fantastic menu with food that really outstrips the price , charleston 's reminds me of what the mostly-defunct houston 's chain should have been , if they had n't had such steep prices . reservations accepted , and they might be needed on busy nights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the service is always friendly and they accommodate our 2-year-old beautifully . servers though do seem kind of phony , but at least they are always smiling . food is always amazing no matter what i order . i have never been disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bar service is horrible in the booths . i have been here 3 different times on my business travel . bartender and 2 other employees chatting with each other are more interested in themselves than the customer . 6 people in the bar . i am sitting here writing this review goin on 10 min . walked by 3 x . no menu or acknowledgement . 12 minutes gone by and lady bartender with short hair finally comes and gives me a menu . if the place was busy i get it . 750 pm local and not busy . just employees too busy chatting . lost my business for the future . maybe they need some lessons from the staff at capital grill across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food and great that they can accommodate large parties the fries are so good you have to eat them all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always get the chicken ciabatta sandwich . smoked chicken , havarti , peppers and chipotle . sooo good ! nice casual atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "change to 1 star called corporate the manager from this dump called 1 time no responce from corporate office so sad bye bye .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great ambiance , good service , mediocre offerings on the menu . i liked the place but wish they would have had some other light meal offerings , such as sandwiches . i asked for jalapenos on my burger and they did not carry them , imagine that , arizona and no jalapenos . luckily one of the kitchen staffers had his own stash and helped me out ! kudos to that guy ! again , nice atmosphere but the food offerings were pricey and definitely no diverse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here while on vacation from so . cal and will not hesitate to go back whenever i find my way back to scottsdale . the food was excellent ( ribs ) , and the service ( andrew & crew ) could n't have been better . the chicken marsala was tasty , but could use a splash more marsala . i do n't do many reviews , but feel i need to give credit where credit is due .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here ( 22 of us ) to surprise my mom for her birthday . we already love charleston 's for their food and service but they were able to accommodate my huge family and brittany and kevin did a wonderful job ! i 've been a server for many years and they did a top notch job dealing with such a large group . i never saw an empty glass all of our dishes came out right , plates were cleared in a timely manner and they even cut the cake , served it and washed the cake holder for me ! normally chain restaurants tend to let me down with poor customer service and unprofessional servers but charleston 's truly impressed us . thank you so much for a great evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had two great meals here . i really enjoy their reuben sandwich and i love their cole slaw . best slaw i 've ever eaten and the rueben comes with two ample dill pickle chunks . our first time there we had a hot artichoke dip but did n't like that it was served with tortilla chips . pita chips would have been a better choice . the hostesses are pleasant and the wait staff is attentive . i enjoy the brick and gas light decor and leather booth seating . it 's a place you can take your mom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ribs i ever had . never got my fingers messy as the meat fell right off the bones . great garlic mashed too . wife got the salmon and was very pleased . my mother recommended this place and she was right on . highly recommend , and good friendly sarvice too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super service . croissants were fantastic , bbq ribs fell off the bone ! we were very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for happy hour . appetizers and beer . the shrimp cargot was divine . wait staff uplifting and efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another great yelp find ! they are a step up from the outback type restaurants with the delicious food of a more pricier steakhouse without the pretension . everything we ordered was fantastic . their steaks were done perfectly ( not something many restaurants do well ) and their garlic mashed potatoes were phenomenal . make sure to try their baked potato soup ... it 's to die for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bread pudding in the state maybe in the world ! ribs are great as well meat falls right off the bone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place cus we where new to the west side and liked to do karaoke and this bar was close by . 1 . ) the bartender was sick with the flu and still working ? ? 2 . ) this combo bar thing is weird and attracts different style crowds that do n't necessarily mix 3 . ) the way you request a song was different and confusing and the host did n't follow the list anyway . in my book that 's 3 strikes your out ! ! and the search goes on for a good karaoke bar . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no . just ... . no . i should have just turned around when i arrived and there was already a police cruiser parked outside . at 10 pm . one side is country-karaoke , the other is a hip-hop room , and it all sucks . i would have given it two stars for the sheer entertainment factor but the bathroom was covered in vomit . plus , i 'm pretty sure some chick was snorting something in the stall next to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lighthouse is the greatest club on the westside of the valley ! ! drinks are cheap especially the big pitcher of dos equis ! ! got karaoke on one side and hip hop on the other ! music is kracken like feet without lotion ! ! ! lol but for real hit the light heezy on a saturday you wo n't be disappointed ! you have lames , ratchet , nerds , weirdos all walks of life which make this place a great clubbing experience ! ! definitely going back this saturday to see hoes take off their bras for 100 bills ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lighthouse sport bar is quite something else . if you are looking for eye candy then do n't go there . the crowd was pretty ghetto and not too much to add more there . however the music was pretty good with a mix of old school , new , and classics . the drinks were ok with mixed drinks & shots at $ 5 . for a review i would give it no more than 2 stars based on the drinks and music but none more than that", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just not for me tonight , i decided i would stop by lighthouse sports bar . i have passed by the lighthouse countless times but have never stopped by to see what it 's all about . the atmosphere was okay , you could tell some of the patrons were regulars and knew the the staff . on this visit a few friends and i ordered a few drinks and decided to take advantage of the pool tables . i have to admit the service at the lighthouse was a tad slow and the bar is n't as clean as it could or should be . there were a few people that had to much to drink and after a argument with other patrons were asked to leave . the lighthouse is n't the worst place i have been to and you could do worse in a pinch . however , the lighthouse just is n't for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "four years ago this used to be my go to bar on friday nights . bunch of good looking military boys and cheap drinks kept me coming back . came here saturday night with my sister 's and niece and i left within an hour . talk about nasty ! girls there were half dressed . ass 's hanging out of the skirts and they were n't even cute enough to pull it off . talk about a fat girl bar ! i am a bigger girl myself but holy hell made me feel like a super model in this place . it 's sad because i used to have so much fun at this bar and the fact that i live so close to it would have made me happier to be a regular again . but sadly the people who attend this bar now are not my crowd and i will not be returning unless they really revamped the whole place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to the lighthouse last night and had a blast . but when i was closing my tab there was an extra 100 dollars on there that i did not ring up . i talked to the manager about it and i was told that they were not going to do anything about it because it was already ordered . they were asking how i was keeping count . i had 10 beers , 10 because i was ordering for me and my girl . they put an additional 19 beers on my tab . then when i was disputing it the old lady bartender kept screaming at me saying that she gave me at least 20 beers herself . on top of everything , they charged my card twice . i will not be returning and if anybody does go do n't open a tab because if someone walks out they will put it on some other tab so they do n't have to lose money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the absolute worst excuse for a bar i have ever experienced in my life . went for karaoke was early ... . asked server for a menu she said they only had like chips and snack ... . told me i 'd have to go next door to the mexican restaurant if i wanted any food . ok ... getting better ... karaoke was 45 min late some little old man , maybe an owner , does it and is not in any way shape or form any sort of a dj . the server heavy side woman kind of blondish brown hair was not terribly pleasant ... . looked at us as if we had 8 heads when asked about food ... a rather terse attitude . first time to try karaoke . it 's small non descript space that has a few tables and pool table squeezed in ... . not my mind of place not sure why or how they are in business ... . neighborhood mcdonalds would of had more character .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a townie bar . however , they have photo hunt machines and they are loaded with erotic photo hunt ! nuff said- at least for me !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so what do you even say ... approached by the bar tender . got a beer . she left instantly to go outside ... comes back fifteen minutes later and asks if we are okay and proceeds to go back outside for the duration . yes i got my beer . and yes we had service . but for about 2 % of the time we were there . that aside , you walk in and the first thing you see are the bathrooms , with about four or five dudes seemingly fighting over a pretzel ... looking for a true hole in the wall with mediocre service ? yeah ... you found it . pretty much just good for someone that 'll give you a beer when asked !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one place to stay away from , the drunk bartender oscar hit on my girlfriend right in front of me , and it made for a very uncomfortable night . i was also wondering when the gang fight was going to break out . its no wonder way drink are cheap here . all though the their car so few dive bars on the west side i would say stay away from this one", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this use to be a great bar to go to . was a fun place to go hang out any day of the week . they have pool tables prices are cheap which is good . unfortunately over the last couple of years this place has gone downhill . it has the neighborhood dive bar atmosphere which is what i like . but this place has turned from a dive bar to just trash . fights all the time and place just seems extra dirty . for the most part the bartenders and bouncers always seem pretty cool . just the overall atmosphere of patrons has took a turn for the worst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place is clean and a large pitcher of beer is only $ 6.75 until 9pm . it then goes up to over 10 bucks ! anyhow , nice pool tables and the bartender was friendly enough . karaoke on saturday nights and t.v . 's on every wall . not too bad of a place , but a few more visits will tell it 's true `` character '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "saturday night provided good dancing and awesomely organized karaoke !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met my now fianc\u00e9e here 7 years ago , it used to have an amazing crowd and casual attitude . one side was a dj , bar and dance floor , the other half was a mellow karaoke bar with with pool tables . now it 's just another trashy dtf bar for people with no standards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ghetto dive bar . we had fun . it was an odd place . right side had a dj playing hip hop and all the minority 's hung out there . over on the left side of the building after you pass through the small corridor . you have pool tables , karaoke , and it 's white as can be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favourite sally 's store to go to . it 's only a couple of subway stops away from me , compared to the st. clair w location ( which is a 1 line then long streetcar ride ) . i 've been to this location several times in the summer to purchase some ion color brilliance hair colour ( they have empty boxes on display - to prevent stealing i guess - so you 'd have to ask for it and they 'll bring it right to you ) and some wella toner and developers . the ladies there are always nice and helpful if you 're looking for something specific , instructions on how to use something , or a recommendation ( s ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was wrong , apparently the membership is $ 5 a year , but they have events where you can get the membership for half price which is $ 2.50 a year , so you should totally do that . it 's still a good deal . i had difficulty with my transaction today ... a few things , they have offers for buy 2 get 1 free , but do n't have enough product on the shelf to fulfill the promotion ( so that 's generally bad practice ) . also , when ringing through my items , the discounting function did n't work properly , so they had to void it , and start over ... resulting in a change in my payment by $ 5 . on a $ 30 transaction , that 's quite a lot , so make sure you check the receipts . if they did n't start over , i would have over paid by almost 20 % , alarming when put in those terms . they still have decent things here , you just have to double check everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you want to eat korean ? check . cheap ? check . in downtown montreal ? check . have you ever heard of kantapia ? ? ? if your answers are all `` yes '' , then come ! if you already know this place , then you should come back ! this little restaurant is 100 % korean ( i think ... based on my hearing skills by comparing the staff 's korean to korean shows that i watch ... ) price is cheap , so lots of students here ! not lots of space though , so be careful and come sooner ! or just good luck ! food is good ! something that you would expect out of a small restaurant ! and yes there is kimchi served !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in montreal for a quick get away and was craving some korean food . living in new york , i yelped for a korean place to eat in montreal i originally missed this place when i came here a month ago due to maintenance they opened after 2pm didnt know assumed the place was shut down . i ordered the bulgogi and the kalbi and the bi bim bap was real good there better then i had in a long time . they give you a decent amount of food but coming from america the standard here is much more then the standard served in other countries so i knew i would have to eat twice the normal amount to satisfy my hunger . the restaurant has really nice decor and the chalkboard adds a nice touch to it . the kitchen is literally right in front of you so you see them cook the food and the staff is very attentive and kept asking us the food was up to our standard . all in all it was great food and a good atmosphere will repeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for 5 days straight . loved everything about it ... from the price to the staff . so cheap yet so good . the spicy tofu soup is great so are the kimbaps . plus unlimited kimchi and potatoes.. perfect for the cash strapped student .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "affordable and tasty food in general . i ordered the combo with teokbokki , tuna kimbap and vegetarian mandu . you get a pretty big portion for only 20 $ . special shout out to the rice cake , they are amazinggggg ! super soft and chewy and they do n't stick to your teeth . i was amazed by their teokbokki , they have probably the best texture and tasted great too . i took the non spicy option and it was still good . my friend ordered the bibimbap and i do n't know if they change their ingredients according to the season , but their bibimbap suited summer weather . the vegetables tasted refreshing , especially for the iceberg lettuce . the deco is pretty casual , nothing too special . btw , their washrooms are really dirty ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the server was very nice and friendly , and the experience was quite pleasant overall . their cucumber water is very refreshing ! my only issue was that the food was a little bit bland , and i would have preferred a little bit more meat in the bibimbap . a great place if you like korean food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . it 's good and all depending what you choose . some dishes are way too salty , like their soups . it 's a good spot for students though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome korean food ! you know it 's legit when an entire korean family is cooking in the kitchen . very cute establishment . felt like i was eating at a friends house . if i visit montreal again , i will definitely make a pit stop at kantapia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "korean food , yay ! i feel limited on where to eat korean food as i do n't necessarily explore enough . this is another good place to go to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favourite korean restaurants in town ! i 've come here a countless number of times since i 've started school in montreal . my favourite dishes are the dolsat bibimbap , songdubu jiggae , and the bulgogi ( sooo flavourful ) . their kimchi and potatoes are delicious too ! staff is wonderful , although it 's a shame that they 're usually super busy . they really need to expand this place -- there 's almost always a line ! and the wait can be 20 mins . the price is reasonable ; i usually spend $ 13- $ 17 with tax and tip per meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place while traveling in the quebec area and had extremely rude service . i arrived here at 11 sharp which i thought was when they opened . the door was open and i was able to see the workers in the kitchen . i did not go inside but was standing on the doorstep . a young woman who looked like the owner said something to me but i was n't able to hear because the restaurant was right next to a busy street . i asked the woman again and she answered that they open at 11 30 very rudely with an angry expression . of course i did not go back to the place again . they might have good food but the most important thing should be respecting customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think here is exactly a-ok. at the same time im not a big korean food fan , but this place is good if you want basic , not too expensive and small cute korean food place . the food is okay , but i 've had better korean food before , the service is good , and the location is good as well , in downtown on sherbrooke . they sometimes put outdoor tables and chairs , to make a small patio , so that may be nicer than eating inside in a nice summer day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is amazing ! ! ! ! the ambience is very nice , the servers are very helpful , and the place is very neat and clean . i totally recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4.5 stars . this was my second time trying korean food ( the first time was just awful ; food was way too spicy and too hot , and my stomach was off that day - definitely not a good combo ! ) . my sister and i split pajeon and bibimbap . both were great and filling . pajeon is like an egg flour pancake with seafood , and it was quite good with a generous portion of seafood inside . bibimbap plate ( not hot stone bowl ) was delicious , light but also filling . definitely drizzle it with a bit of chili sauce , even if you 're not a big fan of spiciness ( it 's not too spicy if you just drizzle it , and the chili gives an extra kick to the dish ) . great , quick service . highly recommend this place to be introduced ( or re-introduced if your first experience was bad ! ) to korean food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice korean food for a lunch break- it has a strong student life vibe and friendly crew .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken was raw ... . maybe it was because there was too much dough . the food was okay overall - not worth the trip . the waitress did n't even attend to us - was super thirsty at the end cause of lack of water .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff . i didnt like the decor or the food . went couple of times , but was always disappointed with their food . it tasted too much like homemade dishes compared to other korean restaurants in town . maybe more healthy ? but not that appealing for the money im paying . i dont think it is the worst korean restaurant but after trying couple of times , i do n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered 2 dishes and paid for 3 because the waitress failed to ask what option we wanted and brought us a seafood option when we thought seafood and porc we 're optional additions to the default vegetarian stew . then they charged us for their error . food was good . but our waitress was n't effective and made sure that we paid for her error .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved this place . delicious , eclectic & inexpensive . awesome dumplings , fried tofu & raymun with delicious broth . left full & feeling super healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got takeout of two bibimbap ( one veggie and one not ) . it was fine . but that 's all . i 'm not a korean food expert but i know what i like and i have had better bibimbap . the staff was nice and we did n't wait long for our order . waiting was pleasant , as the restaurant was mostly empty and we could sit at a table to wait . i will probably not come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kantapia is a decent place for a quick lunch . they offer a classic menu of korean dishes and the service is quick . while not my personal favourite , i think it 's a great place for someone new to korean food , as they offer combos at a reasonable price that let you sample different dishes . the ambiance is very casual .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute , really fast , food was tasty . nothing super special but an affordable and filling meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love love this place . been to many in canada , they have the best tofu soup ! i am in love ! this is a very small place , super busy , but the girls work like a flash , very efficient . their portion is good as well . i am full , but not overly stuffed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the kim chi jjigae here . it was really good ! generous portion of meat , rice cake and vegetables in the soup , seems relatively authentic , and the soup was tasty . good amount of food for 9 dollars . service was good - polite and friendly and efficient . restaurant atmosphere was casual , not too cramped , which is nice . would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good , service was great and the ambience was nice . prices are reasonable too so this is the perfect place for students !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the soondubu , it hit the spot considering it was below zero outside- i ordered a pork version but got a seafood one instead overall not bad however its missing the flavor and level of intensity of spiciness found in general korean restaurants- served with a wild rice and kimchi ( wish they had oi muchim ) ; ordered beef boiled dumplings , insides were cold - my girlfriend ordered the galbi which she liked , place is very affordable , its quite small however the staff is nice , worth visiting while you 're in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je suis all\u00e9e dans ce restaurant au moins 3 fois et toutes les fois j'ai ador\u00e9 ! la place est petite , il peut y avoir de l'attente mais sa en vaut la peine . la nourriture est tr\u00e8s abordable et excellente . je vais y retourner sans h\u00e9siter . le personnel est gentil . c'est de la nourriture r\u00e9confortante et typique , ne vous attendez pas \u00e0 de la haute gastronomie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went back and had the kimchi jigae , and actually sat and ate there . delicious ! piping hot and super flavorful . i really appreciated the fast service , side dishes , and whole pitcher of lime water for myself . definitely will come here regularly when i 'm in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , great customer service , cute mom and pop restaurant . i got the spicy pork , which was great : ) very tender and lots of flavour . i tried some of the bulgogi and ribs also , and they were pretty good too : ) the servers were quite attentive and food came out fast great experience . i will return : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cute little place and the korean food was very good . our 11 month old enjoyed it too ! very reasonably priced too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for lunch ! they have a varied selection of entrees , and the complimentary side dishes are quite tasty . while it gets pretty busy during lunch and dinner , it 's much better to wait and have food here , than to do takeout .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was in montreal for a bachelor party , staying at the hilton right next door . we opted to go light on food expenses and spend more on other activities . kantapia was a great solution for 3 quick meals . the food tasted very authentic , the combos they have are pretty cheap , and the service was good . at least for a meal , or two , or three.. it met our standards for what it was .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small but very busy self-seating eatery frequented by college kids but i have to say the food is very tasty . we ordered the pork & seafood tofu and fried meat dumplings and they are delicious . the 2 complimentary kim chi and potato sides are good but i am used to korean restaurants serving 5+ side dishes in the states .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've tried their donkatsu , tteokbokki , kimchi jeon , and some of my friend 's bibimbap . all of the food i 've tried was amazing . the only bad thing would be that size of place and manpower might be slightly insufficient as they are quite popular . my friend had to get out water from his own bag because no staff had the time to answer to our water request . then again , it was understandable . the restaurant was full and the food was great . we were satisfied and happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "muy buena comida , haces un mix de varias cosas y realmente es rico , lo mejor de todo que es barato , ten cuidado que te ofrecer\u00e1n tu comida en un taz\u00f3n pero si lo quieres con el taz\u00f3n son 2 d\u00f3lares m\u00e1s .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love going to kantapia ! we found this place on yelp a few years ago . i am surprised at how quick the service is and how fast food comes out . they have most of the traditional korean staples and some interesting additions and specials . the service is friendly and informative . there is a semi open kitchen which looks clean . bimbimbap is amazing here ! everything is always great and loaded with flavor . i 've never had anything less than perfection food wise . it is a bit fast paced and small so they want to get you in and out . it is a casual place . there are more traditional , formal korean places in montreal but i love dining here . it is a great place to start the night off right before hitting the town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent petit restaurant sur le pouce . un repas typiquement cor\u00e9en , loin de barbecues et autres . un petit coin de rue de cor\u00e9e en plein coeur de montr\u00e9al . tr\u00e8s bon repas , service rapide et efficace . un repas comme le bas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kantapia is a cute little home-y korean restaurant less minutes away from mcgill university . the lineup is always long when you go during lunch or dinner time but i find the food very average . however , it is worth mentioning that their prices are student friendly . throughout my 4 years at mcgill , i 've been here many times and tried a lot of things on their menu but i have yet to find a dish that is above average . their ramen is just a pack of glorified instant noodles , their rice cakes are very ordinary , their tofu soups lack a depth of flavour , their kimbap rolls taste more like rice than anything else and their katsus are over cooked , too oily and heavy and drenched with too much gravy . overall , im not a big fan of this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kantapia was packed full when i went . the waiters were overwhelmed but the food did not disappoint . my tuna kimbap was delicious and the tofu soup was as well . i 've been to several korean restaurants in montreal and this is the best that i 've tried .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the takoyaki here , i suggest taking them with a salad + desert ! they are a great side dish to share with a friend too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely restaurant run by a lovely couple . their meal of the day changes every week so be sure to follow them on facebook . it 's a nice find on rachel est . their food is simple and that 's what i enjoy . i always make sure to take their side salad and their carbonated drinks ( yuzu or ginger for me ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is something unique about this place . i 've been to biru , nozy , other restaurants - but the passion and love for cooking up art is exemplified by elise and hiday , the owners- so genuine and kind as people . meal of the day was exceptional and changes seasonally- thank you for making montreal a little more divine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm super late doing this review but here we go ... my group purchased tickets for the pub crawl and of course we were late , but i believe it was andrew ( i do n't remember his name , but he was a sweet cutie ) was really cool & we met up with the group at the foundation room as they were getting ready to head over to mix . andrew was very profession but fun . he made sure he did n't leave anyone and that everyone had a good time . we lucked out with a really large and lively group , so it what a slight bummer when we lost track of them at our endpoint lax . i am planning another trip to vegas for july & i plan on using vip unltd again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i planned a bachelor party for about 15 guys and went with vip unltd . andrew hooked us up - we got into great clubs ( light at mandalay bay , mix at the hotel , hyde and the bank at bellagio ) . we waited in lines for a total of 15 minutes . everyone had a great time ! pros : convenient way to get into clubs , especially for a group of all guys ( although the girls from other groups that night enjoyed themselves too ) cons : have to meet by 10:30pm ( may be early for some groups ) overall : we had a time and andrew was great to work with . i 'd do it again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time with andrew ! he was a lot of fun . and being able to go around to different clubs was a great way to scope out the nightlife since we 've never been to vegas before . i would definitely recommend this to vegas newcomers who want to party !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vip unlimited was a nice little deal for vegas . as most of you know , you should not got clubbing without a plan in vegas . if you do , you may waste 3 hours of your time waiting in lines . our host was andrew and he was mad cool hooking us up with 4 shots on the night . apple vodka and cranberry juice was definitely on point . most of our crawl was focused in mandalay bay . the venues were light , mix . foundation room , and lax in the luxor . the were all walking distance and all had there perks whether it was the view , music , or vibe . had a great time and definitely would do it again but this time with hopefully a different mix of clubs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great time with host andrew . was a lil unsure about a club tour but this is the best way for a bunch of dudes ( 10 of us ) to get in and out of some pretty good venues . party bus was great . other parties were great . all great . would do again . p.s . do n't be a dick . tip your host at the end of the night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got off to a late start and first venue was not our cup of tea , however you do get a lot for your money and get to see a nice variety of cool spots . check em out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went with danny boi and this vip tour was awesome ! best host ever . everyone we went with was awesome and i will go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely recommend to bar crawl with vip unlimited , we were a group of six no waiting in lines , got to see 3 major fun clubs , ride the party bus have complementary drinks on the way to the vegas sign which i loved . definitely will use their service again next time we go to vegas . if you come across people complaining about being left behind at the clubs , keep in mind they either did not pay attention or got intoxicated . because andrew it 's super clear with instructions . we had great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked a club tour weeks in advance , and a couple hours before the event was set to start , i received a text letting me know they cancelled the event for the night and would reimburse me ... it has been weeks since and i have emailed and called them multiple times over multiple weeks , and yet i have yet to receive a call email back nor any form of contact has been made about reimbursement . this was such a scam , and the complete unprofessionalism and thirst for money is appalling . i would highly recommend you think twice before booking with them . there are definitely other companies in vegas that offer the same service , and are likely more reliable , professional , and willing to work with customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we missed the first venue but had a great time at every other place . it was worth the price and would recommend it to everyone who wants to check out multiple bars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went on a student trip to new york this weekend with tnt-tours and i have to say that it was a blast . we saw a lot with the time that we had . the guides were very informed about the city and that was refreshing for me because i have never been to nyc before . tnt organized the perfect balance between guided tours and scheduling our own free time to explore the city for us post-secondary students . thanks tnt for a great experience : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like everyone else , i 'm going to blow sunshine up the ass of the venetian poker room . good tournaments , always have cash games running , solid staff , good cocktail service . 5 stars for one of the better poker rooms in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's the biggest and best poker room in vegas , by a wide margin . ( unless you 're a super high roller at bobby 's room or something like that ) they also have great tournaments there too . the only ding is that they stopped serving fiji water there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid dealers , spacious room , high tech features out the ass , and a floor staff and management that actually give a shit . you would think it would just be about the dealing but you would be wrong . this place feels like a home away from home when i want to play some poker and have a good time . oh , and they will basically spread any game you want . ca n't beat it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just ca n't seem to win in this place even with outrageous amounts of luck and skill . rigged i tell you , rigged . next time i 'm betting on the house or going back to the palazzo .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great place to play ! played a few tournaments in the most recent deepstack extravaganza . well lit , good climate ( unlike the freezing cold tournament poker room at foxwoods ) , well spaced so you never feel crowded . dealers and staff we all unfailingly polite and informative over the course of the several days i played here . comfortable seats , phone charging stations under the table , table service for food from the grand lux often deeply discounted , and quick beverage service . while caesar 's is the closest i 've been to on the strip , the venetian poker room blows away the competition compared the majority of the other rooms around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as an avid poker player , i am dissapointed to say that the venetian poker room is no longer the top dog on the strip . why is that ? gone are the free fiji water bottles . the only juices you get are the crappy non-fresh ones you get from the spray hose . the cash games are still juicy and the tournament are top notch ! i just feel less of a vip here compared to my experience at the aria poker room .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always games going on here , this poker room is one of the nicer rooms in the area . they 've reduced the benefits from $ 2 per hour in player credits to $ 1 . there are really nice massage therapists ready to iron out the stress of all-in play . it only takes about 60 hours of play to get a decent comp for bouchon . check out the deepstack tournaments throughout the week .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably the best poker room in vegas . there are always lots of tables and games going on . while other casinos do n't have very many games running , venetian always does ! there are low stakes tables too like 100 min buy-in with 1 2 blinds . the drop is not horrendous either . definitely recommend this to anyone looking !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite room in town . since the renovation , you have so much space . there is no tripping over other players to get to and from your seat . i think if the bellagio operated a room with this much space , they would cram at least twice as many tables in there , if not more . drink service is very steady , and of course they have the fiji waters that everyone loves . the sportsbook is close , as is a large bathroom . venetian frequently spreads omaha games in addition to the usual litany of hold em games . good comps too . just a great poker room with good dealers and a good variety of games and tournaments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best poker room i have been to in la or vegas -plenty of tables and games -most comfortable chairs -very friendly and knowledgable dealers and floorpersons -good action", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cocktail service and it 's spacious , yes , but there 's no jackpot ! lame .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite poker room in las vegas . i wish all poker rooms were as nice as this . it is a large beautiful room with comfortable chairs and good dealers . i enjoy the venetian deepstack events as well as their daily tournaments . they also have many cash games and i enjoy playing 4-8 omaha here . they do offer food service however i prefer to get take out from one of the nearby restaurants . extra bonus is having an power strip under the table so i can charge my phone as i 'm playing . my one suggestion would be to have larger screens for the tournament clock so it is easily visible from every seat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed playing here for a few hours the last time i visited the strip : a no-brainer since i was staying at the venetian . got a seat pretty quickly , and found it relatively easy to win . unfortunately , my wife ended up spending all of my earnings in the venetian 's shops ... . sigh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is incredible . the reason im giving it a 1 star is because of their food service ... i had been playing several days , on my third day i decided to get some food after 5 hours of game time . it took around 20 min for the server to get there then it took another 20 min for the food to get arrive . luckily the server was very courteous and explain how busy they where and apologized . this poker room needs to have a bigger food service staff to service the biggest poker room on the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the decor is relaxing and the mood is always good . the staff are all very friendly and the other players are usually fish . the rake makes you feel like they 're doing it for your benefit and not a profit , although i 'm sure they make enough . the drinks are great including coffee bean inspired coffees and strong mixed drinks . after playing in a lot of awful poker rooms in vegas , i 've decided that i will only play here when in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent poker room . $ 2 an hour . only poker room i know that gives that much . poker dealers are great . room is big . very organized . love the deep stack tournaments they have yearly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "biggest room on the strip . lately only 15 or 16 tables play at most . room is nice . dealers very good . management mediocre , not wynn or aria . my biggest bitch is the slowness and inefficiency of the cocktail waitresses . slow as bally 's which i never went back to . do n't know why v gets all these good reviews . different strokes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best place to find a game in vegas ! hands down ! dealers , great . bosses , great . waitresses , great . game selection , great . seriously . worth the walk time stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best place i have ever played in vegas . the staff is very attentive and nice and the action is always great cause the v holds convetions all the time and the conventioners are always ready to blow off some cash playing poker on there trip to vegas . after all it could n't be much different that there home game , huh ? ? the management is quick to open a table so you are not waiting long and no matter what time of the day there is always a game going on . there are so many local grinders here that love to call off with top top which can be nice sometimes too , unless of course your caught bluffing . the service is pretty good but the waitresses although nice , could be a little younger and more attractive . the comps just got bumped to $ 2 hr which means you can afford a nice lunch after a morning of grinding or a nice dinner if you been playing all day . if your truly a poker player then do n't stop anywhere but here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to vegas about once a month and always make my way to this poker room . the players are always friendly and so are the dealers . i found if i go during the day there are many regulars so the game will be very consistent . however , if you want action go later at night when the cocktails are kicking in and the new players are there . speaking of cocktails , they will give you top shelf liquor , which , for me can be bad when i play poker . darn , why does the waitress keep coming around so much , i guess i have to order another . i do wish they had jackpots like at all the cesar casinos . like at bally 's they have high hands and if you hit quads you get paid $ 200.00 , which , i hit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 3.5 stars , i would . if you stay at the palazzo like i did , you have to walk over to the venetian to get some rounders action . pretty large poker room , with really good number of tvs visible from almost every seat ( great when you 've laid down some bets at the sports book table right outside the poker room ) . they also have food service , but i saw that the food was pretty pricey and that they also tack on a delivery charge , so i 'll pass on that . overall polite and professional dealers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a classy poker room ! just the right size . i have been to many poker rooms in vegas , and i can say this is one of the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a local , this is my go-to place for poker . great tourneys & structures . floor staff that know what the tda rules are and friendly . great dealers , mostly friendly and efficient . cash games are always going with multiple tables for each type of game . i highly recommend this room for first timers , pros , locals , poker enthusiasts , just everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the nicest poker room i 've ever visited . i went here for the venetian deep stack extraveganza for my first vegas poker trip . i ended up doing pretty well , but the most impressive part was the poker room . the room is huge , has tons of tables , they 're mostly filled , and there 's room between the tables to breathe and walk . the cocktail servers come around very frequently . the dse tournament i played was the two re-entry day $ 400 and it drew over 700 total people . i loved the structure . the tournament staff were top notch , professional , and the tournament was run very , very well . i was very impressed by the staff and tournament . i really wish i lived in vegas or the places in san diego could match the venetian 's tournaments or even come close to them . upshot : amazing trip and experience . i loved this poker room . i will definitely go back and this room will be my go-to room in vegas . thank you , venetian , for an amazing trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i give 5 stars for dr. willden but only 3 stars for his staff . i have been seen by him for over 13 years and i trust him , literally with my life . he is a good man and a great dr !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been seeing dr willden for 3 years now . i e never had a doc actually take his time to talk to you about issues and give you pointers on what you can do to help your quality of life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girls at the front desk are rude and act like you 're bothering them if you call for anything . usually when you call in you are put on hold for 10-15 minutes . every time i 've been told i 'll get a call back they never ever return calls . absolutely horrible service and unacceptable for a doctors office . i have only seen connie the nurse practitioner and she was great . i do n't have any complaints about her . the front desk staff ruins any good though . i honestly do n't think i would recommend this place unless you like being treated like a nuisance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kind and efficient , i can go to dr. wilden with any amount of concerns and i truly feel like he listens and does all he can to resolve each concern . when he enters the room you have his full attention . the rest of his staff members are just as competent and kind , and the wait once i get to their office is usually between 5 and 10 minutes . i could n't be happier with this doctor , i would recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an enormous arts and crafts facility . we were here on black friday and everyone was loading up on gift wrapping paper and christmas ornaments . much better quality and more of a selection . items were depleating fast because of the sales as well as the demand for holiday items . was able to get an ornament for the christmas tree top . my friend got over 20 glass ornaments . plus extension cords and other goodies . staff at cash register were friendly and helpful . had so many glass items that had to be wrapped to prevent from breaking . be prepared for long lines . it took them a while to open another cash register . watch out for ladies with flying shopping carts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here 's your pro tip : if you are paying full price at michaels , you 're doing it wrong . the coupons are everywhere . download the app ( the easiest , there 's even a coupon tab ) or check their website . michaels sends me a text message pretty much every day with a deal of some sort . the workers are all so nice , sometimes they 'll even offer coupons there at the register . this is my go-to michales store . not the biggest in the area , but it 's the closest to my house . i come here for all my crafting needs . they pretty much have it all . sometimes if i 'm looking for inspiration or ideas for an event , i just wander aimlessly around the store looking up and down every aisle . i do n't recommend coming here anytime around lunch . the park rd shopping center is hella crazy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "charlotte , north carolina this michaels provided me my imaginary foam planets for my teach charlotte interview ! which i did get the job offer ! ; - ) my best teaching interview ever . ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i braved michael 's right before the holidays looking for something for a gift . yes , they had what i was looking for but not until i walked to the other side of the store and back to try and find it . the store is small and cramped . it 's difficult to move around and even more difficult to find what you are looking for because not everything has a sign . and trying to find someone to assist when it 's right before the holidays is also next to impossible . checkout was extremely slow also . 2 lines open and 10 people in each line . all i wanted to do is get out . i was tempted to just drop everything and do that but i stayed and paid for my items . the one plus is things are cheap here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i spend a lot of time at craft stores ... for some reason ... . this michael 's is set up like most of the other michael 's in the area . seasonal stuff in the middle , scrap-booking stuff on the left , frames artwork at the back , misc stuff on the right . i usually find myself in the painting isle looking at acrylics and brushes . you can always find cool stuff set out in the middle of the aisles - i have fallen victim to the occasional impulse buy here . store empolyees are pretty friendly and the store is kept in good condition . mind the busy park rd shopping center parking lot on your way in and out . there 's a nice caribou brugger 's location next door if you want to make an afternoon of it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the smaller locations i 've been to , but all in all they had a good variety . i came here for some holiday decor and it was my lucky day with everything 70 % off . the floral section is n't too large so i left empty handed , but i found a great holiday wreath for my door . i recommend coming here if you 're looking for some simple decor pieces or crafting materials , however i would rather go to hobby lobby next time because they have a much bigger variety .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is based on customer service during my last visit , and the 2 stars might be generous . i went in search of elastic string and wandered the aisles to no avail until finally coming across a sales associate . i was told the elastic would be in aisle 61 with no offer of showing me in person . i did not find the elastic and so proceeded to the cash register to purchase my other items and ask again . this time the associate said she had never seen such string and left it at that . i 'm quite sure that michaels does carry this product , but they certainly did not go out of their way to assist me in finding it or to confirm whether or not they did or did n't carry it . disappointed with the service i received .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "michaels is every pinteresters dream store . they have every crafty item needed . block of floral foam . got it . giant glass martini glass . check . baking supplies to make that rainbow cake . yup , that too . my dislikes ... it is cluttered and disorganized . the staff does n't really seem to know what 's going on either . but there is always a sale . never pay full price at michaels . there is always a 40-50 % off coupon you can get in the sunday paper or online .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted a unique valentine 's day present and i was able to pick up the ingredients here at michael 's . i 've managed to put together a decent shadow box as a gift for a customer here as well . everything you could possibly need for art supplies . pens , pencils , paint , chalk , paper products . a field 's worth of silk and plastic plants too . and more frames than the lapd needs for oj simpson ! prices are plus and minus . there are bargains to be found if you look closely .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a fan of michaels , definitely . craft projects , picture frames , seasonal decorations , silk flowers , bakeware - you are covered , and even better off if you remember to bring your coupons ! the first few trips here i was not the biggest fan . i was used to ones the size of big box stores , not one squeezed into a strip mall . but as i learned my way around the store and realized how they creatively displayed more product than you 'd think they could fit inside their walls - i have come to appreciate this location . lately i 've been drawn more towards the framing department , and they have a really friendly staff back there ! just do n't forget your coupons ! ( or load them on your smart phone )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love michaels ! it is hard not to come out with nothing , unless you are broke . - have a smartphone handy , and look for a viewable coupon on their website to avoid the hassle of printing coupons . show it to the cashier and get your deal of the week ! - scrapbook paper selections are awesome ! - bakery supplies for decorating a cake - lovely variety of christmas ornaments - and the list goes on - a tad bit messy and cramped in the store - the minus , wish they had a better selection of floral decor . also , even with the coupon deal , the savings are not great at all . better off with pier 1 for better selection that even they do not have for skinny tall vases .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love michaels ! the employees have always been really helpful if i ca n't find what i 'm looking for . they have an awesome section of adorable home decor . not to mention the generous amount of diy and craft supplies they offer . i also love the fact they always have coupons out and i do n't ever have to pay full price . the only drawback is their checkout line usually takes a little too long , but they are always very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually go to another crafts store closer to my house but i figured i would try michaels because i figured bigger store bigger selection . the layout of the store is fairly easy to navigate if you are looking for the more common items . i was looking for a specific type of plastic that is usually by the glue guns ( at most stores ) . after searching for roughly 10 minutes with no luck i went and asked an employee i seen re-stocking some inventory . she acted like i asked her if she could come out and help push my car to the gas station when i asked her if she could help me find the item . she walked about 4 steps and pointed and said if you ca n't find it there then we do n't have it . i thought that was odd because friendly plastic is pretty common , especially at a crafts store . anyway , i looked around for another 10 minutes and found it and it was no where near where she told me it would be . customer service here was terrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'll admit it ... this store is just overwhelming to me . i 'm only slightly crafty - along the lines of hammer nail bang bang done . i see plenty of ideas of things i 'd like to try , but walking along these narrow aisles chock-a-block with ummm - stuff - bamboozles my brain . baking stuff , t-shirt stuff , frames & posters & paint . glues & sparkles , tacks & buttons , beads & balsa wood ... oh yea & faux flowers ... i think you know where i 'm going with this ! i always find things i want , i get , they sit staring at my non-crafty-ness & they slowly make their way to goodwill . so - you crafty souls - this is your mecca . ( or goodwill )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one the cleanest locations i 've ever been to ( my grandmother live for arts and crafts , so that 's a lot ) . i , of course , wanted to indulge in an adult coloring book and the staff were really friendly and helpful ! i will definitely come visit this location again when another coloring book is needed for stress-free day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if grandma 's creative brain exploded on a sunday afternoon , this is what it would look like . they have paints , glues for any surface or material , brushes , picture frames all shapes and sizes , seasonal arts and crafts , beads and bedazzlers , candles galore , styrofoam in weird shapes and blocks , construction paper , wood shelving that you can stain or color any way you like , fake flowers , glass containers , etc . also , if you 're into scrap-booking michael 's is probably a dream come true .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i spent many summers practically living at michael 's ... and now i have plenty of scrapbooks to show for it ! i love craft stuff ! michael 's is a great place for most of your craft making needs . they have a good selection of scrapbooking supplies , silk floral supplies , and baking stuff ... you 'll stay very busy once you spend an afternoon in here . they do not have a fabric section and i 've found that there are other craft stores with a larger selection ( e.g. , hobby lobby ) . however , this michael 's is in a great location and is a pretty good size .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst michael 's in charlotte . everything is mislabeled . the employees know nothing and the manager does n't know anything either . and let me not forget to mention i was in line just now for 20 mins for 1 pack of paint that i did not purchase because the cashiers are the slowest humans on earth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have nothing bad to say about the selection or quality , but no matter what michaels i have ever been to anywhere in the four states i have lived , the checkout process is horrendous . i have never not had to wait under 10 minutes in line . there are never enough registers open . today , i sat my purchase down and left . it 's not just the merchandise that matters , customers want a speedy checkout . at least i do !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hard to find what you 're looking for , even harder to find someone to ask . takes some searching but i always walk away with good stuff . overall i would go back for my crafting needs if i did n't have questions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend 's family has a vacation home here and we got to go to their recreation center on saturday afternoon . it was n't as crowded even for a 4th of july weekend . you can bring up to 4 people into the recreation center for only $ 5 per person per day . not bad . the recreation center has a pool and water slides . it 's like your own mini water park there . lots of tables , chairs and shade area . really big pool . i was very impressed . they also have indoor basketball courts , badminton , tennis courts , weight room , pool hall and workout rooms . it was really nice . also the area is beautiful . very green and well kept .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been to rhodes ranch 3x now , i 'm just not impressed . it 's easier to get in to nellis or edwards afb than here . security has very serious attitudes , and it 's just a major pita to get in because that over the top security slows up reasonable access for anyone living there much less their visitors . while i 'm all for good security this is overkill that 's really not effective . if you want to see how security is done right find a reason to go visit the switch supernap and see the best vs. how amateurs think it should be . once you get in it 's just another overglorified golf course community with an overactive hoa . nothing special , nothing you would want to deal with either . in short it 's ok to visit friends here , but that 's about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have lived in this community since 2008 and we used to love it . the last year it seems nazi security has taken over . food delivery places are threatening to stop delivering here and visitors are only allowed when security feels like it . people that are on my `` visitors list '' have been turned away and call me saying security turned them away . we are leasing and have leased with the same person since 2008 and will be moving when our lease is up . it would be one thing if the extra over the top security made the community safer , but look at an app like alertid and you 'll see they have n't . if you are a person that does n't have company , does n't order food or services and have no problem exchanging these things for a beautiful community than rhodes ranch is for you !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and i absolutely love living here ! we love the fact that there are strict hoa 's so you do n't have to worry about your neighbors disturbing your home life . people talk about getting fined . you probably deserve it . if you did n't want to live in a neighborhood with rules than you should not have moved here . i want to have respectful neighbors and a beautifully landscaped place to call home . every time that i drive through the gate i feel the stress of my day fall off . there are such great amenities to enjoy as well . if you want to live in a neighborhood where you feel safe and want to live around respectful neighbors than check it out . people who complain about it are probably the ones we do n't want in here anyways . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this community . the recreation center is amazing , it 's got golf course , indoor basketball court , gym , swimming pool ... etc . security are 24 hrs stand by , they also have security car driving around the community 24 7 which is one of the biggest reason i purchase my home here . location wise , it 's awesome as well . it is close to 215 east , west , south , north . 5 min away from vons , 10 mins away from wal mart . and hoa only $ 120 . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is where i 've lived for the past 3+ years . i love it here . great community center , gym , and pool . and a great golf course all walking distance from my front door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is soooo gorgeous ! my friend owns a house here and we stayed here over memorial day weekend . i love that it 's a golf resort residential gated area . my friend and i walked back on the streets at 2:30am , and it 's totally safe . he even layed on the ground a few times drunk in the middle of the street and i did n't have to really worry that cars would would come by and smush him . it has security at the main gates at all times , adding to the safety . the main street is lined with trees in the middle divider , really beautiful . i believe there is a rec center too , complete with a water slide . 24hour sonics is also nearby for late night munchies . overall amazing stay . beware though , all the houses and streets look exactly the same , so know how to get to your particular house vacation home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hoa is too picky on landscaping and charges unreasonable fines without proper communications . we have a professional gardener to maintain the yard and hoa still fine us when we are out of town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rhodes ranch is in the southwest part of las vegas and is a gated golf course community . it 's one of the nicer communities in the area and is sought after by many . you can probably compare it to many of the communities that are located in summerlin as well with nice , new houses that are definitely affordable ( since the housing crash ) . there are still new houses that are being built ( by dunhill homes ) . the hoa fees are definitely reasonable for what you get - gated community , work out facility , pool - including resort pool , lap pool and water park . definitely a community you should consider if you are looking to buy rent in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family purchased a home in 2011 . my continued compliments to very well groomed community and very good security . club house is a real plus specially when we have guests coming over . staff friendly , no problem showing guests around . dog friendly community and loved to walk around golf course . very nice and relaxing view . well maintained and groomed community . keep up the good work ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked this place , until they stole from me . i left a $ 350 speaker in the recreation center . luckily they found it . i came back to get it and suddenly no one knew where it was , even though the lady that ran the recreation center desk told me she personally found it and locked it up . someone had conveniently cleaned out the lost and found and management had no idea where my stuff was . back-and-forth for over a month they ignored my phone calls , claiming they were in meetings or they would call me right back and bouncing me around from person-to-person . originally they told me they would reimburse me and then after a month when i kept calling about it , they told me that it was not their responsibility . so nice to know the community managements steals from their residents !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the community is nice and posh . not sure who the neighbors are - seems like mostly investors . but the security is ridiculous . i bet white house does not have this level of security . is this really necessary ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am somewhat amused that there are renters and others who do not like living in a very secure and beautiful neighborhood . we have never had trouble getting vendors and friends through the gates - there is an easy on line app that allows you to give access . if you expect strangers to drive into the community to just waltz in - that is n't going to happen . that is why people moved here . if you do n't like it - please look elsewhere . this is a great place if you value safety , great rec center , beautiful walk around the golf course views , and recently many community events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how do i review a community ? i 've been inside one house before.. it 's real big in there ! hm.. one thing i really want to try is the big water park ! slides & a huge barrel of water that comes down when full ! let 's go !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i use to live in rhodes ranch ! it was amazing . we loved living there . great for pets , kids , or even single couples . the golf course is excellent , the water park for the kids is super cool , and the walking paths are great for exercise . truly a beautiful community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rhodes ranch is the best place on earth . i ca n't wait for the 1st moment that i can take my son to live here in this paradise . he will fall in love with the place to see everything that his dad gave up to be in his life . golf , basketball , volleyball , gym , parks , 5 pools , 24 7 security , privacy , friendly neighborhood , amazing churches nearby , a state of the art brand new prep school that just opened nearby , red rock national park in the back yard with cool caves my son and i will go spelunking in just a short 15 minute walk away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no music during this time . pool closes at 6pm . drinks were good ! ! ! that was the only good thing here was the drinks . about 25 min out from vegas strip $ 46 cab ride . better off staying on the strip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! ! ! i love that i top of reserved seating they have very nice grassy areas for standing sitting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to see a concert small venue but enough people to have fun o of complain not enough staff working beer areas to serve efficiently other then that loved it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great venue . lots of space . good sounds system . nice port-a-potty village : ) . i wish the tee-shirt vendors would stay open after the show , we missed out on purchasing shirts : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely horrific set-up . takes at least an hour to get drinks on a busy night ( like tonight for dustin lynch ) . will never come back.. ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not in high school and i 'm not a teacher but if you are looking for one of the best stair workout options in the summerlin area this is it . for the last couple of years on the weekend have hit the stairs and hills here and it 's a great workout . it seems to be somewhat popular but not too crowded and everyone is respectful of other people 's space . there are two sets of stairs so plenty of room to be creative and also run some laps in between , or do hill work , etc . since this is a school i 'm sure they would frown on this activity when school is in session so plan accordingly . not sure why this review initially got removed as you can go up there any given weekend and see a variety of people using the stair area for a workout so i 'm reposting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a graduate student from palo verde of 2014 . when i went to this school , all the staffs here are very nice and helpful . my counselor always makes her students to not give up and achieve academic goals . if i needed help on some questions , my teachers were always there to help me . ever since i left this school , i still remember all the great memories of my high school life . i wished that all my teachers from palo were my professors in college since they are the greatest teachers i ever had . if you are an 8th grader , you should come here for high school . there are tons of clubs and activities for everyone to enjoy . if you are a parent , palo verde is where you want your teenager to be successful and have a bright future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here years ago . class of 2009 . when i was going school here . it was a good school.. till some of the workers started getting racist..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good school with good kids , excellent teachers and good curriculum . my kids goes there and he enjoys school as much as a teenager can enjoy school . parking in front and back . good area . recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bit worn down . only hotel i have been at for the last 12 months that did not have a flat tv but a rather old and small crt type tv.. bar is good with attentive staff and a decent selection of drinks . food was not too good - had a ceasar salad ( with chicken ) that was pretty poor..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "perfect service and incredible food at le serpent . we went there tonight and the experience was really good . restaurant just opened couple weeks ago and everything detail is just good . i would only like more info on the wine selection . le filet and chasse et peche still on top of my list ... but this one is going to be a top 10 in montreal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food , good service , `` industrial '' decor is pretty meh ( high ceilings , pretty empty , `` cold , '' not much atmosphere ) . surprisingly good prices though ( relatively speaking ) especially the wine list . the first few steps into the place are n't going to set the scene mood for a great romantic date , but the food is spot on and value for money is probably the best in the city for this caliber of restaurant . not as heavy as chasse et peche , but just as delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "m\u00e9rite ses 5 \u00e9toiles . l'accueil est plus que chaleureux . l'assiette originale et go\u00fbteuse \u00e0 souhaits . figure tr\u00e8s certainement \u00e0 mon top 5 de montr\u00e9al . ne manquez pas le risotto au homard ou les linguinis . je sors ravi \u00e0 chacune de mes visites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool new resto . food was awesome- great lobster risotto , beet salad , rabbit agnolotti . reasonable prices . decor is industrial- could have benefitted from some mood lighting and comfy chairs . overall , a great meal for good price . would return again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but small portions i love love their oysters and mignonette the lobster risotto is also very good on the pricey side nice atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place ! only downfall was how small the cocktails were . we were in our teeny tiny dresses , and we wanted to feel satisfied after our meal- not stuffed . i thought the portions were fine . four girls shared several things , from apps to entrees , and ending with dessert . we had 2 rounds of drinks , a filing meal , and topped off with dessert and some port wine . for apps , we got the crab special with avocado , oysters , and 3 kinds of fish sashimi style . for entrees , we all shared black linguine , ravioli , fish , and steak . for dessert , they specialized the menu and inserted my name instead for one of them ( nice touch ! ) we also ordered a separate chocolate dessert . everything was spectacular - our server was amazing . def missing this place after i got back to nyc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le serpent is one of those places that perfectly balances ambiance , food quality , service , and `` hip '' factor . the speck linguini has to be one of the best pasta dishes i 've had in the city . i shared a half portion with a friend , but will most certainly get the full plate next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an incredibly memorable and delicious lunch ! enjoyed every bite ! ! from a beautiful decor to unique and flavourful dishes , it was a perfect experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picked this restaurant from some of the recent recommendations i have seen . it 's in a odd location as not much around in the evening . old industrial building which gives the restaurant a simple but trendy look and feel . service was very friendly as soon as we walked in as someone took our coats and showed us to our table . super friendly waitress spoke french and english perfectly . she took the time to explain the menu and gave some very good recommendations . great wine selection and varying price ranges . started off with the 3 fish entry - all delicious - the bar was our favorite - then to the lobster ravioli - omg it was lick the plate delicious ! ! ! and finished with the monday night special which was a very nice portion of delicious short ribs . for dessert - had the tiramisu espresso - again just the right size and soooo tasty . the restaurant was full - but with the high ceilings it was not noisy at all . good parking in the evening .. will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to le serpent in dec 2014 for office xmas dinner . it 's a cool place with industrial look . make sure you look for the small sign outside , otherwise you might end up passing by it . not cool when the city is in the middle of a snow storm ( wink wink ) food is good , pretty diverse for this kind of restaurant , however i found portions to be pretty small . $ 30 for 2 medium size veal medallions as main dish..meh . i find it expensive if you get just the main dish without entree + appetizer . service was good , ca n't complain . overall a good place , but not the kind of restaurant where you want to go with an empty stomach unless you 're ready to dish out 50-60 $ for entree , appetizer and main dish . not impressed . fancy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant is amazing . we had a team dinner here today and our team is admittedly demanding with our dietary restrictions and general inability to arrive on time , but the staff here is more than accommodating and our waiter , maxime , provided the hands down the best service i 've had in montreal over my last year of time working here . atmosphere aside , we shared 9 dishes and 4 desserts and they were all fantastic . get the tiramisu , it is absolutely amazing . i will be moving this restaurant to the top of my recommendation list starting tomorrow . tip : parking is kind of a pain , but there is a lot nearby ( not the one across the street , though ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was very hard to get reservations on nye anywhere in montreal . le serpent was undecided on opening for nye three weeks prior ... i called everyday hoping they changed their minds . i 'm so glad they did ! they made our new year so memorable from their amazingly delicious food to the top notch service we got from our waiter , sam . let 's start off with the food . kit -french inspired sashimi 3 ways-very nice starter venison tartare- to die for truffle linguini with candy bacon and cauliflower- a must try . so freaking good rabbit tart- yes ! ! ! the flavors just bursts in your mouth kobe beef flank and lobster.- so tender , so juicy , so goood ! the atmosphere was chic and casual . le serpent is not seen from the streets and can be easily missed , look for a warehouse style place . its a hidden gem . it 's a must when visiting montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some friends and i traveled to montreal last weekend and ate at le serpent on saturday . every aspect was fantastic . the space is super cool . great cocktails and amazing food . probably the best foie gras i 've ever had and one of my favorite restaurants to date actually . sam was our waiter and he was the best . super knowledgeable and so fun . the whole staff was so welcoming . thanks sam and le serpent ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chefs of le serpent put their names on their menus and you can taste see why . this is not a place for good eats , but it is a great place to try culinary creations . even when i disagree with the chef , i would still give 5 star for the craftsmanship .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our new favorite restaurant in montreal . it is quite simply excellent . i could talk about the food all day . it was such a creative , exciting thoughtful menu from appetizers to desserts along with really warm and welcoming service . we will definitely be back here happily !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant dans griffinton , tr\u00e8s bien cach\u00e9 alors ouvrez l'oeil ! dej\u00e0 en rentrant , vous serez charm\u00e9 par l'endroit ! industriel , \u00e9pur\u00e9 et juste assez d\u00e9cor\u00e9 pour bien balancer le tout ! et que dire de la bouffe ! c'est un peu cher , mais vous payerez pour de la qualit\u00e9 ! nous avons pris l'entr\u00e9e de trois poissons crus , d\u00e9licieux , avec un plat de p\u00e2tes , comme avant met principal , au porc effiloch\u00e9 et \u00e0 l'ail noir et finalement , nous avons pris l'assiette du moment , un r\u00f4ti de boeuf qui vient en entier avec l'os et qui \u00e9tait cuit \u00e0 la perfection ! vraiment , c'est un endroit id\u00e9al pour red\u00e9couvrir les mets italiens ! nous nous sommes faits offrir le dessert , un tiramisu dans une tasse , auquel il verse un shot d'espresso dessus ! ca fondait en bouche ! vraiment du bon service avec des bonnes suggestions , nous ne sommes pas de\u00e7us ! un incontournable \u00e0 montr\u00e9al !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mon coup de coeur est le tiramisu auquel le serveur ajoute un espresso minute \u00e0 la table . c\u00f4t\u00e9 vin , on retrouve une belle s\u00e9lection de bouteilles \u00e0 partir de 35 $ . mon risotto au homard , betteraves jaunes , basilic et mascarpone \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieux . j'ai vraiment aim\u00e9 c\u00f4t\u00e9 facture ? une centaine de dollars pour 2 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food . one of the best risotto i had this side of the atlantic . wine selection is more than adequate , service was near perfect . will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing . the service was stellar . the server , hostess , and bussers went out of their way to help us out . the food was stellar . the carpaccio and the first pasta on the menu ( i think linguine ) were absolutely amazing . it 's a super sexy location as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spent 2 hours and 45 minutes there for a dinner . because the food was good and service was slow . recommend the salmon , cooked at 53c to keep the texture and color . also the duck breast that taste like veal , confusing but fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we gave this place a try after seeing it on many must eat lists for montreal . we were pretty impressed with our food-though we only ordered one entree each and our waiter kept informing us that it would not be enough food ( it was plenty ) . we ordered the tagliolini , the veal risotto , another pasta dish with pork , and the ravioli . the dishes were all excellent and unique . my biggest disappointment was my $ 12 cosmo that tasted like water , so i do n't suggest ordering a cocktail . stick with wine instead . i greatly enjoyed our dinner but it is a pricy place . also , we had trouble finding the place so yes the shady side door is the entrance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were just me and my husband , had no trouble finding the place ( which is walkable from downtown montr\u00e9al \u00b115 min . ) the place is an old industrial space that was converted , trendy pleasant and comfortable . my husband and i arrived a few minutes before our reservations and were seated right away , the greet was very professional as we left our coats at the entrance . we were explained the menu and specialties , opted to share the octopus as an appetizer ( a delicious discovery ) followed by the lobster risotto for me and the salmon for my husband ... which both melted in our mouths ! we accompanied our meal with a bottle of pinot blanc from wann ( highly recommend it ! priced at 56 $ ) , a private import , and indulged a selection of cheeses to end our meal . the whole thing cost us 137 + tx . and service which we thought was a very decent price . would definitely go back ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la d\u00e9coration est parfaite , l'ambiance est cool , le service par la suiteuse marie \u00e8ve est sans faille ... et la nourriture est malheureusement seulement correcte . aucun plat ne m\u00e9rite vraiment d'y retourner a part le risotto au homard et le dessert au chocolat ... .le tartare de thon \u00e9tait beaucoup trop sal\u00e9 de m\u00eame que la salade de crabe . la trilogie de poissons est bonne mais le p\u00e9toncle au g\u00e9n\u00e9ral tao vient tuer le go\u00fbt d\u00e9licat de celui ci . on va d\u00e9finitivement au filet avant d'aller ici ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is fancy , rachel mcadams was eating at the table next to ours . the food is expensive but top notch ! had a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "avons eu la chance de d\u00e9guster un repas magnifique en famille . le plaisir de partager les plats comme le veut la tradition italienne , ce qui nous permets de go\u00fbter \u00e0 diff\u00e9rents plats . la nourriture y est excellente . de la tartelette au lapin en passant par le risotto ou un bon orsotto au jarret de veau . sans oublier bien entendu les desserts aussi excellents et un bon am\u00e9ricano pour terminer . malgr\u00e9 le fait qu'on ne peut y apporter notre vin , la carte qui nous est offertes est sans contredit , volumineuse . le service y est excellent et les gens chaleureux . pour nous , c'est un endroit \u00e0 garder dans notre r\u00e9pertoire de restaurants o\u00f9 retourner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there with my girlfriend during the week , i think it was a on a tuesday night . it was my second time at le serpent . i absolutely enjoyed my experience , from the appetizers to the desert . despite the fact that the portions are not very big , they make sure that was they serve are quality products with tasty accompaniments . the food was simply exquisite and makes you discover new flavors and food combinations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we probably had the best meal of our lives here ! we started with the vichyssoise which was absolutely incredible . then we had the octopus which was also delicious ( i preferred the first , but my fianc\u00e9 preferred this dish ) and then had the freshest pasta dishes ! it tasted as if the pasta was rolled out specifically for us . we finished our meal with the tiramisu . every single dessert sounded fabulous . as a nut allergy sufferer , i rarely get to pick from the full dessert menu , so it felt great to get to pick from 5-6 choices ! overall , awesome food , great service and cool ambiance . would love to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a culinary experience indeed ! minimalistic decor on the inside of the restaurant . and , you can barely see the sign from the outside . the food speaks for itself . lots of flavors and spices and pairing of different flavors of foods . if your a foodie , you have to try this place . the food is off the hook !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice asian fusion restaurant , inspired by vietnamese cuisine but suited for the british palate . summer rolls with avocados , crayfish\u200b , or tuna , rolled in sunflower and pumpkin seeds . not sure about the tuna . seeds add a nice touch , especially if you have a peanut allergy . banh mi sandwiches with hanoi chicken or pork , pickled carrots and dikon , edamame pate , garlic mayo . friendly staff , well priced for workday bite or before hopping on the train . will be bringing friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly service ! good coffee . made these tourists feel welcome ! thanks for all the tips !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here as a tourist for a quick takeaway lunch and got a jerk chicken sandwich which seemed to have some vietnamese flavors . the owner was very friendly and the ceiling was decorated with colorful paper cranes . it 's in an arch under a street so the location was interesting as well . this place is celebrating its 1st anniversary soon and the owner mentioned he would be celebrating it with himself and a panini ... hope the best for the future of this shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess their `` open 24hrs '' sign is just for looks , or maybe they were too busy checking facebook on their smartphones at 2:30am on a saturday night , it 's all good cause jack in the box always has prompt service.. maybe next time huh ? ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you 're in a hurry and want some fast mexican food del taco is the spot . i always stop by this del taco . i love that they keep it clean and the service is fast and friendly . my go to is the burrito and taco meal with fries . i just love their cuts of fries and burrito is tasty . i mean it 's fast food so this is n't as good as going to a regular mexican restaurant but it still meets my craving . i give it 3 stars as it 's clean , service is friendly , and food is decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always slow service . i just left after sitting in the drive thru for 10 mins . went to jack in the box and i am already leaving with food . this location is alwaya super slow , especially on a satuday night . last time i was here on a saturday i waited for for 20-30 mins . they are simply super slow", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thumbs up for the 50 cents - 1 dollar menu . just got a 2 full bags of food for 2 and two drinks for 8 bucks . taco bell 's menu of cheap items are left in the dust here . food is fresh for fast food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible , horrible , horrible customer service ! the saying customers come first doesnt exist here ! we waited while the cashier ordered her `` called in '' order from family friends . front of the house girl was very unprofessional , talking about personal issues loudly . not sure if she thought the attention was cute or that we were amused but we were n't . we will definitely not being going back to this location . it is a shame because the times i 've gone before the staff was different and they had better customer service . and to wrap things up they messed up our order ... round of applause .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in around lunch time and was able to place a large order of over 70 items . i was feeding a large group and this location was super courteous throughout the entire process . definitely a fan of the service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went up to vegas to help my son move back to his old home . stopped here for a late snack before we headed out on the road.. what a slow del taco this has to be the slowest and worst managed del taco i have been to in quite some time . this place needs to be avoided if at all possible unless you have a long time to wait for your order ... . wow a long wait ! ! ! we sat here for 15 minutes after we ordered . it seemed like they got confused and were making each order before starting the other ... not like del taco", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after reading the reviews i hesitated to go in , we love del taco ! ! our food was warm , minus the fries they were warm . everything was delicious . the customer service was awesome . the guy working the counter was super friendly and nice . the facilities were super clean . i am glad my son and i stopped it . was a nice snack after a long day of playing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while eating a soft chicken taco i bit down on what appeared to be a chicken bone in a very hard piece of grissle . the result was upper and lower gum irritation and pain in both my right rear upper and lower teeth . bad experience ! check out foreign objects that may be lurking in your food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here often for lunch , very fast service and temperature , quality , and preparation of food is alwaysgood ! ! i like the fact that all the sauces are in baskets right on the table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the slowest del taco in the world . no matter what time of day it is , it literally takes you 10 minutes to get through the drive through , if not more . even if you 're the only one in line ! it 's ridiculous but del is delicious so i 'm stuck . my order is always right and the food is fresh so they get 2 stars instead of 1 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "grabbed a quick bite here today and i was impressed . i thought this place would be like a taco bell but was suprised that the food was actually pretty good . they mostly have a simple mexican fast food menu but , they also sell burgers and have a small breakfast selection available all day . i did n't have any problems with my order however another customer from the drive-thru came in with a complaint . they fixed their mistake quickly and without hassle . prices are good and the portions are huge . they also got an a from the health department , so i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worse and i mean the absolute worse del taco in nevada . they should be shut down . the late night shift has to be ran by circus monkeys i 'm convinced . they give you your of old food on top of never being in uniform . i bet the reason why they do n't wear their name tag at nite is for this exact reason . my 4 and 5 year old son could make me a better burrito n taco then these local jokers . someone go shut this shit hole down !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so upset this is the third time ive gone to this del taco , ordered a bean cheese deluxe burrito and barely get any lettuce , barely any tomatoes , this time zero tomatoes , and now put in random french fries gross ... i even said id pay extra for the lettuce n tomato n sour cream and still i get a fail compared to the one i got when the big boss or owner was there after the wind storm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this a lovely cafe . very friendly woman runs the place and is very sweet and conversational . i love the front part of the store with the bay window and window seat facing bloor street . perfect for watching the hustle and bustle of the city or people watch . americano had amazing flavour and perfect bite to it ! they also have a variety of lovely nibblys to pair with coffee or tea . only wish ps mine would be a- to have cushions on the benches by windows to make it comfort and b- i am patio lover . i 'm definitely making this my go to spot for coffee before work or walks in high park it 's definitely one of the best on this stretch of bloor st w .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . just wow . this was exactly what i was looking for to kick off a 4-day vacation in toronto ! this quaint little spot is a gem that appeals to a variety of desires . it 's a lovely marriage of pinball , craft beer , and vinyl . we were given helpful recommendations of the local craft beer and friendly conversation from the bartender . we went straight to the pinball machines which run about $ 1 per game or $ 2 for 3 . there are just enough machines to keep you entertained for awhile , but not too many as to overwhelm or intimidate . they 're all working very well , including the other arcade games such as street fighter ii ( which are only a quarter to play ! ) . they also sell vinyl and play a rad selection of rock tunes to set the mood while you drink , play , and hang . i need a place like this at home . it 's cozy , hip , and all around a really good time . 10 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing space ! ! based on my first impression , hands down , my favourite cafe at the moment ! it 's beautiful , sweet and clean in here ! the seating area reminds me of a living room dining area in an interior decorating magazine or something . it 's very homey , clean and simple with cute little accents . feels like going over to my stylish best friend 's condo lol . the friendly owner has a wide selection of teas and a little sampling display where you can smell each flavour before ordering . i 'm making it my goal to try each flavour at least once lol . i 'm not a pastry person , but you must try their butter tarts ! the red velvet cupcake is amazing too ! but the butter tart ! i 've never had a flakey crust butter tart before ! it 's such a good idea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to play pinball in toronto ! had a blast here and luckily got to play with the folks that run both the place itself and the machines . well maintained pinball with a nice mix of eras too . definitely wan na come back to check it out again the next time i 'm in the 416", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's everything you 've been wanting in a coffee shop . 1 ) amazing espresso 2 ) friendly staff and customers 3 ) awesome music and art 4 ) chill vibe oh and 5 ) the best buttertart in the gta . pinball too ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pinball anywhere ! what a fantastic place . best collection of pins i have seen anywhere ! in excellent shape . check out there recent selection of pins : twilight zone , attack from mars , funhouse , the new star wars , new batman ( to be replaced with lord of the rings ) and others i did n't have time to play . owner is a great hostess and loves pinball ! i can not recommend this place enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good selection of tea and vinyl . friendly staff . cozy decor and fun videos projected on the wall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gem is our mid week go-to ! cozy , with delicious beverages and really great drink specials ! the owners are fantastic , and always friendly . loving the fact that we can add to the vinyl collection while having a pint ! sammies available also ; each one pinball `` themed '' by name . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable . wish there was more seating so i could spend more time here . americano was top notch . by far the coolest thing on bloor between lansdowne to jane ( and well beyond )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little place , great tea selection ! the woman behind the counter was friendly & warm . i do n't have a record player ( yet ) so that section of the store was lost on me . seating was sparse ; i was grateful it was n't more crowded otherwise our tea shop excursion would have turned into a tea-to-go-walk instead . i 'd like to revisit in a bit to see if they 've upped their cozy factor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really amazing people running an innovative place . super accommodating and friendly to this out of town visitor . honestly my new fav place to visit and play pinball in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! great coffee , great people , great good , great music , great atmosphere , fast wifi ! ! and great prices on vinyl and damn..everything comes at a great price ! i do n't wan na come across as someone who is blowing smoke just cause but ... honestly its a really nice change from your average coffee company . highly recommended for everyone . update : just went back to get some coffee and found that they took away the wifi because people stayed too long", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spent about 3 hours here on a wednesday afternoon working on my laptop . fantastic selection of tasty teas , scrumptious desserts , great music , captivating decor and really nice staff . i '' ll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a quaint relaxing place . while it 's an indie coffee shop , it 's not completely grungy like some hipster coffee shops . it reminds me of an upper middle class living room with its comfy couches , antique records and how well everything is organized . as for the food and drinks , well they had a great selection of pastries such as scones , butter tarts , muffins , cookies and empanadas . they also had your normal coffee selection with espresso based drinks , fancy tea and normal coffee . i had the empanada with spicy chipotle dipping and an iced coffee . the empanada was nice and crispy , fair amount of filling , sweet on the outside and salty on the inside . it also went really well with an iced coffee that was not too strong , but also not too watery . verdict : this is a great place to chill and study . also - they take debit and credit ! sweet for an indie coffee shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , it screams hipster and it hurts you a little to see it everywhere you look , but we still loved it . my creme brulee chai tea latte was one of the best tea lattes i 've had , they actually give you a fist sized tea sachet . it was half the drink . i had my cup refilled with water after and it was a very nice chai . enough on drinks , the cafe itself is beautiful . you understand the name as soon as you 're there . the staff were funny and friendly , happy to give me some butter for the roll of bread i brought in . wish i lived closer ! will remember for future high park visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in the area this place is definitely worth popping into . great decor , super friendly staff , a well curated record collection and an abundance of tea . as the other reviews mentioned they do n't have espresso coffee yet , but the impressive tea selection , delicious treats and good music still makes them a great destination in my book .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . staff is extremely warm . bright spots to sit in front . cool `` woodsy cottage '' room in the back with comfortable couches . great variety of sandwiches , snacks & teas . always some pretty sweet tunes playing - as you might expect from a cafe shop that sells new & used records .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this coffee-cum-record shop has a great selection of teas , friendly service , and a real independent , community spirit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place for the vibe , coffee , treats and well-rounded , though limited , selection of records . nice people too . a very nice neighbourhood place . it 's been featured here : http : tovinyl.wordpress.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is awesome , relaxed and super friendly . loved the ambiance and loved their tea as well . this is the kind of place i 'd visit often if i lived in toronto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i fucking love cabin fever ! but to be fair , what is n't there to love about quality vinyl , pinball machines , and tall boy beers for seven bucks , all packed into a little hole-in-the-wall spot ? ? cabin fever has the quirky attribute that many bars need these days . their beer selection offered a few taps , and over a dozen tall boy beers that are all originated no more than 50km away . you can take your beer in glass , or in can if you prefer ( which i recommend , as the pinball machines have cup holders ) . vinyl records hang the wall with some string lights around . usually , i 'm against the seemingly lackluster hanging of string lights , but it really plays into the enjoyable ambience produced . all-in-all , cabin fever is the type of place that every town needs to be `` that rad place '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met with two other plastic surgeons before i had my consultation with dr leverett for my breast augmentation . after meeting him i knew he was the one i wanted to do my surgery . i felt very comfortable in his office with his great staff and confident with the style and size he and his assistant helped me pick out . my procedure went great and recovery was much easier than i expected . every follow up visit they took me back quickly and got me out on time . it 's so hard to find a doctors office that values your time ! i would recommend everyone to see dr. leverett for any procedure you are thinking about . you can tell he knows his stuff and i could not be happier that i chose dr. leverett !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr leverett is a top notch professional ! ! ! i am so very pleased with the outcome of my procedures from dr leverett , christine , and candice . professionalism starts in the front office when you walk in the door ! ! i highly recommend dr leverett and will not hesitate to use him again ! ! thank you dr and staff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see christina at dr. leverett 's office for juvederm on my lips . everyone was beyond professional and i didnt feel pressured like most places to purchase anything . i am beyond happy with my results and will definitely be going back in the future . i have also referred a few people there who also have had great experiences .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. leverett and his staff are always prompt , professional , and friendly . i always look forward to my visits . i have received dozens and dozens of compliments on the work that he did , and highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had five visits to body by leverett and have been impressed each time . dr. leverett is friendly , experienced and professional . he puts everyone at ease immediately and his surgical results are superior to most . the office staff are great . christina is superb and highly experienced as an rn injector of botox , juvederm and other fillers . i have had multiple visits and always leave looking and feeling great . candace is amazing as well . she has amazing expertise in skin care and a warm , friendly manner.the facial peel with dermaplaning gave an immediate improvement in brightening and lifting the skin on my face and neck . i always look forward to visiting and the office shows great customer appreciation . it is well worth the 1.25 hour drive from my home to dr leverett 's office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. leverett and his staff ! he did a lift and augment on me in october and i had spectacular results ! he has a wonderful bedside manner , spent lots of time with me and his staff , simple amazing ! the nurse injector has the magic touch will botox and they offer lots of perks ! love dr. leverett !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after doing research i decided to have my surgery with dr leverett - he and his office staff are one of the most professional dr offices i have used . they are professional , kind and concerning . each step of the process was fully explained to me . after surgery they followed up to see how i was feeling . whether you are looking for surgery or weight loss i would highly recommend dr leverett .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did my homework ... went on 4 consultations and decided on dr. leverett . so happy with my choice ! his bedside manner is unmatched . he actually cares about his patient 's outcome . i found him humbled , attentive and always concerned about my situation . jessica is fabulous . she was available to answer all of my concerns and went up and above to make sure i had the best care . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my first vitamin b shot looking forward to a busy energized weekend . all of the staff here are just awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "body by leverett has been part of my life for almost 6 years and everything , from my augmentation to facials have been a success and brought me joy . i really have no complaints about any of my expierences over the years . from denise leverett 's help in finance , jessicas gentle touch , drs expierence and availability before , during and after my surgery to renees warm smile welcoming me at every visit , body by leverett is definitely recommended by me and my friends ! ! ! great place ! thank you all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a reply to their comment . he did not refuse to do surgery , in fact im a perfect candidate for this surgery . try actually reading my whole review before spewing stuff that does n't matter . such as addressing how rude he is . or how he wanted to do a procedure that was dangerous to my health . obviously he used to be good but that no longer seems to be the case .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came acrossed dr. leverett after my plastic surgeon passed away and i needed a revision procedure . i wanted to replace my breast implants from saline to a slightly larger silicone and needed a pocket fix on one side . i was nervous to put my faith into a new doctor but quickly realized i had nothing to worry about . dr. leverett 's experience made me feel very confident in him after our initial consult . the results show that he is a talented plastic surgeon . my breasts look natural and beautiful . i can not say enough good about dr. leverett and his staff . they made me feel incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "balii nails is a great nail shop ! i have been several times and i have always left happy . the nail techs are all friendly and do a good job ! i have had some amazing pedicures that lasted for weeks , as well as great manicures . my last gel manicure from here still looked great after 3 weeks ! yes , 3 weeks ! the prices are very reasonable too . the gel manicures are $ 25 , spa pedicures are # 25 , and regular manicures are $ 12 . they have a few specials that are usually going on like a regular mani pedi for $ 35 , etc . they also offers other services like waxing and eyelash extensions . i have n't tried these here , but people are always going in for them while i have been getting other services . so yes , i really like balii nails !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here because my regular shop was too busy and i needed a mani pedi before vacation . i 've been here a few times before and it 's nothing to write home about . i definitely wo n't be going back . this last time i was there for an hour and a half and received the worst mani pedi ever ! i had two different techs working on me and it seemed like neither of them could communicate where the other left off . the tech cut the corners of my nails even after asking them not to . this leads to ingrown toenails and she even did it to my fingernails ! the polish was not applied evenly and the tech forgot to apply a topcoat to my toes . i also dont recall either tech opening a sanitized kit in front of me . the polish also chipped less than 24 hours later . yeah the prices are cheaper than other salons and the wait is n't as long but you get what you pay for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was awful the staff is rude and all they care about is taking your money sat in the spa chair for 30 min water got cold , feet were freezing ! ! ! ! never coming back again lesson learned i will stick to my usual place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . $ 50 for a pedi and full set . they both look awful . the polish on my toes is all over and uneven . i bet it wo n't be 2 days before it 's falling off . the full set is so think and uneven . she used so much super glue my skin is still stuck to the nails underneath . my cuticles were completely ignored even after trying to communicate 3 times they needed to be fixed . the only top coat of polish is n't even coving the entire nail on almost all fingers . the lady next to me had a man working on her full set and it looked like he was doing a very good job . my friend also went with my and had another female , with similar results to mine . i will not be going back here . it is not worth the money . i do n't even believe its worth it to go back and have my nails fixed . i doubt they could do any better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wendy is the best but she only works monday 's ! : d the shop is clean and they get you in and out quick . they do n't charge extra for the spa chair like some shops are doing now & you can pay with credit debit card . i 've also got my eyebrows done here a few times and they 've done a great job ! will come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my sisters and we were all pleased with the service . the spa pedicure is average price ( $ 23 ) but does n't include the foot scrub ( that costs $ 5 extra , hence the reason for the lost star ) . most other nail salons i 've been to do include the scrub so that was a bummer . good selection of colors . the actual pedicure was really nice . the woman really seemed to take her time to remove the callouses and trim around the nail bed . the seats are very forgiving ( i 'm tall and wide so not all pedicure seats are created equal ) . they are very comfortable even for someone who has more weight on them . my sisters got gel acrylics ( 2 weeks ago at this posting ) and they have not budged once . still the color is vibrant and it 's not tugging at their natural nail . will for sure return as the quality and service was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is 30+ minutes from my house but very well worth it . the owner tina took the time to make sure my nails were perfect . i 'm new to the area and am so glad i 've found my new nail salon . one thing to check off the list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i found this place after my terrible experience at another nail salon down the street . steve was a life saver ! he fixes all of the uneven and thick nails . my nails looks so natural and normal . he also does the best pedicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best nail salon with excellent service . steve is a very friendly and funny guy . he does the best pink and white full set and gel pedicure . the price there is very reasonable . ask for steve ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no longer licensed by nv secretary of state ? ? ? ? does anyone know who owns this salon ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a spa pedicure done and the lady was amazing . she spent a long time on a salt rub and did a terrific job painting my nails . i come to vegas often and have been to many salons . this was by far the best . i was hesitant because it looked a little run down , but i 'm happy i came in . great value and great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ask for linda ! she 's the only person in there i will let do my nails and every time they come out perfectly ! she really takes her time and that 's why my nails never break or come off before my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "asked for an hombre design and did n't get it . however my nails turned out ok . i 'll return to give them another shot . service was great everyone was nice and the salon is clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had my nails done by a nail tech named helen and she was very short tempted and did n't care what i had to say and told me never mind when i tried to tell her something was wrong with one of my nails.very rude ! ! ! ! ! never going back that was not my first time going there again . totally disappointed ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! i have been coming to this salon for years . they do a great job with your nails . they 're prices are very reasonable as well . the entire staff is very nice and accommodating . betty , halen and mimi are my go to 's ! i recommend making an appointment during the weekend and fridays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad i came across this place ! donna did my gel manicure and it was perfect . i felt like she really took her time to make sure they looked good . i will definitely be back and recommend this to place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just came to this nail shop last minute and wendy was absolutely wonderful ! she did my gel manicure and pedicure ... she did everything i asked of her and we chatted the whole time ! it was a great experience ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice salon ! ! i went here for the first time this weekend and they were so friendly and they answered all my questions ! i had a full set white tip done for only $ 25 dollars and i just paid $ 5 more for the gel overcoat ! : ) my nails are perfection ! ! not to big for my nailbeds and just perfectly done ! i told the lady exactly what i wanted and she did exactly as i asked ! ! ! salon was very clean and this will be my nail salon from now on ! ! ! 5 stars all the way ! ! : ) : ) : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for about 1 month now , and i am really enjoying the friendly atmosphere and employees . i usually get my pedi and nails done by mimi , she 's very caring and detailed about how she files and paints your nail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been going to this nail salon for 1 year . ask for stephen , all the other nail techs are good , but stephen goes the extra mile . i have very thin nails . i came in for a manicure . stephen put a very thin layer of acrylic to help strengthen my nails and i now have nails that do n't chip or tear . their wax service is also excellent . their prices are reasonable . i would recommend this nail salon to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first visit here and i will definitely come back ! my nail tech is very thorough . all of the other techs are friendly and seem to be enjoying their day and all of the other clients are enjoying their services . the mint sugar scrub was really nice but the massage to follow was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok wax here . $ 10 eyebrow . very standard for a nails place however when i walked in they fought for a while about who would take me to wax . got a young girl . she seems fine but did n't really seem very experienced . fine end result . ill honestly probably come again because it was cheap and close .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! really do a great job . i 've been going to `` tina '' for years . they are all so sweet and do amazing work ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love balii nails . i 've been seeing tina for about 4 years now . she is very consistent i always love my nails i never walk out the door feeling money has been wasted . i 've see a few other nail techs over the years but hands down tina the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for about 6 years and hands down it 's the place for nails , feet and eyelashes . i would n't take my business anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always seen quickly here . this is the cheapest place i have found to do nails at . the service is excellent ! i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing the owner tina for over 5 years and she is the best in las vegas ! i 'm extremely picky and a perfectionist and she does a great job every time ! i do n't do fills , so i see her every month for a custom full set.henry is also very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a first timer here and i absolutely loved it . $ 23 for a spa pedicure ... they did a really great job at removing the callouses ! i 'm a biggie when it comes to that since its summer time ... my feet have to look great ! they have a great selection of colors ! usually random nail salons that are n't well known do not have a good amount of colors to choose from . i 'm glad this one does ! during your spa pedicure they 'll more than likely offer to do a scrub or put some sort of glitter to add on to your pedi without telling you you 're getting charged extra . i found that a little annoying.. but aside from that i will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great customer service , friendly atmosphere and good deals . salesman got me good , but i walked out very happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sharnice was very helpful and knowledgeable . they were having a great sale . my adult kids are very happy . i recommend stopping here before going to any other mattress store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife holly and i have been in the market for a new mattress for some time now . we have tried our luck with online shopping and came up short . we even stopped by the big furniture stores in the area but did n't care for the pushy `` trying to sell u the whole store '' attitude of most sales people . then in a last ditch effort we decided to stop into this store . right from the start we were greeted by a lovely sales associate named sharnice . she quickly gave us the lay of the store and set us on our way . my wife and i were really in the market for a tempur-pedic which sharnice pointed out on the wall and gave us the differences between the models . she was super knowledgeable about warranties , features , and prices which made our purchase process very enjoyable . after the knowledge and kindness we received from sharnice we decided our search had ended and we purchased a bed . i highly recommend seeing sharnice and mattress-firm for any and all mattress needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had finished our floors using sealer from lowe 's or home depot ( we did n't know how terrible this would be ) . the floors looked okay . a year or two later , we hired someone to clean the floors . the previous gloss sealer turned into little glue balls all over the floor and our saltillo was ruined . the other people came out 4 more times to try to fix it but nothing worked . we hired mexican tile restoration in early 2014 ( we checked several references they gave us which were glowing ) . well , i understand the glowing recommendations ! our saltillo floor did n't look this good when we moved into the house 12 years ago . the floors looked brand new . they also gave us tips for maintaining the floor . it 's about 1.5 years later and our floors still look incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in northern arizona and finding advise to finish my new saltillo tile floor was difficult for me . but dave was great in giving me the help i needed to install my new saltilo floor with the finish i was looking for . he took the time to explain in detail everything i needed to know and answered all my questions . he told me how to keep my floors looking their best for years to come . this company has the knowledge to get the job done right the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working with dave richardson and mexican tile restoration was a pleasure . the company is dependable and each crew did an amazing job from broken tile removal and replacement , stripping to staining and sealing . the attention to detail and the respect shown to our home was impeccable . it is obvious that these people are not only knowledgeable but also love what they do . our outdated whitewashed saltillo tile was transformed from dated to stunning . everyone who has seen it is amazed at the difference . i disliked the former tile so much that i had considered removing it , but now i am so happy that we chose to restore it . the new look has transformed our home into a showplace taking it from blah to ahhhh ! dave 's creativity in selecting colors to stain our tiles was well worth the money we spent on this project . thank you to each one of the artisans who made this project a dream come true ! helpful ? maps no results found for your search . trails dedicated lanes bicycle-friendly roads dirt unpaved trails live traffic fast slow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend dave richardson and his crew for care and restoration of saltillo tile floors . they 're punctual , professional , and really know the business . my floors look terrific !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "live right next to this place and needed to grab some beer after getting home from the airport . usually liquor stores have a somewhat decent beer selection , but this place did n't . no blue moons , no corona lights , nothing but the standard bud , mgd , coors , and natty light . skip this place if you 're doing a beer run .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this circle k , minus any gas , is not my favorite convenient store . yes , it 's definitely convenient for me , being so close to home , still does n't mean i have to like it tho . i really wish they would just redo the place . its a pretty small circle k and it could easily be a lot cleaner and not seem like it 's falling apart . the people behind the counter tho are always friendly and each have their own unique ( quirky ) personalities .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is a big fail when compared to other circle k 's ... ... it 's very ghetto need to say more ... there 's frequent cops and ambulances there ! ! ! i live down the street and avoid as much as possible . the wine and spirits are limited , but they have hard liquor so it 's a plus ( hence the one star ! ! ! ) ... .. the location is fairly convenient and the clerks are very polite and professional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no gas pumps and limited parking . the staff is nice though . i prefer stopping by quick trip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have used chris on several occassions and i have found him to be very , very reasonable with fees and extremely knowledgable and competent . i would highly recommend him for a c work ! dr. warlick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris was contracted by our landlord . replaced fixed west side a c and coil . was responsive to telcon . showed up on time and as far i can see was on or under budget . good to work with . cleaned up , fixed up , and went on his way . a very satisfactory transaction . highly recommend and worth calling for h vac repairs and install .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and responsive service . offered options with repairs to extend life . pricing was middle of the road but service warrants it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to replace 4 coolers at my cave creek location and 2 at my anthem location . service is as good as it gets . thanks so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mcconahy mechanical has a fantastic team , from the extremely efficient telephone staff to the technicians who take care of the systems . we appreciate their willingness to work with us , especially their extra effort in making sure everything is handled properly and timely . thank you for all ! best regards , jacqueline roersma phantom realty , inc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spent several weeks researching acs as i was in the market to replace two units . all research pointed to the quality of the install as a defining factor on the longevity of your system so i made finding a certified and quality installer my top priority vs lowest price install . through a referral , i was given mcconahy mech . the owner chris answers quickly and set an appointment to give me a quote . at appointment he was very informative and took my long term energy reduction focus in to account when guiding me to a system . after review of the bid i selected mcconahy mech and was not disappointed . every day mcchanahy mech was on time and worked throughout the entire day , even put in overtime to get the two systems up and running to ward off a cold night we had forecast . they were thorough in workmanship and went to great lengths to place protective drop clothes and cleaned areas every day . if you are in the market for a great system and a high quality installation , look no further than chris and his team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most trustworthy and honest a c and person i know . chris does such a great job , is timely and clean and his prices are more than fair . i trust him so much i can have him come over when no one is home and have given him the code to the garage and alarm . i have never met another person i would let do work on or in my home when i am not there ! i would give 10 stars if i could .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mcconahy mechanical is hands down - the best contractor i have ever dealt with ! ! incredibly meticulous , professional and exceptional at what he does . chris has done a few jobs for me , and every time , he surpasses expectations . you can tell from the jump , he is a perfectionist at what he does , and treats the work as if it were going in his own house . many times , you can tell in the 1st 5 minutes as to how a contractor goes about his business . chris is laying down tarps , drop clothes , and being cognizant as to how he treats your home and work site . most contractors do n't give a rat 's ass , their work is sub par , and their prices are higher than camel 's balls . chris dispels every myth you hear of the bad contractor - the true exception to the rule , refreshing ! if you have any hvac needs - do not waste another minute `` searching for an a c guy '' - call chris - period ! ! steve w", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to replace the a c units on my 13 year old home and got four bids from the vendors ... ..chris provided the best overall bid . on schedule , chris and helper arrived on time and went about their work . after two days , the systems were complete and fully tested . the work area was left clean and neat . chris provided a full explanation of the work completed and set up new thermostats with wifi that are great ! ! ! ! i had a couple of follow up questions that chris answered right away and in full . would highly recommend chris to all my friends without reservation . would like to give them six stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my a c stopped working late friday night , the temperature outside was over 110 degrees . within 24 hours chris , owner of mcconahy mechanical , and a member of his team came late saturday afternoon to troubleshoot and replace a component for my a c system . he was courteous , professional and able to pragmatically explain how the system and the new component would work more efficiently . the price was right too ! i very rarely give five stars , it is well deserved in this case ! ! thanks chris .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sell homes and have had many chances to use or refer this company . every experience and all the feedback i have had is very positive . fair price . knowledgeable . good customer service . think he has always had a needed part on the truck . tip : allow for a little time around your appointment time . has not always been on time , but on the flip side has never rushed a job for me when the job was bigger than expected . update 7 21 . - i just had a client whom was told by a `` friend '' that his whole unit needed replacement at a cost of $ 6,000 . chris came out at my request and found a bad capacitor . replaced the capacitor and the until purrs like a kitten blowing the cold air of the gods into the home . i did n't see the bill , but i 'll assume it was thousands in savings . this guy is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely professional . we spent a couple weeks researching the new ac and getting quotes from many ac companies . we had a quote that was lower than mcconahy but we were really impressed with the knowledge and professionalism of chris ( the owner ) . i discuss the price difference and chris explained where the differences were in the quotes . he even gave us a small discount - not as low as the lowest but helped us feel better about going with mcconahy . he was on time , explained everything we needed to know and cleaned up after they were done . he is also available for questions after install . we asked him to service the other ac unit we have that was not being replaced and he did not charge us for that . really great guy ! mcconahy mechanical is the company to go with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to chris last summer by a friend of mine when one of my ac units was not working . my 5 star experience started when he answered his phone on the first ring and was at my home within hours to fix my ac unit . rather than recommending new units , he fixed the problem at hand which cost under $ 200 and suggested i 'd get several more years of use out of my existing units . this winter , i had issues with my heater not kicking on . again , i called chris and he came right out and fixed the problem at a reasonable price . the main reason i would highly recommend chris is because you simply feel comfortable having this man in your home . he 's not your typical `` contractor '' guy . he 's very sharp and professional and you just know he 's `` the man '' for the job when he walks in the door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "strange little place , but i liked it . i found the food to be fresh , hot and delicious . i would go again . the portions on the fries were huge . i fear for this business , i never see any cars there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food just wase n't very good ... the chili needed some work ! the bun on the burger was nice and so were the tomatoes . but hello ! i 'm eating a burger ! the chevy dog was good but the bun was cold . this place is near where the bf works so we gave it a shot . i was sorry ! do n't bother coming here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just went to burger dogs for the first time and we enjoyed it . we ordered and they told us it would take 8 minutes to cook our burgers and that 's exactly how long it took . the fry order was huge and would easily feed a family of four with leftovers . the price is about what you 'd expect and the food was good . we would definitely go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at first i did n't want to go to burger dogs because the price of the fries . however , a co-worker brought some burgers to work and offered me one , although i 'd already eaten , i was suprised at how much i liked the fries . my friends said the burgers were good . i went there saturday , there was one car at the window and i was at the order menu . the gal came on and said `` be right with you '' , fine . then , after waiting a while i started keeping track of the time on my dash clock . i waited 4 minutes longer , backed out and went to mcdonalds . good fries there too . also , the flier they left on my car about a month ago , did n't have the hours of operation or phone number . burger dogs is mis-managed and will fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent food ! very simple menu and the burgers are squished compared to advertised pictures like most places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a small burger joint with real good 100 % beef burgers ( 1 4 lb patties ) , all beef dogs n service . beats all mainstream , fast food burger joints . the wait of everything being made fresh to order is worth the wait , trust me , i ordered their special burger , thought they forget about me while waiting inside to eat but when the burger arrived , erything that occurred while waiting was forgotten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is dirty ! ! the floors were slick with an oily substance , you can see your shoe print on the tile , be careful walking ! the bathrooms were dirty and the cleaning sheet on the door said the last time cleaned checked was 7 29 ! ! today is 9 29 ! ! the windows , doors were filthy and the baskets the food was served in had old , caked on food stuck on them ... truly disgusting to have food served in dirty baskets . the burgers were good but sitting in filth made me feel like the food was dirty too . where is the health food inspector ? makes me sick to my stomach to think about what crud lurks in the kitchen ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "honestly , i expected more . went to this burger place last monday . pulled in , looked over menu and then waited to order . we waited for someone to take our order for about five min ! mind you we were the only people . then after our order i was shocked at how high the prices were . and then getting our food took another 15 min . the food was n't all that either . my burger sucked . the gf hated hers . fries were cold . the shakes were good . i 'll try it again , but only for the desserts . and next time i hope the service is faster . not the burger experience i wanted . j.soto", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got the camaro burger ( double ) . the patties tasted like they did not have any seasoning or salt , they were greasy . the grilled onions were hard , not cooked long enough . the bun fell apart and i would up with a mess all over my hands as i ate the burger . the best part was the wrapper on the burger which had an outside foil which kept my burger hot when i got home which was a first . great idea . i 'm going back to carl 's to get their `` big carl '' burger which is much better and has a lower price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the last 2 times i have been here it 's been really good ! no complaints at all you get an enourmous amount of fries which are damn near grease free , the hot dogs are extremely tasty and the mustang burger is equally scrumptious . i had no wait time and the staff was really cool ! hint hint , perfect place if you have the ( munchies ) ; ) or even if you do n't . this place is far better than wendy 's , whomever said that must have an affiliation with that franchise as for myself , i will continue to frequent burger dogs because simply , it 's good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is called the millvale diner now . the ownership is not the same , however . curiously enough , a webpage for the restaurant has a quote from my yelp review . http : www.millvalepa.com businesses millvale-diner", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything about kayla 's rules , from the friendly service to the food . i loved my tender , sweet , juicy citrus glazed chicken , the artichoke dip app , and the chocolate cake . our server recommened to me the chicken since i did n't know what i wanted and i am grateful to her for that since it was delish . i think we 'll be eating at kayla 's instead of at mr. smalls when we see concerts there . darren was beside himself and was sooo shy due to the band behemoth eating next to us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not called kayla 's anymore , it 's called milvale diner for some reason . when we got there it was only one guy at work ( the owner i assume ) , he took the order and made the food , he seemed pretty stressed out . but he was nice and considering we were a party of 7 , he worked hard , kudos for the effort . the food was tasty , some of it looked a little microwaved and it was prepared suspiciously quickly , but it was pretty good . the homemade chips were awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small family run restaurant in a small town . the food is pretty good and the portions reasonable . the interior is simple and not necessarily warm , but they do the best they can for the space . a nice little place for locals . no alcohol sold , but you can byob .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we took our cat and dog to get groomed here about two months ago for the 1st time . they did a great job with both pets . we plan on taking them again very soon . the prices were reasonable too . when i called to schedule an appointment , the owner had mentioned there were online coupons and also coupons on the back of a fry 's marketplace receipt on waddell in surprise . if anything changes , i will update my review . but so far , so good ... a happy pet owner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really loved this place ! ! my golden retriever came home looking perfect and i love that he did n't stay in a kennel . everyone was friendly and fast . great price ! will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be a great place . past tense . we had been taking our dog for several years and had no problems- good grooming & good service . however , once the construction started and the staffing issues with their receptionist scheduler coincided with it ... well , it seems they are n't recovering well . we 've had our dog sit there for hours on end for a scheduled appointment and when we call or show up 3 to 4 hours later because we havent heard from them and find they have n't even started bathing her ... ? ! ? ! and this has happened 3 times now ! no way . we are done and very disappointed . iso a good and reliable groomer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst food on our trip to montreal . the food the crust is a thick mattress of dough . the veggie pizza was insipid , but the met pizzza was not too bad . the service careful ! ! ! they do not cut their pizza all the way through . she said that was intentional , since they do n't want the juices the drain thru . but how do you expect us to eat the damn thing ! she was a bit huffy about it too ... as if isnt that what everyone does . newsflash lady - no one does .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent pizza , good service . 2 tips 1 . order thin crust ( otherwise it is very very doughy ) 2.avoid the peperoni - get smoked meat instead", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best pizza in the gma . the hint of garlic in the sauce is perfect ! the crust is so soft , fluffy and tasty . generous toppings ... .definitely my go to for pizza from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quickly delivered for an extra delivery fee . pizzas are hot and tasty but there is way too much dough and there is no need for a 2 inch crust . over priced and so many restrictions on using coupons that you wonder why any are produced ? second pizza half price but first one over priced . reduce the amount of your dough balls apply your topping to the edge leaving only 1 4 inch for the crust and you will have a wining product . they charge you a fee for paying debit which happens to be ilegal and did i mention reduce your prices ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you like your pizza to be extra grease ( this may be an item on the menu ) , this is where you get traditional quebecois-styled pizza . lots of toppings , lots of flavor but delivered in a soggy mess that has you either eating with a fork and knife or folding it over and being extra careful not to dirty your clothes . i did n't overly like or dislike the experience , it was good but damn do i hate soggy pizza . the delivery was quick though ... probably left a trail of grease from the pizza place ... 2nd time was less greasy so bumping this up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pizza in laval by far . i 'm a regular and the pizza always tastes great and fresh . fast delivery ! ! just amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love pizza , love ouest antonio 's . often order ouest antonio 's pizza when i can when at my folks , wished their delivery area extended to the lachine dorval areas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza itself was very good delivered fast and it was hot ! but i was suprised to ear that i was going to be charged a debit fee ! i have yet to try any other items on there menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best pizza delivery restaurants in the saint-laurent area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jose is the very best . i was never much of a believer in eastern medicine , until western medicine could n't help me . a friend suggested acupuncture , and to be honest , i tried it out of desperation . i was willing to try anything . jose has helped me over the course of several years . he 's the finest acupuncturist i 've found in the valley . go with an open mind , and be patient . results usually take time . i 'm so grateful to have found jose .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing jose on and off for almost 3 years . he is always a good listener , very approachable , and has treated me with respect even if i came in with the same issues . he has helped me prevent all hormonally challenging issues monthly with as few treatments as 2 acupuncture sessions and 1 week of herbs and since then i need a tuneup only every 6 months or so . jose has a very special gift to see people and know what they need even without taking pulses , reading your tongue , etc . his background in nursing makes him a fabulous practitioner blending eastern and western knowledge to give you the best natural treatment without hesitating to recommend something like antibiotics should you require it . if you have n't been to him before and you live in the valley , i highly suggest you go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could barely walk when visited - in an hour i forgot how bad it was . it . was . amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since it is my son 's favourite place we popped in for a quick bite . i 've said it in the past the food is consistently good the service is hit and miss . well this time we were served again by chantal who is by far the best waitress we 've ever had at scores . she was very friendly , easy going and super efficient . twice we 've been served by her and both times it was fantastic service . merci chantal ! a bientot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the roasted chicken and the ribs here , especially when cooked and seasoned to near-perfection . the salad bar offers a wide variety of veggies , salads , soups , and fruits ; it usually comes free with a protein dish but you can also order it alone . the service is the only reason i 'm deducting points here , they waiters could 've been more friendly and caring ; my water was never filled unless i demanded it , and the waiters seem pretty careless about handling the plates and my food . other than that , the place is very good for a gathering or family dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "scores has always been an easy go to place when you 're not too sure what you want but know you 're hungry . i usually go for the chicken , fries , gravy and start with the soup and salad bar . unlimited salad and soup ! their chicken noodle soup is one of my favourite things to eat . service is normally super quick , and in this case too quick . when my friend and i came here a few weeks ago we were not too pleased at how fast our main meal came . we had soup to start , then after we got up for some salad . as we came back to our seats with our salads , our main meal was already served , we had to push it to the side so that we could enjoy our salad . by the time we started eating our main meal , it had gotten cold . i would 've given at least 4 stars but because of this i have to leave 3 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good . but over priced . i tryed to dogy bag my left over food and the waiter tryed to charge me . never saw that before", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we go at least 3 times a month , always had great service , greeted with a smile and our `` regular '' waitress knows exactly how to make us happy . we never have to ask for refills she 's always on ball ! ! the food is great , chicken tenders are our favourite ! salad bar is always good i have nothing but good things to say ! ! the price is ok for the portions of food ! ! bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a big 5 in my neighborhood and found what i needed in the wrong size . i made a trip to the south east to browse some bigger stores and wound up here by default , as it was close by . i actually found what i was looking for and headed back to the shoe department to pick up some footwear for one of the boys . it 's a good thing i was n't in a hurry , as it took awhile to get the attention of one of the employees for assistance . the selection and variety here ( any big 5 for that matter ) is not as good as some of the larger sporting goods stores , but if they have what you need , the prices are usually pretty good ( especially sale prices ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give it a total of four stars ! my husband loves this location . in my opinion the staff are not that fast . you must stand in line much to long for my taste . it 's like can u hurry i have a life and i 'd very much so like to return to it . i swear they ring up one item every five minutes . lol ok well at least that 's what it feels like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally , a sporting goods store that has a good selection ! now ... the disc golf selection was kind of ... bad . they had their discs on one side of a column . smallest selection i 've seen so far , but the most varied in what discs they offered . but the employees were nice , and they actually had stock on their shelves . i 'd go back for sure , just probably not for a specific disc unless i called first .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to frequent big 5 a lot in the past . just recently started shopping again for those sports necessities that your regular department stores just do not have . this location is great . customer service can not be beat . i have noticed that their prices on certain items are way jacked up . good thing is that i know this and only buy items here that can not be found anyplace else . i will continue to shop in the future . years ago , i bought a great starters golf club set here for under $ 200 . goes to show you to shop the deals that can not be found anyplace else and that 's it . if they sell something that other department stores have , chance are it 's overpriced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , it sure is off putting when you walk in and the girl behind the register is munching loudly on a bag of chips ... .so obnoxious . a friend of mine and i stopped in here yesterday because she was looking for a swimsuit . i looked around and did n't see anything too interesting . i was surprised at how busy this store gets ! while i was waiting for my friend ( in the dressing room ) it seemed like a swarm of people decided to come in and buy sporting goods . i ca n't say that i would come back here if i needed something .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very impressed how they have some quality items at great value . i was taking a trip to toronto , canada where it was 10 degrees . i found a very good quality dickies tan jacket for $ 45 ! ! with the thermals i bought at the store , i had no issues with the cold . the store was very neat , and the young lady that was cashier , and the manager were very helpful . i will be going to this store often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "0 stars for tyler the manager is disrespectful and lost the company money because of his attitude and mentality . corporate will be being called about this piece of work . he actually had the nerves to act as if he owned the store and spoke of corporate rules that i know for a fact do n't exist . big 5 you have managers that are talking out of there ass making up rules to benefit them . tyler if you think we wo n't make a corporate complaint you are wrong . 100 % tyler i will be calling once a week to complain until you have no job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yesterday , i walked into this big five sporting goods store to buy a bolsu ( exercise ) ball . i was immediately met with a beautiful smile belonging to vanessa . before she had a chance to say anything , i quickly asked her if she could help me . she stayed with me throughout my entire visit ; helped me select the item i wanted , and then checked me out at the register . i continue to be very impressed with the employees that help customers in this store . i will definitely return in the future . thank you again , vanessa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located right by trader joes . this place has friendly staff , because as soon as i walked in , they greeted me , asked what i was looking for and even walked me to the item . now that is outstanding customer service . even when i got to the cash register there were 2 of us waiting to be rung up , another cashier came to assist . i think all big 5 stores are a bit hard to maneuver through , and this one is too , but what i came here for , they had . oh a shopping tip , sometimes if you have an item that you just do n't need at the moment , wait for their sales . they discount items at better prices then walmart & sport chalet sport authority .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in and got greeted immediately by a friendly employee , she directed me to the jump rope i was looking for . they had many selections and great prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kenny is someone you believe instantly because his story is so dramatic and he is passionate about helping people succeed ... on all walks of life . but the moment he sees you trust him , that 's when he asks for you to help him support battered women . just $ 300 , $ 500 $ 1,000 and you too can make a huge impact on someone else 's life . you hand him the cash and he promises meeting the next day and introding you to the woman you will be sponsering . the next thing you know , he is too busy to meet with you . he has promised a return on the investment . now you are out the money and know full well that cash is going to pay to get his 10 sports cars detailed . beware . he is not what he appears .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kenny has moved on . he now claims he has a company which detoxes alcohol and drug addicts in calif. big business ! i never thought i would be conned but he is a convincing liar who will take as much as you will give . if you meet him and he talks about www.rideandrecover.llc.com i can guarantee he will take you for quite the ride !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with all the reviews , esp regarding the staff , they were super friendly and eager to please , as well as the cleanliness and modern cool decor . the unfortunate thing for me was that i paid a super high rate to stay here ( over $ 400 ) due to it being grand prix weekend even though we wanted no part of that ! we had the smallest room they offer and it was just a bit too small for us - and the lighting is a bit dim due to it being in the old city with brick buildings very close to eachother and limited natural light . for the money , we got ripped ! but for their normal rates , this hotel is definitely worth it . it was a quick walk to the metro which we utilized and it was in walking distance to cirque du solei which is at the old port . try it , but do n't go for grand prix wknd !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great boutique style hotel . super comfy beds . staff very accommodating and friendly . stayed 2 nights , close to all shops , pubs , restaurants on rue st paul . continental breakfast was included and included a specialty coffee of your choice . would stay again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the cutest hotel . i will forever stay here anytime i visit montreal . the staff is extremely friendly and helpful . the le petit family really knows how to provide first class service . the location is perfect . i was able to walk all over . there are some fantastic restaurants just in a one block radius of the hotel . for my birthday the staff surprised me with a delicious red velvet cupcake and brought us a dvd player and sex and the city 2 because it was a rainy day . every morning i was excited about my croissant and coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so we stayed at the neighboring hotel in plateau mont royal and loved it . not only were the rooms spacious , but the decor nice and stocked well with all necessities to cook . the condo was very quiet and well situated in the heart of the main street . highly recommend and will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are so many better choices ... why not drive a couple of miles down craig and do business with navy federal credit union .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used them to purchase some money orders , very quick , polite and did the job right the first time ( unlike other mass retailers )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shawna is a god-send ! she has helped me curb the barking in my house and reinforce obedience training that was lacking . i have also attended rally obedience classes with both dogs , they had just as much fun as i did ! it 's amazing to see her interacting with the dogs and seeing them do exactly what she asks of them . if you 've tried other training classes without the desired results , give maverick a try , shawna will teach you how to get the response you want from your dogs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking class with shawna for 5 weeks now , we graduate next week ! ! my dog carly has been doing very well and shawna gives you all the tools you need . she has taught me how to train my dog , which of course i was doing all wrong on my own . i think the price is amazing , for what we get and she will let you come back as much as you want for no extra charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shawna is terrific . i attended a private session and then puppy school with my adopted terrier last summer and she was so helpful . she held a small class in her yard and there were 6 people dogs at one time . shawna was understanding of the fact that everyone has different expectations from training and she accepted our different goals . she does a great job explaining why certain techniques are easier for dogs to learn and also why some things like crate-training and walking on a leash are important which i found really helpful . i respect her , and would definitely recommend her to someone with a puppy , a new dog , or even a long-term problem with an older dog . she knows what she 's doing and will patiently explain it to you for the betterment of your pooch and your life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the reviewers below -- shawna is an excellent trainer , and came to our house to train our goldendoodle to stop pulling on her leash during walks . mission accomplished in just one hour . she 's very knowledgeable and a true professional . i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shawna is excellent at what she does . we took our puppy to some private and group training sessions as well as handling classes . our dog is now an akc champion thanks to shawna 's professional handling skills . she is excellent with every breed of dog . i highly recommend her to train your dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cityboxes is amazing . from spectacular , above-and-beyond customer service to prompt delivery and box cleanliness - five stars is n't enough . we 'll definitely be using them again for future moves ... although we hope we do n't have to move again for a while ! packing and unpacking , no matter how awesome the boxes may be , is just never fun . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used city boxes twice in the past year and it was a great experience both times . andrew seems to really understand that moving is stressful for people , and was really accommodating with scheduling and order changes . the boxes are really sturdy and hold a ton of stuff , and it 's great that they 're stackable when empty and when full because it helps keep your move a bit more organized . anyway i would definitely recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used city boxes twice now in the past year and a half . both time the service was excellent . the boxes are clean , sturdy , and reasonably priced . andrew was able to get me more boxes and packing supplies at the last minute for my first move when i completely underestimated just how much stuff i had ! i hope never to move again , but if i have to , andrew will be the first person i call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i was done reading online reviews trying to find the best boxes in the city , i emailed cityboxes.ca to place the order . andrew replied promptly that all boxes were sold out ! no wonder - their prices are so good ! but he told me that he would keep me in mind in case somebody cancels . lucky for me somebody did cancel , and i got the boxes the same day ! the service was great ! andrew recommended getting some bubble wrap and paper that came in so handy during packing ! i 'd definitely recommend cityboxes to everyone , they make moving way easier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly city boxes is so far above-and-beyond in terms of customer service that many , many other companies should take notice and learn a thing or two from them . not only did everything come exactly as planned ( on time i might add ) , but the guy who dropped-off the boxes ( andrew ) walked me through exactly how everything worked , offered tricks to pack things safely , and in general just wowed me with his enthusiasm . i hardly ever write reviews for companies , but this was truly exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does n't happen often , but every now and then you encounter a business that goes above and beyond every expectation , and leaves you feeling relieved and satisfied . that 's how i feel about my experience with cityboxes , and thus i am compelled to write this review . they just delivered my order of boxes , not only to my door , but right into my apartment , through a particularly harrowing passage between two houses that even pizza delivery guys usually fear . all of this days ahead of schedule . i ca n't say enough good things about my experience with cityboxes . the awesome customer service and communication turned me into a repeat customer even before i got the boxes , and the boxes themselves are amazing . andrew stayed in touch with me every step of the way and made the whole process seamless . super nice guy . my move is going to be so much easier , thanks to him . i 'll be telling all my friends about cityboxes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't come here . even if you 're really hungry go elsewhere . the fries are mall priced but the portions are sample sized . the burgers taste like something you 'd cook up at home on a whim , but take 20 mins longer . the raw smell hit me as soon as i came in . making my appetite lessen each step i took . i came here with a friend to find that her fries were not even cooked . considering that they practically dumped them frozen in the deep fryer , i 'd expect them to be cooked at least . the owner is a nice person but it does n't excuse the hilarious prices and disappointing quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything was fantastic ! the burgers were freshly made while we waited . i had the veggie burger which was nice and juicy . my boyfriend had the beef burger and loved it too . the fries were great too - nice and crispy . however my favorite thing was the mac and cheese bites ! ! definitely a must try ! ! the guy working there was also very friendly and provided excellent customer service : ) the only thing missing was a liquor licence ( as of right now ) . great place - will definitely go back ! ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was visiting the area and came across bishop burger and was greeted by a nice woman . ordered the bishop burger combo and they cooked it right in front of me which was great . loved the food and the price was good for what you get . 3 women were all working there which was also nice to see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've heard a few good things about this restaurant so i decided to try it . i have to say that i 'm quite disappointed . first , the service was bad . there were only two employees present and it took far too long for orders to be received by customers . i for one ordered a chicken strip combo ; simple enough . i waited for over 20 mins and nothing . i saw people come in after and order burgers and other items and still nothing . finally , i asked one of the employees when i should expect my food , to find out that they had n't even started making it ! they took my money and i did n't receive what i paid for . almost half an hour i was still waiting for my meal . regardless of how the food may have tasted , this was not a good first impression and i do n't think i 'll come back and eat here again . poor form , bishop ; very poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live close by and i decided to try this place and i 'm sorry to say that others did n't have as good of an experience as i did ! i thought everything was cooked to perfection.. the fries are great ( real potatoes ) and the owner and chef , jeff is really nice ! nothing here is frozen and he literally preps everything daily so as it is cooked fresh ! i 'm all about the burger joints and i have to give this place 4 stars i 'd give it 5 if they were open later hours ! i ordered the 6oz bishop burger combo with a strawberry milkshake and everything was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this mom & pop store & everything it has to offer . the owner , carissa , has a passion for shoes , and is very knowledgeable about the brands she sells , how the products fit , etc . after owning several shoes & boots from shoe thrill , i am sold on comfort . most of my other shoes that i own that are not from carissa feel like cardboard & are not very comfortable . my feet feel so much better now after wearing quality footwear . this store is also a great fit for the downtown chandler area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a guy , my perspective is a bit different here . first , the offerings for men are rather limited . however , if you are looking for olukai sandals , shoe thrill had a wide variety of styles and different sizes . i thought their prices were a bit on the high side and they did not seem to have anything in my size . the sales associate provided me with some help but seemed more interested in completing other tasks than in assisting me much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while waiting to meet some friends at san tan brewery , i wandered around the downtown square and popped into this new shop . according to the associate they have been open for about three weeks , and they specialize in stylish but comfortable shoes . they had a variety of shoe styles -- ballet flats , boots , and clogs -- along with some jewelry and handbags . i did n't have time to try anything on , but i 'll definitely make a point of stopping in the next time i 'm in downtown chandler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shoe thrill has a great selection of shoes and stellar customer service . they made sure i was happy with my fit . thank you for being a lovely addition to dt chandler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great shoe store ! only the best brands and a nice selection . and i lucked into a 50 % off sale on boots and bags . salespeople are very helpful and not pushy and know a lot about the shoes and brands they sell . if you are looking for olukai sandals , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just amazing ! my mil recommended this store , she was right on . i 'm three weeks recovering from a foot fracture , ready to start the transition out of my boot and into some regular shoes . i normally wear heels with my suits and i have n't been able to find dress shoes that look nice , are supportive and do n't hurt . came into shoe a thrill , was immediately helped by hannah . she listened , asked a few questions and came back with at least ten different options . for a small store i was super-impressed . after some feedback she came back with another five options . i found not only a fabulous pair of flats but also an amazing pair of heels ( for a few more weeks out ) . prices were reasonable and they were running a sale . was hard to only leave with two pairs . great staff , excellent quality options , thanks shoe thrill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shoe thrill is the best ! i 've been a customer for a couple of years & when i 'm not in town i feel like i am missing out ! i love their selection of high-quality , fashionable and comfy shoes . the staff is helpful , friendly & patient when it comes to helping you try on as many styles you wish . it 's really worth checking out . and they have deals ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small businesses should always get a boost . support small business especially in the summertime when sales drop drastically . if people have bad experiences , take it up with the owner . dont post anything negative unless things didnt get fixed . they have top quality merchandise in this store that i 've shopped at for almost 3 years . never have i ever had any problems while shopping there . i know sometimes you may find a coupon in the san tan newspaper , which is an extra perk . be sure to look . if you look at my feed , i 'm truly all about small businesses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic store , and i 'm so happy to support a local business ! it was a slow day , so i had the chance to talk to and work with several employees , all of whom were delightful . i 've never bought really high quality , brand name comfort shoes before , and they assisted me with a variety of suggestions based on my personal style . i was there over an hour trying on shoes and getting advice ; everyone was so patient and i left with two beautiful pairs of the nicest ( and most comfy ) shoes i 've ever owned . i will definitely go back for more shoes because there were so many great styles , and between coupons , discounts , and a clearance section , the deals are great . i hope they stay forever in dt chandler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fave independent stylish comfort shoe store . have shopped here twice . saleswoman juliana is particularly good at bringing out other options if they do n't have your size in your first choice . this is quality footwear ... not cheap shoe chain stuff . everything from casual to work friendly to high end style . definitely worth checking out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for some comfortable shoes for summer as i have a foot problem and have n't been able to find anything that fits and feels good . i went to shoe thrill because i 've seen their add in the paper . i was `` thrilled '' to see the selection of high quality shoes and so many different styles . i was surprised to see their selection of olukai flip flops ... ..so many different colors . needless to say i found just what i was looking for . the sales staff are so helpful and nice . i will definitely go back . this place is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i order , they never include my extra sauces . they show up 30 minutes after delivering my initial order with sauces . its consistent unprofessionalism . done ordering from here - the manager needs to be replaced . update : called back a few weeks later and the manager had said he placed a $ 20 credit under my number and when i mentioned that , it was n't there . he gentleman on the phone was nice enough to take my word for it so hats off to him but the overall performance of this store is laughable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1.3 5 stars - almost so bad i ca n't eat it . the hand tossed pizza is about 25 % edge , 50 % air bubble and 25 % soggy mess . sauce tastes like catsup and the toppings always taste like they are frost bitten . the thin crust philly cheesesteak pizza is surprisingly good , but it only comes around once in a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst hot wings we have ever had , pizza was ok but not worth the price we just got back from australia it was better there only good thing delivery was on time and the food was hot", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend is a dominos fan . they 've been his pizza place of choice for years . however this location has swayed him . they have messed up our pizza the last few times . once he called and asked if they were still taking orders for delivery or if it was too late ( about an hour and a half before closing ) she said they were still taking orders . he ordered then she said the credit card machine was down and they could n't place the order . she did n't even ask if we wanted to pay cash . the manager called the next day to apologize for her and told us that the machine was n't down . they gave us a free pizza to use for next time . the next time we ordered the delivery person was 15 minutes late and the order was wrong . i do n't expect a lot from dominoes but there are much better pizza options in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i order from this location often . it always arrives promptly and fresh . it 's dominos , so it 's cheap if not of the highest quality . 2 medium pizzas for $ 12 , worth the $ 2 bump over little ceasars for cheap pizza .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "second time in a row these people botched my order . i ordered mushrooms , i got onions , which i am allergic to : ( and all i got offered was dessert . should 've been a full refund of my $ $ . not nice . they did send me a second order , which was correct , and both delivery guys were quick and very nice . but still , twice in a row ? really ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when the delivery driver arrived i watched her get our pizza out of the trunk of her car . no big deal . but when we opened our pizza it looked like all the cheese had slid off , probably from the pizza box sliding around while she was driving . and not to mention the pizza was n't even cut all the way . we prob wo n't order from this place again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pizza should be straightforward and simple - or , if you like , complex ( ! ) we like it fairly simple - if we pick-up , we expect it ready . if we order delivery , we expect it within 30 minutes . this dominos ticks all those boxes - they also have never made a mistake with our order , and the in-house service is quick and friendly . considering some competitors make you wait 40+ minutes for delivery , these guys get my vote for local pizza in surprise . thanks guys and gals . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordering online , delivery was very good . the pizza , i will never ever ever eat again it is the worst pizza i have ever had , i was n't going to make a comment but i 'm just disgusted i had to . more i think about it the matter i get come to think about it there was even hardly no mozzarella cheese on it . that 's what really kind of makes a pizza ! i see there is one star in my comment but it should be zero stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just ordered and received the most delicious pizza ( hand tossed and thin crust ) on a beautiful rainy day ! delivery was relatively fast considering it is one of our rare rain storms and the driver was pleasant and smiling . i have used this store for years and only a couple times have i been disappointed unlike when ordering from papa johns and receiving gooey , under cooked pizza . sure it is not an old world , feels like italy but it is delicious and it is arizona haha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick cup of coffee with my group as we walked through the city . the coffee was meh for being a 'cafe ' , i had a better cup at breakfast . my aunt had a pastry which was also meh . not bad for a quick stop but a mediocre experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "coffee place . coffee is ok. staff is meh ... quite ordinary . avoid food . order a sandwich which at the end i was n't sure . ended up sick 2 hours .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the man and woman waiting on me were great . my bagel was good , but i had some foreign object in the side of butter , which they happily corrected , without question . however , it was so chilly , it was very uncomfortable . i turbo-charged eating my bagel and left . pretty bad if even i put on my coat , and am still chilly . the color scheme and carpet are dated , and booth seats damaged ... years later , after i started coming here . not a good experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this brueggers is top notch . always professional and they do an amazing job . worth the visit ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love brueggers ! the bagels are delicious and i love how they are always changing their sandwiches . the workers are always super nice and friendly . the only thing preventing 5 stars is ... why do they use that type of `` cooler '' for the drinks . they are never , ever cold . so i can never purchase a drink with my bagel . it blows my mind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm just not a fan of this chain . their bagels are n't amazing . their coffee is n't amazing either although my husband disagrees . it 's just kind of `` eh '' . if you 're hungry , it 's there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gas prices are high right now . sams almost always had the best prices in town . the membership price is worth it just for gas imho !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i fill up here weekly ! always a competitive low price and you ca n't pass up the $ 6 car wash ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "janky ass car wash ! the dude had to restart the machine three times because it would stop working . i needed a quick car wash ... twenty min later.. save yourself the six bucks . gas prices were good , however .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore this place ! i am so thankful that i found it on fb , and that i can hopefully help others finally find a spa that has skilled staff , immaculate premise , modern nail techniques , and great customer service . something that i noticed was that i was addressed by name even though it was my first visit . few businesses put the care or effort in to pay that much attention to their clients . i got a spa pedicure and then a matching set of almond-shaped tips with biogel . 2 days later and some heavy use ... .my nails are still perfect and i 'm confident that they will last my entire vacation . i do n't get my nails done too often , but from now on this is my spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! i am sorry someone else had a neg experience ... but having been to other salons nearby ... this is by far the best ! staff are friendly , curteous , attentive and skilled at their jobs . the place is relatively big , comfortable and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to different nail salons and this one definitely tops it all ! you want a good customer service ? this is the place . in addition , the service itself was great ! they also give out this stamp card : on your 5th visit , you get 15 % off and the 10th , you get a free manicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . clean and stylish . many people inside always . today was my first time there and i am satisfied . i recommend this place and will come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is definitely my go to nail salon ! i regularly go in for my shellac manicure and pedicure . excellent customer service . the quality of their work is top notch and their colour selection is immense and they always have the latest collections . they will always help you find the colour you have in mind in case you have n't found it on the samples . they 're salon is always full because so many others feel the same way i do about this place ! it 's a short walk from metro snowdon ( blue line ) . prices are very reasonable with amazing long lasting results ! they offer many other services also : waxing , eyelash extensions although i have not tried the other services yet . they accept walk-ins of with appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . nice people . it was my first time there and billy did an amazing job on my nails . will definitely be back soon . thanks billy ! xo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made an appointment through facebook messenger and received an answer within minutes confirming my appointment two days later . the salon is clean and cozy , the employees are fast yet thorough . i had my manicure done at the same time as my pedicure . the lady at the front desk is very welcoming and interactive with the clients . i 'd make this my go to for many nail work in need done , fast efficient service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prise de rendez-vous rapide avec facebook . tr\u00e8s bon rapport qualit\u00e9 prix ! personnel tr\u00e8s attentionn\u00e9 , travail appliqu\u00e9 et soign\u00e9 . un grand choix de couleurs de vernis . bref le top !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful salon ! a busy bee hive of activity - i suggest making an appointment in advance . i was told about the manicure pedicure special ( 38 $ ! ! ) and jumped on it ! all equipment super clean , technicians very friendly and professional ! during the pedicure i got to sit in one of those crazy massage chairs which was glorious . i will go back to get a gel pedicure but for some quick pampering , you ca n't go wrong ! lots of happy regular customers who knew the technicians by name - felt like i was part of a family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my first experience at dolly swan this past weekend & it definitely wo n't be my last . really content with my experience there . customer service was on point . got help choosing the perfect colour which included matching my gel manicure colour to my regular pedicure colour ( without asking ) . although the place is busy you are not made to feel rushed in the least bit . huge selling factor for me . my pedicure was done properly and not rushed as i find is the case with a lot of places even though they do n't have clients waiting . these guys keep their establishment well staffed to accommodate the amount of clientele coming in . the quality of work is also very good . clean and precise . good pricing as well . just overall a very smooth and relaxing experience . it 's hit or miss with these nail shops and this new comer on the block is a definite hit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for all my canadian friends who visit vegas , take the time to visit this outlet if you 're at all interested in shoes . i stopped in out of curiosity , having never bought skechers before , and walked out with four pairs ! well , i had to get four , they were having a sale with your second pair being half price , and i certainly wanted to maximize my savings , right ? ? i had no idea there were so many different styles of skechers , nor that they were so comfortable . i felt like i could have wandered their aisles for hours to try everything on . usually i have a hard time finding shoes that make my poor old feet happy , so this was a real treat , and i 'll definitely visit them again next trip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "based on one of my friends suggestions , i stopped in here to pick up a pair of golf shoes . i was a little disappointed that the world 's largest skechers outlet store only had 4 pair available . i snuck over to the clearance area and found only one pair in my size . needless to say i did n't get any new golf shoes . but they have a huge selection of so many shoes it is a shoppers paradise . i did find a nice pair of waterproof running shoes ( i do n't run ) that will work as work shoes ... .50 % off in the clearance area for a grand total of $ 45 . and of course they have their famous buy one , get one 50 % off sale going on . with the huge selection and decent prices , everyone should find something they like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , i am not a fan of the sketchers sneakers so i never went to any sketchers store , but i had to go pick up a pair of boots for work and was shocked to see all the different styles of shoes they carry ! from construction work boots , to sneakers , to women 's dress heals and boots . prices are fairly decent and during the holidays they are having great sales . employees seemed a little out of the ordinary but friendly and helpful . the cashier gal talked to her coworker the entire time about how her boss better let her leave early so she could pay her cell phone bill . i did not get any shoes for myself but i will be going back to see what i can find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the world 's largest skechers store ! this place is packed with every skecher shoe they make . i always loved to visit the store in california but this one is my new destination . rows and rows of shoes . i ca n't believe it but i walked out with 5 pairs of shoes for myself and 4 other pairs for my family . this store is cheaper then the regular stores and has a buy one get one free special all of the the time . if you are in las vegas do n't was your time at the other stores come to this one . the only downside is the customer service ( reason for 4 instead of 5 stars ) . i have noticed this at two of their stores in las vegas . however , the price and the product are worth the visit . i will be shopping here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shoes , shoes , and yes even more shoes . if you like skechers skip those tiny locations in the malls or the las vegas outlets and come here , to what is billed as the worlds largest skechers store . customer service can be somewhat sketchy but when you see the prices , you wo n't care . and if you can find something in the clearance section you can really save serious $ $ $ ... i came out of there with a nice pair of ultra light running shoes for $ 30 . ca n't beat that . this place carries the full sketchers line from running shoes to kids shoes to work shoes ... if you need shoes and do n't want to pay out the nose for them this place is definitely worth a look .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection ; variety of styles , sizes and the customer service is above par . free popcorn definitely is a plus and the bathrooms really are n't bad . as far as shoes go , largest in the world -- 60,000+ pairs -- -plus they are more than willing to find what your looking for through another store or online ! ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not going to lie , my expectations before going here were a bit low . i 've kinda outgrown my sketches phase , so i was very meh about the idea of going here . however , my mom was insistent that i give it a chance since she 's had lots of luck finding shoes here ( especially since it 's really hard for her to find comfortable shoes because of the wideness of her feet . ) but anyway , this store is not bad . they have a big-ish selection , ranging from athletic to casual to work shoes . i ended up picking a couple of flats for really cheap , especially since they were already in clearance . i was originally going to get boots , but they did n't have a lot of bigger sizes , which sucks for all the big footed people like me . it also sounds like they have a lot of sales throughout they year . it 's definitely not a bad place to check out if you or anyone else needs shoes . and for cheap !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they greet you when you enter the store but then they are done with you . we were looking for shoes for an adult woman , an adult man and an 8 year old girl so basically we were all over the store . the entire time my granddaughter was trying on 8 different pairs of shoes two employees stood nearby having a conversation but never offering assistance . in fact a customer walked up to them and waited for them to stop talking and turn to him which they never did and he left in disgust . i gave up looking for shoes for myself because i was too annoyed with the store . when i paid for my granddaughters shoes the cashier asked if i wanted some kind of loyalty card and i said no i would not because i did not plan on ever returning and told him about the lack of assistance . he did n't care . they had shoes i was interested in but never found . for the price of their shoes you would expect a little assistance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just has the most unpleasant experience in this outlet . the poor girl at the register was getting swamped and literally 4 male `` management '' members were just standing around by some shoes engaging in some very inappropriate work place conversation watching the line build . i waited 15 minutes to pay ! ! how ridiculous ! you should really invest your money in a management team that is n't full of a bunch of lazy and rude employees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have a wide variety of shoes and sandals for reasonable prices . i love that they have a large clearance section to choose from . toddler shoes for $ 10 bucks ! i went crazy over the many choices they had . one for all the kids and neice nephews . love this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our first visit went really great ! between the sale prices , and bogo 50 % off , and the clearance section , we got four pair for $ 110 ! very happy . so many styles and options -- you could spend a long time in the store . did find that sizes ran small . look forward to visiting again . employees were very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worked the clearance isle and got some great deals on boots and shoes . might just have to come buy every time i come here on vacation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a nice selection of shoes . the customer service here or lack thereof was what put them at 3 stars . i was in the store for about 20 minutes and not once , out of the 20 employees working the store was i acknowledged even once . i did end up buying 2 clearance shoes that were really comfortable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "booo ! the popcorn machine is gone . but the service and good selections are still there . along with the good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "world 's largest store and it is obvious . plenty of styles to choose from plus athletic gear , socks , pads , cleaners etc . looking at the people checking out almost no one bought one pair , everyone had multiple boxes at the counter . if you need work shoes this is the place to come . located on the eastside and very easy to find and get to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today i was in a desperate hurry to find a comfortable shoe for work shifts , and a wonderful girl named alexa helped me do that . she dug through the back more than three times to try to find my unusual size and smiled the whole time she help me . she was very patient and very sweet and very knowledgeable about her product . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "security is prejudice ! could n't have my backpack after promising i wo n't steal , and offering to check it on way out ( which is way more than i should have to do ) you do n't trust me with my backpack , well i do n't trust your workers with my backpack either , so we both lose . i was going to buy like 10 pairs of shoes to take back to hawaii . why could n't i put it in car ? cause it was filled with candy for my daughter , that can melt in 120f . every where i looked someone had some kind of bag . i get it , people steal , but i do n't .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we visited this store around 8:30 pm saturday night on thanksgiving weekend . everyone in the store was very cheerful and happy to help us . we received excellent customer service at the counter by an employee named `` q '' . she assisted in getting us set up in the rewards system and provided a senior discount on the $ 130.00 we spent . we grabbed the last couple bags of popcorn on our way out of the store . overall this was a great shopping experience , , an oddity for las vegas . we have shopped here for about 3 yrs . and recommend this store and product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best expedience ever . the cashier was super nice and helpful . 5 pairs of shoes for 100 $ not a bad deal . we will be back , hopefully that cashier is still there . she was a great help i appreciate all her help today .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i must ask ... what changed ? ! i was here 6 months back or more , and although the prices were great ( and still are i must add ! ) the store was a mess ! stuff everywhere ! ! shoes , trash , boxes , shoes in the wrong place , sizes were n't on the correct shelf . there was even an associate who i saw pull her cell phone out of her pocket and answer a personal call ! i felt like i was in a ross ! search forever for something you hopefully find in the unorganized mess.. but when i was here a few days after memorial day it looked great ! a 100 % change ! nothing on the floor and most associates who saw me said hello ! such a great change.. so whatever you did keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the outside , this place is not that noticeable . but inside , it is huge . biggest sketchers store i have been to and lots to choose from . my negative is that the prices are no better than anywhere else . i did n't find exactly what i wanted and ended up going to the sketchers in the venetian , which opened recently . prices were better and i found what i wanted . plus , the salespeople were more personable . good place to go to and sketchers is a good product , but bigger does n't necessarily mean better , no matter what some women think . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good place.. you can find lots of cheap shoes.. i bought a pair with % 40 discount.. there is a % 50 discount for second pair . i asked one of the stuff whether clearence is including for second pair campaign . she said `` yes '' . but on cashier , they said no . so i dropped the second one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love my new go walk 2 shoes . its does n't hurt when i walk a lot . i got 3 pairs of shoes and my bf got 3 pairs too . who does n't love sketchers shoes . they are so comfortable to wear . i think sketchers are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big store loads of selections for the whole family . the prices are good and the back wall area of markdowns are great . i came in with my brother in law and his girlfriend , she went one way i went another and after walking up every isle , made a couple of selections and when i made my way back to the cashier , we managed to pick one pair of shoes that were the same exact pair . good store , huge selections and fun to go looking for bargains .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been to 3 skechers stores no 14 's . so if your looking for larger sizes shop amazon . it 's so frustrating to spend an hour walking up and down this store for no shoes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my son has special needs so finding shoes or someone to help us with his disabilities can be difficult . i want to thank james for taking the time and the patience to assist us in what for most would be a simple process . thank you very much james .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this store except for the loud music , always have a good variety of shoes available for the season . but not today , there was n't a sandal in sight for kids in there . it 's june ! ! tried to do shoes for my grandson and the music is so loud he 's sensative to it , and he had a complete melt down until we took him out so he could adapt to the surroundings . you can barely talk to each other with the music so loud , i do n't know what corporate is thinking , it 's ridiculous . there is always a sale on buy one get one 50 percent off , plus a great clearance section . we did find some adult shoes despite the really loud music and the gal at the front help me use my credit i had on my account , even though communication was difficult with the really loud music .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service here is horrible . the employees never greeted anyone that walked in the store and there were n't any employees walking around the store to assist customers . i could 've robbed them blind and they would n't have noticed because they were all huddled between the shoe racks slacking off . i found about 6 employees all standing around , joking and laughing , leaning on the shoe racks , not paying attention to the store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got lucky today i found the last pair on the store shape ups work i was going to few stores but did not havet it .. i know the dont meke any more or something like that ... .. plus i found this ... ..on a great price ... . only one thing i was waiting to use the bathroom but it was an employee using it the one to finish the toilet paper on the seat covers luckily they have paper towels for your hands like to use at home not the most sanitized way to do it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge store , but next to nothing in a size 11 . do n't even bother looking for anything that 's cute . best is to go online .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "please make sure the shoe size and label matches ! ! ! . i got to go back again ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really nothing wrong with the store . i got some nice black work shoes . good style . and ... for fifteen bucks ? ? ? non skid ! i 'll buy that ... comfy too . i know that , for some reason , these shoes seem to wear out faster but for the price ... who cares ? that just means when they do , i get new ones . so , that 's the only reason . they are budget shoes but that 's all i want here . reviewing them seem redundant but just fyi only . if i were rating for the price only , it would be six stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they had lightweight shoes in a wide width i was looking for . i had the assistance of a lovely young lady associate with a unique name . pronounced something like ohmwhey . great customer service skills ! very friendly and helpful . the young asian man with the short double braids on the top of his head ( did n't get his name ) at the register was also very friendly . makes me want to come back . now to see if i love these shoes too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came with my mom and sister for quite many shoes and christina , a staff here , was super friendly and with a great smile every time i asked her for something , even though i asked her for soooo many things ! . hands down for her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pupusas revueltas here are so freaking good . like , so good that i do n't order anything else . grab two for under $ 5 and that 's a meal . try to have the patience to let them cool so you can consume them without burning your fingertips and tongue , but if you ca n't , i understand . tiny restaurant is situated in a busy lot , but the cozy interior and friendly staff more than make up for any minor parking inconveniences . prices are low , food is fresh . fellow diners recommend the soups and grilled meats ( specifically the steak shrimp plates ? ) , similar to other centro-americo style spots . but the pupusas are the best thing here , and the revueltas are the best of them . a tiny bit greasy , but thick with filling and such great flavor . i 'm tempted to go get some right now ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no one speaks english . place is disgustingly dirty . service it terrible along with the food . we had papusas which were good and quesdilla which was good . but i am afraid now for food poisoning . we will never go back there again . and yes i was sick later that day from the food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok , being salvadorian and coming from los angeles , i went to this place in search of some delicious , authentic salvi ( salvadorian ) food . this place has delicious food , that actually tastes like salvadorian food . i did n't , however , like the service much . they took for ever to help me , take my order and bring the food . the server , .a female that 's always there , was n't very attentive either . if you 're looking for some good authentic food , and are patient then you will like the place . their food was delicious . i ate `` machaca con huevo '' breaklefast style . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the pupusas here . two will fill you up . they are super hot coming out so be careful ! the staff does n't speak much english , but they speak more english than i speak spanish so it 's all good . the curtido is refreshing and crunchy , though the hot sauce is n't hot . not a deal breaker for me . get there early though . the hours say they are open until 8pm but they locked the doors at 7:30 . lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place feels really authentic . not big at all but that 's not a problem . i came in and got 5 pupusas to go . they were actually pretty good , maybe a little over stuffed on some but for the most part good . the only thing is that i did n't know which was which when i got my order . ( as in it was n't labeled ) not a huge deal but i just wanted to be able to tell which one was the rice mesa pupusa . overall , just eating 2 got me stuffed . they 're not bad reheated but like anything else , they 're better when fresh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pork pupusas are heaven and practically melt in your mouth . the prices are great ! you have to try this place at least once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at a salvadoran restaurant , and the food was great ! i had steak and chorizo , and some type of stuffed flatbread . everything was delicious . i am not in vegas often , but i have bookmarked this as one to return to in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we 're new to the area and looking for a good authentic mexican food spot . this lil hole in the wall place is legit ! it is small and there was only one waitress but the food is delicious . my bf had the pupusas and they were delicious . i had the shrimp cocktail . amazing ! ! oh and their michelads are perfect . we are definitely coming back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i live in henderson and do n't get to make it as often as i would like but anytime i 'm in that area i make sure to go here to eat ! i 've never been anything less than extremely satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well this place is decent . the food was ok . i got the tamales but turn out they only have de `` elote '' i did n't liked them much . i messed up in what i got . but everyone else 's plate was good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really good authentic salvadorian food . the pork pupusas are my favorite and the tacos are amazing . i was n't a fan of the service . the waitress is a little rude and it took a while before she took our order . besides that this hole in the restaurant has the best pupusas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't normally write reviews , but i believe this restaurant deserves one . it is one of vegas ' hidden gems . the food was amazing and the ambiance was wonderful . the traditional salvadorian horchata that they make here is by far the best i 've ever tasted . the food was impeccable . quite fulfilling and totally worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tacos ! i enjoy the food , the chicken is cooked perfectly and they made the most tasty tacos . the pupusas are good , the burritos the curtado ... .pretty much over all good food and the ladies that work there are super nice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointing . while authentic salvadorian food , this place does not provide any unique flavors , taste or even good quality food . tamales are fried instead of boiled and have a weird aftertaste of old food ( definitely not what you 'd expect from fresh elote ) . pupusas while filled generously are way too thick and the dough is not fully cooked . way too oily . perhaps because the pan was n't hot enough . service was lazy despite the fact there were only 2 customers in the restaurant . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was delicious ! i ordered 6 pupusas and they were amazing . the wait was too long though . almost an hour for some pupusas and chicharr\u00f3n ? that 's way too long . also , the menus say $ 1.50 per pupusa , but we got charged $ 2 per pupusa .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! if you are looking for moms cooking , this is that authentic salvador meal ! must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's very visually stimulating , i 'll give it that . the towering bar with the pretty lights , the waterfall , the whole design of the place . the eyecandy they have dancing around is nice as well . paying $ 12 for a grey goose and soda while listening to some horrible djing does n't make for such a good night . there was some twit that took some bad e who was freaking out in the ladies room and i got to watch her get wheeled out . that was fun . i had more fun watching someone put a ponytail down their pants up in my room later that night though . serious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the lounge area of rum jungle is nice , but honeslty , the dance floor is a bit small compared to other places you can shake what your mama gave ya . i love the decor , it 's somewhat island themed with a dash of modern design thrown in . the lit wall is crazy especially if it 's your first time coming to las vegas . i also liked the giant wall of alcohol with go-go dancers at the main bar . the music was good , but what made the night was the company i was with . this is more of a lounge for me than a dance club , not bad at all , but i really would n't consider this place a club .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for my birthday and had so much fun dancing - the dj was great ! ! great atmosphere and nice space - i loved the wall of booze that was colorfully backlit behind the bar . i love mandalay and when i come back i will def head back to rumjungle for some booty-shakin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rum jungle is okay . dance floor is decently sized but when it 's packed it seems really small . saw the best bartendar ever here ! all these tricks . glasses up in the air . down . catch . slide . multiple drinks . geez ! dancers up in the air . white panties . hahaha ... the guys like that alot apparently . music is ok. gets way crowded and it 's difficult to manoeuver through the crowd to get around . get 's really hot inside . not too many hot peeps . it 's fun but just alright . nothing spectacular except that bartendar we saw . showtime ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure if it was because we went on a slow night ( sunday ) , but service was great . rodizo style of eating is always fun . i had no complaints with the meats prepared . fun atmosphere ! full bar ! our server gave us tips on what drinks to try . we had this really strong rum that was 161 proof i think ? strong . strong drinks are my fav ! my gfs and i got a table and got pitchers of mojitos ! omg peach mojito my favorite and the price was n't so bad . like a little over 100 bucks ? so worth it . yummo i want to go back after writing about this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the person that designed this bar deserves a happy face sticker on the wall ! ! : ) what a perfect display of the many different types of alcohol they have here ... they are all on shelves on this wall that goes straight up into the ceiling it feels like ! ! the 'tenders need ladders to get the booze down ! ! such an exotic place and i definitely have enjoyed my time here the handful of times i 've been ... that waterfall you see when you first walk it is beautimus ! ! lol ... the go-go dancers in the cages up above are really nifty and i really dig those girls that go flyin through the air ... what a great touch : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tourist trap ! the decor and ambience of the club is pretty cool but other than that this place is nothing special .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for the restaurant ... i never saw the crazy club part ! the rumjungle is a split personality spot that is one part brazilian steak house one part crazy club . we ordered the rodizio firepit which is a bargain in vegas at $ 33 per person all you can eat style with salads , sides and appetizers . the cocktails were pricey ( but hey , it 's vegas so sorta expected ) . the meat from the firepit was melt in your mouth good and they were able to accomodate everyone ( some wanted well done others wanted rare ) they had many many sauces , but i was able to get them to bring me extra chimichurri ( which i love ) and i put that on everything . delish ... ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only thing cool about this place is that they have a bunch of water falls around the club and fire . if you like fire..and water then this is your place . besides that it 's not worth your 30 dollars to get in . it 's not really that big just two strips of bars along the middle with a dance floor in the back . from the outside the club looks very very inticing though because the outside wall is a giant wall with water and fire on it . once you get in ... not that great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "club part : went on a sunday night and it was completely empty ! 2 stars . restaurant : dinner was good and we tried the firepit all you can eat meat skewers . the staff was friendly and brought us more of whichever meat we wanted to try . the meat was pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chill place to hangout but tiny back room dance floor . you ca n't even bring drinks to the dance floor back there that looks like an alley way haha =", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i cant say that i was too impressed with this venue . if you are expecting to go here to club , you will be sorely dissapointed . the place is more of a giant bar with a small dance floor and flying go-go dancers hanging from the ceilings . the bar is amazing but it was simply too small . i agree with a lot of the reviewers , go before 10 to avoid paying cover . it is not worth paying cover for this place unless its free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought this place was awesome ! went there for dinner with my family , and we did the fire pit dinner , which was $ 42 for all-you-can-eat meats , carved at your table . they brought a salad , then beans and rice , then five different varieties of chicken and beef . everything we ate was delicious , and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meal . a few people in our party ordered a la carte and enjoyed their meal as well , i believe . service was decent , though not on the order of a place like joe 's stone crab . still , i really enjoyed the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rum jungle ... . delicious ... ... if you plan on dinning into this joint make sure you order the rodizio fire pit . it is delectable and totally filling . i enjoyed the sausage and the pork the best . they came out with this corn on the cob covered in grated cheese , muy bien ! they also have a plethora of rum cocktails ... go figure . careful if you order the strokeano ... . it will destroy you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did n't eat here , only came for the club portion . same ol ' , same ol ' - long lines and expensive drinks . nothing really stood out . there are partially clothed go-go dancers on the platforms about your head . my guy friend complained of a sore neck the next morning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here everytime i 'm in vegas , everytime i bring new people and yes , they have all loved it . it 's brazilian fire pit so be prepared for the meat fest of your life . i always order the fire pit plus because you just ca n't beat the amount and quality of food for the price . the sides alone almost make it worth the dining experience . ironically , i 'm not a huge rum person so i steer clear but they have a decent wine collection and if you are a rum person consider this place your banquet dining experience . the best part is that when you eat a late dinner you can stay and avoid paying the cover charge . great for groups , and you want a no hassle high quality dinner . they also take reservations !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , this place is mixed of a restaurant and night spot in sin city of vegas . most of the yelpers have reviewed this as night club , but this place is stellar as a restaurant . if you are a fan of `` meat & meat '' , this is a must visit spot for you . caribbean south american style dining with all you can eat for $ 40 person . may sound little steep , but trust me for vegas its not too pricey . all you can eat start with salad and caribbean rice ( rice + beans + fried plantins yummmm ) . once you get settled in with couple of mojitos ( or your pick of any rum drink ) , the meat starts flowing and you will get rolling ... they have excellent steak with chimi-churi , chicken wrapped in succulent bacon , salmon cooked to perfection , habanero turkey breast , scallops and shrimps , and chorrizos . you have to visit this for the experience of dinning and the dacor . 150+ different rums from all over the world is a nice plus too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they make really strong drinks here . if you want to get wasted , order the volcano . the last time i was here we tried the conch and it was yummy . i have n't tasted the full menu . the music is good here , but the club was n't as happening as it used to be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this brazilian restaurant that turns into a lounge an club by night exemplifies las vegas . hot chicks , great food and a ne'er ending night-life . the food here is great , specially if you love meat . i recommend you go with the fixed meat dinner which means they will continue to bring meat to you until you beg them to stop . if you dine here in the evening , get your hand stamped so you can return to the club without paying or getting in line . the cage dancers , waterfall and music add to the experience that you will never forget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had drinks and apps right before they switched from restaurant to club . they stopped serving real food at 9:30 so we had to rush to get our order in ... but it was worth it . delicious tuna with a seaweed salad , nice wine . a bit too commercial looking for my taste though so minus a star for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey , i had fun here last summer . i 'd say it 's one of the better of the non-ritzy type clubs in vegas , although i did n't go to too many on my weekend there . it was loud , colorful , and the trapeze artists were cool . i do n't remember much as it 's been a few months and i drank quite a bit , but i recall that the music was good and there may have been some key mash-ups . i 'd go here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for our `` family dinner '' with all the work peeps in town for the tradeshow . there was 19 of us & we signed up for the firepit at $ 33 a person . for a dinner for 19 with a great amount of food & drinks this place is pretty affordable for vegas . the food was `` ok '' and the drinks were pretty good the one problem we have with this place is very slow and the dinner took almost 3.5 hours . it took almost 30 mins to get our drinks . i do n't know if we will go back next year but the experience was n't that bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know what 's so special about this place . but to tell you the truth , i did n't even get any of the drinks there . it was way overpriced . the food was okay and the service was okay . the decor was cool , but that was about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i give 2.5 stars for the architecture and a 1 2 star for everything else . the slow service and flimsy drinks made the tip go south a might quick . i had to tell the bartender how to make a few drinks , that were not exotic at all , do you have tending experience ? ? ? ? its a place you have to go once and say you have been there , like that rain forest joint . this place is spendy , but hell , you are at mandalay bay and you are in vegas ... so be geeky and look at the architecture like i do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i guess no one else likes this place but there is a reason why this is the highest-grossing club in las vegas which is a city fileld with packed clubs . i would say that the drinks are a little pricey and sometimes the crowd can be a little too thugey ... but the decor is great , the cover is decent for similiar clubs and more nights than not this is a great place to put the right shoes on and cut it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . the bar is not a las vegas nightclub but more of a casual bar in which you can have decent coversation while the option of a dance floor . everyone seems to be friendly and having a great time . most of the time there is no cover . the line usually moves relatively quickly . you have to smoke outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here on my honeymoon , great smaller lounge club . some nights all the seating areas are roped off for vip . but there 's still seating towards the front and a good dance floor , good music , drinks and crowd . they also had dancer that hang from ropes and swing above your head , plus the dance floor has a stripper pole . if you are staying at mandalay bay you get in fast and free . some night are salsa . i really liked this place and i would go again if i stayed at mandalay bay again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great quick meal . love the boneless wings and club sandwich . this location is always clean , fast and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here often as it 's down the street from work and it 's just simple and common sense to stop here since it 's literally right there . it 's a big hit and miss here , either it 's completely slammed or it 's completely empty . when it 's empty it 's fast and quick in and out . when it 's slammed it takes forever and i mean forever . it 's kind of dumb only having 2 registers open and that 's it . i believe there should be another one or so but what do i technically know . as for the food it 's alright i ca n't complain about it too much , the only bad thing is for some reason on certain days the food may tend to be cold . but a majority of the time everything 's perfectly good . although they are super cheap on the fries and i mean you hardly get anything big thumbs down for that . reminder extra sauce is 25\u00a2 or you can trade in that nasty zax sauce for something different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never seen the lack of concern from a group of people ( mainly kids ) , but also the management of any restaurant i 've visited . have been going here on and off since they opened . the kids that work here are rude , not interested in quality service at all , and the management allows it to continue ... year after year . the constantly get orders wrong and act as if it 's the customers fault . no apologies , just attitudes . the owner of this franchise should be ashamed of themselves . they truly need an entirely new crew !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can say ... zaxby 's is zaxby 's . some locations are better than others . this one is typical . i used the drive thru which was timely and efficient . my order was correct and nothing major to write home about . i usually get the sweet spicy traditional wings with fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place sucks , hope they refix my tire for free after this never again coming back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been bringing my truck and car here since 2007 . i have referred a few people here and they also have continued to come back here . the owner is honest and friendly . the prices are more than fair and reasonable . the work has always been finished on time if not early .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best in the valley family run the dad and sons truly care about you and your vehicles ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times now . always seem super busy but they make time ! wait has never been too long and the staff is incredible : ) if ur looking for fast , cheap friendly tire service these are ur guys ! ! fyi : they provide a lot of other vehicle services too but i 've only had to come in for my tires so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have brought 3 vehicles here and every time i have had to claim warranty and this last time has been absolutely terrible i had a clutch installed in my car when i picked it up it worked fine the next day my clutch went out on the 10 freeway with my kids in the car sent it back to them and they have done nothing but put me off every time i call they tell me to call back in 20 minutes and the last time i called they put me on hold and went home ! ! ! ! like wtf kind of customer service is that ? ! ? ! ? i just paid them $ 700 and they treat me like that . i will never recommend this place ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great ! the owner gave us a great discount and fixed my car the same day.i would recommend this tire shop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall poor service . truck sat there almost 3 weeks and nothing . they even lost the emission information . truck was buried so deep in the back it took over an hour just to get the truck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had my ac compressor and the hose that goes with it done here and they did n't flush my condenser like they said they would and that your suppose to do and to top it off they did some type of bypass with the wiring harness for the ac , now i 'm getting high pressure ac codes because of the bypass they did and will eventually have to be done all over again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my 2007 nissan sentra to get the soak plus replaced , everywhere else quoted my over $ 400 and later rose to over $ 600 - $ 700 when we found out it was an oil leak that had caused the spark plugs to go bad . adam and the guys at munoz tires fixed it for less than anyone else and faster than anyone else ! they helped me out on a day when most business were closed due to a political protest , because of this i 'll be taking my cars to be repaired and maintained to munoz tires from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service ... i was asked if i was helped already 2 more times as they were already working on my car..good people ... ..unlike llantera llamas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "changed front rotors brake pads . forgot to put back all hardware and i had to take car to a different shop . was n't properly installed . too incompetent to do one or both of the following : keep track of hardware , or see that there 's extra hardware once you put the car back together and realize you did n't put it all back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the best tire shop in the west valley ! ! i 've had a few tires replaced and the service was great ! fair prices and great customer service . i 've also brought several of my cars to get mechanic work done and the work is always done right and on time ! ! i had been looking everywhere for a great mechanic place for about a year and i finally found one ! ! i definitely recommend this shop to anyone and everyone that needs anything from tire work to heavy mechanic work ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant recently opened on state road in a space that had housed a cafe that closed a few years ago . the decor is warm and welcoming . it was quiet when we were there , and we had no problem finding a table . i had the rock 's special melt with chips , and my wife had the portobello delight sandwich with the cold barley side salad . the food tasted great and was prepared quickly . the service was very friendly and attentive . be aware that they do n't accept credit cards , so be sure to bring cash !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was confused when i walked in- was n't sure if i supposed to walk to the counter & order or wait to be seated . i kinda stood there with my kids for a few minutes & was kinda annoyed . finally , we started toward the counter to see how to order . we were then greated by a hostess or waitress , not sure . we ordered water , which took about 5 minutes . at that point , we were wanting to leave . i just was n't feeling the love right away & they were n't very busy . when it was time to order , we were told that they were out of reubens ! my daughter was wanting a reuben and , i could tell , she was dissapointed . she had her heart set on one & really could n't find a substitute . i told the waitress that we would pass and decided to leave . she said she did n't blame us ! i do n't think i will return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "im not sure what these people are talking about . the employees were very tentative . the owner was there and was extremely nice and hands on to help me order . loved loved loved the food . it was different then anywhere else i had been . not your same old typical salad burgers with fries . very nice , great food , and good service . note ... the bathrooms were very tidy and there was a cleaning log on the wall . also easy to understand what you had to do when you walked in . lol really ... . wow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i visited yesterday for lunch . we ordered barley salad , chicken soup , hungarian sausage , and rachael sandwich . we enjoyed the barley salad . the soup was tepid and loaded with cabbage . my husband 's sausage dinner was inedible . the cabbage noodles were apparently cooked for days ... homemade sausage was dry , mealy and underseasoned . potatoes were inconsistent . at that point , we cut our losses , paid $ 22 plus tip and left . there was no offer to adjust the bill . 2 more points : restaurant was messy , ladies room filthy . save yourselves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just drove by and i see a sign that states they now accept visa mc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used the groupon ( $ 20 for over $ 40 worth of food ) and had a great meal with my wife . we each got a salad , entree , and dessert . there was only one person working ( we came in between normal meal times ) , so he played the role of host , server , and cook . he did a great job - no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! if it is n't on the menu , it does n't exist ! you wo n't be disappointed . good food and great place to meet friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after dancing the night away in nye 's parties doing the locomotion , my new year festivities came to a stop when i discovered i had lost my car keys . yay ! doing the locomotion now are we ? a quick google search later , i found autoplateau . they are located in the sherbrooke metro station , when you take the left exit , right next to a little restaurant chocolate shop . i had noticed the chocolate shop , but never the rental place ! go figure . they were so helpful , starting with the fact that they close at 5:45 . in less than an hour after my phone reservation , i had myself some wheels ! location for 24 hours and 200kms , including insurance was 55 $ , payable by credit card . i have never been so happy to see a corolla before.. thanks guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "avant d'aller vers eux j'ai compar\u00e9 les prix avec d'autres agences de location et autoplateau restait la moins ch\u00e8re ( 15 $ pour une journ\u00e9e , assurance tout inclus 26 $ , et en plus il y a un rabais de 5 $ si on r\u00e9serve en ligne ) ! ils sont facilement joignable et \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute . avant de r\u00e9server sur internet j'ai pu poser toutes les questions que j'avais en t\u00eate \u00e0 la personne au bout du fil . besoin d'une voiture rapidement ? a 9h30 je r\u00e9servais , \u00e0 10h ma voiture \u00e9tait pr\u00eate ! si je dois louer \u00e0 nouveau une voiture , sans h\u00e9sitation j'irai vers eux .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally thieves . charged my card twice citing some undocumented policy . stay far far away from this place unless you enjoy getting surprised with hundreds of $ $ $ on your credit card long after the fact . the car itself clearly had not been serviced in a very long time . the belt was loose and it screeched and smelled like burning rubber the entire time . a deathtrap on wheels .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "michelle our technician is very knowledgeable and very thorough when she comes to do our service ca n't say enough about how great she is thank you so much", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this company . i have been a customer for about 7 years now . they are always on time and do a good job keeping pests under control . i would recommend them to a friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kent was very thorough , friendly , professional , skilled , informative and efficient . he listened to my needs and performed the best treatment available . although the pricing for terminix is somewhat high , it is well worth it ... especially since they offer a full guarantee . if you are having an ongoing problem with pests that it seems you just ca n't get rid of ... terminix is the company to have . i recommend their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff came to my house and did a fantastic job . was actually surprised with terminix . was not planning on doing the monthly service , but customer service was so great , i got the termite warranty and the monthly bug service . would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer was our technician . she let us know when she was on her way . very friendly and did a great job . listened to my needs . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not use this company for any of your floral needs . the owner became extremely spiteful because we scaled back our original order . she even threatened to cancel 3 weeks before our wedding because we were late to an appointment , when in the past she was late cancelled on several occasions . the day of our wedding we picked up the flowers and they were completely wrong . her response when we voiced our concerns was : `` the contract says actual flowers may vary ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not express enough gratitude to the pink petal shop for going above and beyond to make our wedding day truly special . her ideas and designs were perfectly aligned with our needs and budget . courtney was so attentive and meticulous throughout the entire planning process . she delivered a fabulous array of flowers and decor . everyone was blown away with the level of detail . please use us as a reference in the future . kudos", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eternal longing for their chicken shawarma since i first tried it sandwiched in kaak bread which is topped with sesame and is freshly baked lettuce , tomatoes unexpectedly absent but for the better ! flavourful poultry , pickles , hummus , garlic sauce shine bright as a group try their falafel it 's one of the most unique i 've ever eaten faint from dufferin , and not the prettiest place , but you must eat here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem ! it is truly delicious and unique for lebanese food . the location is hidden in an industrial plaza . which almost makes it more of a special find and experience . the owner knows exactly what ingredients go into the food . which really helped with my food allergy . because we were first timers , he gave us a wonderful sample platter . my gawd it was so tasty ! the chicken shawarma , as well beef shawarma is mouth watering . the most unique part is their sesame pocket . love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty and authentic middle eastern food ! always enjoy coming to eat here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't a extensive market but what they have is local and genuinely farm grown the farmers are very friendly and reputable i get the best tomatoes and peppers here there is a super stand for fresh corn too very fresh and sweet and tender you can get really good eggs and pork products there are shopping carts at the front door if your going to get a lot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if it 's fresher than this , it 's still in the ground ! open tuesday , thursday 's & saturday 's . bringing you the best from local farmers in gaston and area counties . this market has been going strong since the 70 's . get there early for the best selections .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed . good that the vendors are pound of bring to sell `` home grown '' products . but the variety is extremely limited . one selling only potatoes and yams or sweet potatoes . another had green onions or sweet onions on her able . they do n't need to convince me the freshness of merchandise . but you 'll definitely have to go to a grocery store to complete the grocery list . i had high hopes for this place . a waste of time . visited in the morning on a saturday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come one , come all . bring mom and pop , the kids and the dog . oh , forget the dog they do n't allow pets . good news ! this has become a gun free zone . so this makes it really , really safe for everyone , because everyone knows that there will be no guns there . concealed carry permit holders will not go there and criminals would not dare bring a weapon there ! so feel great and attend . i feel bad for the farmers . i used to go there 2 or 3 times a week to get great produce . now i ca n't go . you see i have a concealed carry permit . some body has decided that the market should be a `` gun free zone '' ! this makes the market a unsafe place to go to or subject my family to . one common thread to all the recent attacks across our nation , is that they occur in `` gun free zones '' . sad that the farmer 's market has gone political !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to see boyd when they had their location in tempe . i actually enjoyed getting my cleanings there and they were nice people . then after a while , all they did was try to sell sell sell when they realized they were just getting cleanings out of me . they started making you watch videos on how you can get heart disease if you do n't get the extra fluoride cleaning . and it just got to the point i was annoyed when seeing them . then there was the guy joe they had at the front counter . plenty of issues with him . last i heard he was gone . but now they 're at a newer fancier place . last thing . linda and boyd might want to look into making their facebook pages private . showing off your vacations , custom built cars , luxury designer handbags and shoes is just tacky . definitely not the same down to earth people i met years ago .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i rarely write non-food related reviews , but smile innovations deserves to be recognized . the entire staff is friendly , courteous , and professional . the offices are clean and modern , it almost feels like you 're in the matrix . i think that 's pretty cool . after several recommendations from friends , i scheduled whitening session with dr. ma . upon arrival , i was greeted by the receptionist and waited for about 10 minutes before being called into the death chair , i mean dentist chair . the hygienist came in and did her thing with the dental tools . she was thorough and made it as painless as she could , 100 % pain-free is probably impossible . dr. ma came in shortly for the whitening process . every staff member that i encountered was friendly and sociable . i highly recommend smile innovations for all of your dental care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right when you walk in , it 's professional . the whole staff ( receptionists to the dental hygienists to the dentists ) are friendly and really go out of their way to give you the care you seek for . i have had issues with finances until i got my insurance . even then it was still a hassle . however , they eased my pain . they offered payment plans when i had no insurance and they talked to my insurance provider to make sure i got the coverage i needed . once all that was settled , i was able to book appointments for my yearly teeth cleaning to , unfortunately , teeth fillings . they really educated me on the process of almost every service . why they were doing it and what i can do to improve my dental care . since i have a busy lifestyle , i sometimes forget my appointments . luckily , they give me text and e-mail reminders . they really makes life a lot easier for me . thanks , smile innovations", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love smile innovations and i can honestly recommend this dentistry to anyone . the staff are very friendly and the facility is extremely clean and relaxing . i look forward to every visit and i am so thankful i found the best of the best ! ! ! please try for yourself you wo n't be disappointed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend smile innovations . the doctors are very friendly and the hygienists are very well trained . i love the atmosphere of this office and recommend dr boyd and dr ma to all my friends and family . look no further for your new family dentist ! my husband and i take all three of our kids here as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a shame . i liked the atmosphere , and the folks working there . unfortunately i never had the chance to have any work done. , problem is they want to charge for procedures up front and reimburse the patient once insurance pays them . if you go here , be ready to fork over cash for your procedure and wait 6 weeks to get paid back . i went in for x-rays and a checkup which is 100 % covered by my insurance . these guys stated the company policy is to collect $ 150 up front . for a family of 3 , they want $ 450 up front for a procedure that insurance pays 100 % . i canceled all of my families appointments and will make appointments with any other dentist in the valley as no others i have ever been to try to scam customers into an interest free loan for 6 weeks . buyer beware .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been going here for years and absolutely love it ! from the beginning , the staff and doctors knew my name and always were welcoming . i love that they have netflix playing throughout the appointment because it makes me feel more relaxed and comfortable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i have been going to this establishment for 5 years . absolutely love dr. boyd . joe is amazing as well . i 've had a lot of work done and i usually hate dentist but this place changed my perspective . dr boyd never rushes through anything he takes his time to make sure everything is perfect and your completely comfortable . i hate getting my teeth cleaned because they are sooo sensitive but they make it painless as possible . not only that they get to know their clientele on personable basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended . the clinic is very clean and lessens the stress of being in a dental chair later . having netflix while undergoing some procedure is a plus esp for my kids . all the staff were super friendly . very reasonable prices . very flexible operating hours and days . they can accommodate you when your teeth is causing you so much pain . dr boyd is very good and highly commendable . going to the dentist is not horrible and something to be afraid of . my whole family attest to this wonderful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to smile innovations for over 7 years . dr. boyd is amaing and his staff excellent . he has the best hygenists that work for him and he offers saturday hours and after 5pm on thursdays hours as well . our whole family knows and trusts him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have helped my family for years and when my daughter broke her front tooth they got her in right away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here to get my lips filled . i rather come to a dentist for this because its pain free . my lips look and feel fabulous and the staff treated me like i was family . this office is all about building relationships and giving the best treatment . love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love these guys ! got me in when i had an emergency right away and now the whole family goes to their family..we their family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome doctors and staff ! ! ! everyone was very knowlegdeable and interesting . the dental experience was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i commute from avondale arizona to tempe arizona just to go to this dentist . friendly staff ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a patient of smile innovations for a few years now . their office is always very clean and the doctors , assistants , and hygienists are always very friendly and helpful . even though i now live in central phoenix and work in north phoenix , i make the drive to tempe for my appointments . no one else compares !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received excellent service for simple cleanings to complex implant procedures i would highly recommend 5 out of 5 stars if i could give more stars i would", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've found my new dentist ! it 's a really nice office , friendly staff , and they obviously know what they are talking about . kym the front desk manager was especially great , she really helped me to work out the financials and made me feel really welcome and comfortable . will definitely be referring my friends and family here , thanks smile innovations : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are the best ! i have been a patient since my college days and now , i bring my kids to see them . great service , friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , short wait time , good explanation of charges and procedures . at the first visit , they took something like 18 x-rays ! very extensive and good to have on file , but the piece that they put inside the mouth to take the x-rays is not very comfortable . i got a few cavities filled here recently , and they were very friendly and willing to cooperate with your personal needs , and the procedure did not take long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have taken all 3 of my kids here and they love it . everyone is friendly and attentive and seem to have a genuine interest in the care they provide . i have a bunch of dental issues not to mention severe anxiety when i have to go , but overall it has been a great experience and i have and will continue to recommend smile innovations to all my friends and colleagues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the staff and such a beautiful office . they have top of the line equipment and made me feel very comfortable . thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best dentist i have ever been to ! ! i walked in for my apointment and was seen right away . the teeth cleaning was painless but thorough . the chairs are very comfortable and they have a personal tv for you to watch with netflix . after visiting a different dentist i was told i needed a crown , and it would require two separate visits . i came here and they made my crown for me and put it on in no time at all ! i highly recommend checking this place out if you have n't already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same goes for our experiences in the past . we will drive all the way to tatum and shea than go here . we had sent christmas packages for overnight and paid a bunch for overnight shipping to ca . the packages arrive over a week late and this store was not helpful at all for the reasons for the delay . i ca n't believe that they are still in business . the elderly man who works there is so miserable when he waited on me that i left there in a bad mood . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service and complete incompetency . tried to ship something and the old man behind the counter could n't figure out how to use the computer . waited for over a half hour as he took all the and quotes prices ... i believe he is the owner ! i prefer to always give my business to locally owned businesses ... not at this place ! try somewhere else for sure !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ups stores are inherently flawed because each store is free to do whatever they want . this location is a perfect example . every monday i 've been emailing documents that i need copies of to this store . and every monday the old lady behind the counter prints me 50-100 copies charges me .10 or so a copy and sends me on my way . this monday she decides to charge me some sort of $ 2.50 internet charge . this is a problem at all ups stores , you never know what they are going to charge you for . it 's one of the main reasons i use staples . the other problem the old lady behind the counter is slow and rude . if she has more than one person in the store she gets overwhelmed and all flustered ! she is not good with technology and is always mumbling under her breath . it seems like having to print my copies is more trouble that it 's worth for her . i wo n't be back ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced . this place is an embarrassment to ups . my suggestion , i would avoid this location and make the drive to the tatum and shea location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 2.50 to print a label ? i was returning a defective toner cartridge back to amazon . without a printer i thought the ups store would gladly print it for me . whenever i need to print a label at a fedex , they gladly do it for me without hesitation , which is very useful when you are traveling and shipping things back without access to a printer . one more reason to never use ups , lack of customer service . from what i can see , other people feel the same way . it 's not like this location is called john doe 's ship express where you do n't expect good customer service but this is a usp store branded and with the name should come a certain level of expected customer service . without strict regulations of your owner operators i can see why your quality of service has taken a dive . it 's too bad no one pays attention to yelp reviews that are n't restaurants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live directly down the street from this location and have for years now and every time i go in here the older blonde lady with glasses whom i ca n't remember her name is extremely rude every time and not helpful . i am in customer service myself so i take pride in this and i go out of my way to a different ups store so that i do not have to deal with her because she is always there . i do not recommend using this location at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been using this ups store for my work since 2010 and peggy and jack have always been amazing ! often times i have things i need done on short notice and they always accommodate ! ! shocked to read some of the other reviews . i 've never had an issue ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do n't use this store . terrible customer service . no attention to detail . i have never posted a comment on any site before , but this one warrants it . my mother used their services to pack and ship a delicate item . it was thrown in an empty box with no packing material . there were continuing issues with the claim check ( as my mother had taken out insurance on this item ) and peggy quite literally does not care about customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised when i read the other reviews for this store . we have been going here for years and have always had a nice experience . peggy behind the counter is helpful and sweet . occasionally they are quite busy but are always pleasant and professional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a year straight to send a bi-monthly package to my brother across the country . peggy was the worst . peggy questioned why i was doing this every time . she got extremely rude and flustered under heavy crowds ( even if the crowd was super patient and polite ) . if you are not sending with ups , she will bombard you with questions until you change your mind . she made me feel awful every time i went in to do something nice for my family . why feel this way during an act of kindness ? so i went to the other store down the street and never looked back , life has been better since peggy is out . extremely rude , flustered , and fairly slow service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been using this ups store for about 6 years and have had a wonderful experience . ignore the haters , this a small owner operated business with wonderful customer service . they have everything i need for my business services at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service was good . excellent location and they were able to help me with my packages .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been using this place for years . i have never had a negative experience and have always found the couple to be helpful and courteous , but i do always initiate courtesy wherever i go . i do n't feel entitled as a customer , nor do my feelings get hurt if a business owner does n't throw me a fake `` have a nice day . '' grow a pair guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old lady running the store refused to fax a fax i paid $ 33 to fax that did n't go through and tried to charge me again . very rude b -- -h will never ever go back . horrible customer service she would be better off putting a bullet in her head", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for almost a year now i have been dealing with this store ( primarily the one on dean martin ) . throughout my endeavors the staff has been kind and helpful . i have enjoyed very fair pricing and vast supply inventory . last night a digital ballast failed . having thrown out the receipt , i was in a bit of a panic . when i called , the gentleman told me to bring it down . when i did he tested my burnt out unit , went behind the counter and handed me a different one . that 's it . no hassle . i mean that is what i wanted , but how often as consumers do we actually get it ? i love this store . if you are interested in the hydroponics world , this is the best place to go . thank you advanced gardens !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i shopped at this store for about 6 years . prices are okay counter help used to be good and very informative that 's no longer true . now everytime i walk in the store the guys on the phone . and it 's not business he 's talking mma while i like mma i 'm here to do business and if you need information you 're outta luck the guy never looks up from the phone even when you 're checking out he stays on the phone ! but the kicker after almost 6 years shopping in this store i find that they 've been lying to me for the last year-and-a-half about the helpful employee i asked about . they decided it was better to lie to me and tell me the man moved out of state then to tell me he went to work for another company i do n't do business with liars ! there 's too many hydro stores in this town to deal with these people . shop wherever you like but you wo n't see me there ! steeler phil spread the news .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i frequent this garden shop and they are helpful and knowledgable every time . plus there 's a super hot girl working the register . this to me is , win , win , win ! the prices are a little high but they give you at least a 20 % discount when you check out so it evens out . take it from a pro ... they got what you need , if you ca n't afford it then maybe hydro gardening is n't the hobby for you . if you think they are rude , buy a book so you do n't have to burden them with all your silly questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an avid organic gardener , since i first walked into the store i have had fast service and the staff is generous with sharing there practical knowledge.. far greater quality for home and garden needs than any business in area..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i dropped in to ask about hydroponics , as i was totally clueless . the guy holding down the fort offered me a very large compendium of gardening that included a very informative section on hydroponics ( but was very helpful in most every other area of gardening ) . the book cost about $ 20 . this is a very large warehouse that should satisfy the needs of every contractor or landscaper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've done my research online and at other stores . this place wins hands down . amazing selection with great prices . knowledgeable and friendly staff . it 's my go to store for everything . and they have helped me and saved me so much money . i love how low pressure they are compared to any other hydro store i checked out . even printed me out a nutrient plan . love love love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing to see here folks , keep moving along . for one the parking is a nightmare . i had to circle around a few times before a spot became available . the place was empty when i arrived . i was greeted by a nice cashier who immediately started offering me samples . i tried a few and nothing really stood out to me . i ended up with a medium cup with nutella cheesecake and chocolate . then the lady asked if i wanted a churro and i saw they were only $ 1 so i said sure why not . that churro was the worst churro i 've ever eaten in my life . although i watched them make it fresh , it tasted like dough . i spit it out right away . the nutella cheesecake ended up being wayyyy too sweet for me . it had gobs of nutella in it and while i like nutella , it was too much . the tables and chairs are tree stumps . the seats looked awfully small so i decided to eat in the car . do n't see myself coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as the temps begin to rise in vegas it 's important to have an action plan to cool down . i just found my `` plan a '' place to be for quick relief . art of flavors located next door to viva las arepas takes a unique approach in execution of refreshing culinary masterpieces . from the apple cucumber ginger , to traditional flavors like mango and raspberry . the recipes are created in small batches and the chef is not afraid to experiment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely not the same gelato . yelpers need to know that it is under new management . my kids did n't finish their gelato and they used to ask for seconds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in this joint with my girl in the late afternoon and had the basil mint gelato which was super good . guy who i think was the owner asks me if i want a churro and tells me their `` made to order '' i ask if one was big enough to share he 's assured me it was . this hella big churro came out split in half and i swear it is one of the best things i ever ate . the only thing the guy lied about was it being big enough because i could have ate two of them myself , that 's how delicious they are . some nights i might even pick this churro over sex , yes it 's that damn good . mad respect to the best churro creator in this planet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sad shadow of its former glory . i tried a small cup of burned sugar `` gelato . '' it had a strange , lumpy texture that threatened to bend the flimsy plastic spoon . waited 10 minutes ; still inedible . threw it out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the new owners just took over this month and started offering their own gelato concoctions . i and three of my friends tasted every one of the 24 flavors . we loved each one , it was hard to choose a favorite . mine happened to be two flavors that i usually do n't care for , young coconut , and toasted banana . doug explained to us how he made each gelato . a couple that was with us had recently toured italy eating gelato three times a day . they were smitten with doug 's gelato that they described as `` artisanal '' but i just knew was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i wanted something sweet after grabbing lunch , so after yelp-ing , we found this place . as soon as we walked in , we were greeted in the most welcoming way . the guy behind the counter gave us samples of different flavors while explaining to us with what they were made . i think i ended up trying about five different flavors before deciding on the duck egg with blueberries . this was his recommendation , and it was so good ! one of the flavors i tried was strawberry . i do n't usually like strawberry , and although i ended up not getting it , it was one of the best i 've tried ! the homemade cone was good as well ! i also got the churro filled with chocolate , which was good as well ! i definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was really friendly and the ice cream was delicious . i loved having the choice of unusual flavors that you would n't find in a normal ice cream store . and the churros were incredible ! made fresh to order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` are n't you missing the point ? '' you might ask , as i order a scoop of 70 % malt chocolate gelato from art of flavors , the artisan small-batch gelato shop just north of the stratosphere . `` why not get lemon curd ? why not get espresso ? why not get balsamic and gorgonzola ? why not get corn bread and irish whiskey butter ? why ? why ? why ? '' i 'll tell you why . because when it comes to dark chocolate , this is the perfect delivery system . you could n't get higher off of a chocolate rush if you injected it . do not inject gelato . even when it 's this good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know if this is the same owners as before but art of flavors is definitely not closed . i asked why they closed for a few months and the server quickly said she did not know and then moved on to another subject , so not sure there . i was looking at previous photos here on yelp because we never had the chance to go before it closed for a few months , and the gelato photos do look slightly different than what we saw tonight . but it was really darn good and the server was really nice and even let us try a tiramisu cup and macchiato on the house . let me tell you the tiramisu was legit and really good . i had the mint chocolate chip and pistachio flavors . both were delicious and tasted real and not artificial crap ingredients . we 've been missing luvit when it was under the original owners so this is a nice surprise to find it open . definitely recommend even if it is not the same owner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a recent trip to vegas after trying out viva las arepas , and saw this place was on the other side of their business card , so the girlfriend and i went next door to try it out . many of the gelato sorbet flavors are created with locally sourced ingredients , which is awesome , and they all tasted great -- they ahve some interesting flavors combinations , and they load up the cup -- even the small is a lot for one person , so a big plus for not being stingy with the portions : ) the mango and hibiscus sorbets were awesome , as was the churro -- the dough reminded me of a beignet , and the churro was perfectly fried . will definitely stop by for dessert every time i 'm next door @ vivia las arepas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last time we came here we were mildly disappointed . the past owner was playing it safe with the flavors . that 's all changed . the new owner has moved back to the unusual flavor combos . i 'm having irish whiskey jam-cornbread cake and ginger apple cucumber . could n't make up my mind between the two . son is having gunpowder . daughter is having nectarine plum lavender . flavors change often so try them soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chocolate jalape\u00f1o was excellent , rich and creamy . the vanilla on the other hand was pretty bland and icy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "1st time here and it wo n't be the last . i was warmly greeted as i walked in . the chicory coffee was very good and my churro was made to order . ca n't wait to come back & try the gelatos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's actually now completely different menu , but they have awesome options like tostilocos , esquites and fruit flavored ice cream , many more options of course . the customer service was incredible the gentleman helping us was so polite and helpful , he gave us several samples of the ice creams they have and they were all amazing ! ended up getting mango with chamoy flavored scoop and cucumber with chile . definitely recommend and obviously will be coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the gelato flavors seem to be super hipster .. none the less they were delicious .. along with the home made churros .. i had mine stuffed with chocolate .. i loved how everything is made from scratch on property ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it never disappoints . the flavors are excellent and the staff is so friendly . worth the drive to come here . blows casino ice cream and gelato out of the water .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service is great . sample as many as you like . whether or not you actually like all of the flavor combinations , there 's no debating that they use fresh ingredients in intriguing combinations . just for kicks , try the cocoa jalape\u00f1o !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is so nice and gelato is delicious ! free flavors of anything and everything and they always are changing flavors ! would come back in a heart beat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , the gelato has a smooth creamy consistency and the flavors were spot on delicious , the decor is very unique and the staff is as sweet as their gelato . i would come here everyday if i lived in town . this place is a must try , do n't let all the bad reviews fool you , this place is hands down the best gelato i 've had in a long time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the spicy chocolate has set my standard for chocolate ice-cream . rich spackle defies physics . sadly , there are no longer zany flavors , but the flavors they do have are well made . the spicy chocolate is worth a trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super tasty ! stopped in with a few friends after a day at the springs preserve , and the toasted honey + spicy chocolate gelato hit the spot . each of us got a different flavor ( one of them got a corn bread-based one & it was amazing , ) all of which were divine . i 'd definitely come here again & try something new . ps : get a waffle cone for just $ 1 more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yelp says they closed . we were just there july 2 , 2017 ! this ice cream shop is a little piece of mexico . the tequila almond ice cream was delicious . they also have items you just do n't find outside mexico . like tamarind , chili , cucumber desserts . i hope the reports are wrong and they are open . the owners were super nice and let us taste all sorts of things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! the flavors are so fresh they keep surprising you as you eat . i loved the gorgonzola and balsamic next to the aprium flavor blast . i hope to try local peach with honey with coconut next time i visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dear cinderella , if you lost your cell phone tonight getting gelato . we turned it into the nice man behind the counter . it 's locked so if you know your code then the slipper fits and you found your prince charming ! ; ) happy new year ! ! ! ! keep america honest", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here in late january . i am a gelato snob and travel the country sampling whenever i can . this is one of the best gelaterias i have found . great flavors , quality ingredients and perfect texture . i suspect the review from chris r was either a rival or a personal attack . i 'm italian , born in new york , transplanted to new hampshire ( nope , no good gelato here ) . art of flavor is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called speedy air to have a tune-up on my ac unit . my appointment was between 11a - 1p . after not hearing anything at 2pm i called them for an update and they said i was next on their list . after waiting until 7pm i finally gave up . i called and re-scheduled another appointment for the following day at 5pm . again , no one showed up and no courtesy call informing me of the status . the next day i called to speak with the owner of the company about my experience and was told he was out of town . i asked for the manager , but she was busy and would return my call later . i never heard anything back . speedy air obviously does not care about customer service or customer satisfaction . i would definitely not recommend this company to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found speedy air on yelp and called them because my air conditioning started blowing warm air . i was told that a technician would be available between 9pm and 11pm , which was fine with me - i just wanted it fixed . the nicest guy showed up at 8:20 and had our air up and running 20 minutes later . i could not be more pleased with this company . they will definitely be the first place i turn to the next time we have an issue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst ! stay far , far away . our landlords warranty company chose speedy air . original appointment was set 7-12 on friday . they were two hours late , with no call . unit stopped working sometime in the morning saturday . called early . service scheduled 10-1 . it 's now after 4:30 and no one has appeared or called .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "esports ! ! love love love ! ! i had my sons bday party and it was a great experience ! the staff were very organized and catered to all my needs ! they were really personable . they did all the work for me ! and the selection of games were more than i expected . pretty much had every game we requested.and the price package was very affordable . this is a must go to for your events or even just casual play . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome xbox and playstation gaming place for kids and adults ! ! has snacks , drinks and pcs for surfing the net .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really love the atmosphere and people in this lounge , they make it very comfortable when you enter . they have all the games and consoles i love ! i can get into the games without interuptions . they also have a great selection of snacks and drinks , what more can a gamer ask for ? this will be my new hangout !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "esports is such a great place to kick back , relax , and enjoy video games on all different types of system . they have a cool rock band set up that projects off a white screen . somewhere to go to try out new games or play on a different system . the customer service is awesome , very nice positive vibes : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really fun ! they have cool tournaments and events that go on . & everyone is friendly . 5 5 ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love going to this place ! i can spend hours and not run out of games to play . it 's so affordable too , and they offer yummy snacks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all for a good cause and unique in its execution , this is one of the most loveable shops in town . give an inanimate object some form of humanity , or animality , and i 'm smitten , so as per usual it was the toys that almost brought a tear to my eye . an adorable , if perhaps copyright-infringing tellytubby looked particularly lovingly made , as did all the graduation owls which formed the window display around june . i currently have a googly eyed windsor knot from treasure trove taking pride of place on my bedside table and i expect it wo n't be the last of their wares i get my hands on . the attention to detail on much of the work here can be astonishing , the cause is excellent , and pretty much every item has a story to tell . you ca n't ask for more in a gift shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give ten stars , i would be awarding them to the treasure trove as it is a beautiful shop , in so many ways . everything in the treasure trove is hand made by one of it 's members and these members are people who are perhaps unemployed or live on limited means . they make an item and sell it in the treasure trove and when it is sold , they receive the full price that was paid for it . this is such a great idea and was started in 1882 so it 's come a long way . the prices are very reasonable for items that are made with incredible skill by very talented people . i noticed a super cute handmade telly tubby for \u00a38.50 , several cute tea cosies , an egg cosy , a beautifully crafted dolls house , knitted graduation owls and stunning pieces of handmade jewellery . the treasure trove is excellent for gifts as you know that whatever you buy is unique and everything inside is very special indeed . i ca n't recommend it enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brilliant shop with lots of handmade loveliness ! great for baby gifts and clothing ; these make nice gifts and are good prices , all with a 'feel good ' factor as it 's a social enterprise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love dr guymon . we used to see dr guymon at another dental practice and we are so glad that he has his own practice now . he is a very gentle and caring dentist . i have always felt that he does n't push unnecessary treatment and expense . the office is so beautiful and any child would feel welcome being there . my daughter zoe really enjoys the tv screens above the exam chairs ... it helps distract her from having people stick their hands in her mouth . there are great places for the kids to hang out before their appointments and they also have a large family style exam cleaning room so siblings can all get their teeth cleaned simultaneously ... we actually drive a good distance to come and see dr guymon and it is worth it . i highly recommend dr guymon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , my son loves everything about this place . that includes the playhouse , the ipads , and probably most importantly dr jim himself . there are very few things in life better than not having to fight your 3 year old to get him to go to the dentist ! and from the parents ' perspective this place is great . the staff is very friendly and helpful , the decoration of the lobby is honestly impressive even for us parents , and i ca n't say enough about dr guymon . he 's not only very good at what he does , but he 's excellent at communicating everything to both me and my son , and you can tell he genuinely enjoys what he does and cares about the kids . i 've referred 3-4 friends there and every one of them has had nothing but great things to say , a couple of them have even recently moved to other parts of town yet still come to tatum pediatric , they 're just that good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was our second visit to tatum pediatric . my daughter has had some traumatic experiences in the past with other dentist offices . needless to say she has anxiety when the word dentist is mentioned . today started out rough and she was very scared and did n't want to take the pictures . our dental hygenist so sorry i am awful with names was simply amazing . she was able to calm my 8 year old down , get all her photos taken , exam complete and cleaning done all with smiles and giggles . i am so happy for my daughter and the future of her dental experience . we all know how `` fun '' it can be , but at tatum pediatric i like to think it can be . from the fun waiting room to the tvs above the dental chair and finishing with a gold coin to claim your special prize . i will be recommending all of my friends and family ! thank you : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids and i absolutely love tatum pediatric dentistry . from the moment you walk in the door , the office environment is very warm and inviting . the front office staff is courteous and knowledgeable . we have never had a problem being seen on time and appointments seem to stay on schedule . my 7 year-old son is very outspoken and energetic and dr. guymon takes the time to listen to him and answer any and all questions he has . dr. guymon does not try to `` sell '' unnecessary dental work and will give you options for your children 's dental needs . my children feel very comfortable and relaxed ( the tvs on the ceiling are an added bonus ) . at the end of each visit , my kids are given a token to select a prize . overall i would highly recommend dr. guymon to my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly ! made it easy ! very highly recommend . thanks for your help . we were new to the valley and they made us feel comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 3 year old here for the first time . the office was so clean and friendly . we did n't wait at all . the service was quick and gentle . my child seemed happy to be there . it was such a relief not to have crying kids around to scare my child on her first trip to the dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have 4 children , i was shocked to find that my 6 year old had 4 cavities that needed fillings ( he has my dad 's teeth apparently ) . dr. guymon hands down the best pediatric dentist around ! wonderful with kids , fun office and most of all honest . if your anywhere in the phoenix area i strongly suggest you take your children here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love dr guymon and his staff . he 's friendly and remembers us like if we 're in there often . he takes the time to care , we 're not just a number . my kids have had fillings and all , but they get excited going into the office . they think it 's `` cool '' in there . not to mention i love the decor in the office , adorable ! ! thank you dr guymon and tatum pediatric dentistry for being friendly and welcoming and for genuinely caring . if only all healthcare treated their patients like this ! ya 'll are pretty sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday was our first visit to tatum pediatric . it was my daughters first dental appointment . dr. guymon and his staff were fantastic with her . the office is very welcoming and friendly . dr. guymon and his staff interacted with the both of us to make us feel more comfortable . he and his staff are very caring . everything from making an appointment to checking out was seamless . when you enter the office the kids have a tree house area with books . their are some mounted ipads on the wall with seats for the kids . they contain plenty of applications games to entertain the kids . my daughter loved it and it was hard to get her to leave ! at the conclusion of the visit the child is given a token which they redeem for a prize . our visit ran very efficiently from check in to check out . we feel very fortunate to have found tatum pediatric dentistry and have already recommended our friends ! we highly recommend this practice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 4 yr old and 2 yr old in for their first dental appts this week and i could n't have asked for a better first visit ! i expected both my kids to cry and be upset but they had a complete opposite reaction . they love dr. guymon 's office . dr. guymon and his staff are so friendly , knowledgeable , and are excellent with children . i brought my 4 yr old back in a few days later to get some fillings and she did n't shed a single tear ! they were so calm and gentle with my little sunshine . the office is the cleanest office i have ever seen and perfectly decorated for children . it 's bright , fun , tv 's to watch during procedures , and ipads to play . i will recommend tatum pediatric dentistry to everyone with children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kid friendly and than some ! ! ! ! dillan could n't say enough good things . i knew he was comfortable when laura came to get him and he told me `` bye mom , you can wait here ! '' thanks to everyone for the great attention to detail", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are perfect with the kiddos . they take things slow , explain , & they 're dialogue feels genuine . sweet little waiting room . doc has 4 kids of his own so he gets it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved everything about this place . today was our first time here . the staff was all very friendly as well as the dentist . we went back quickly after a very short wait . they took their time with the kids to make them fee comfortable and did not rush through anything . and did i mention the decor in the whole place is super cute and very clean ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my little one is not a fan of teeth-brushing . every visit we 've had here has been great . the staff are all wonderful , happy , and patient . they go above and beyond to make her as comfortable as possible . they 're great at communicating with me as well . it 's also amazing that if i have a concern , i can text a photo to the office and dr. guymon will respond personally ( and quickly ! ) to advise on whether or not it 's worth a visit to the office . and yes , like so many other reviews , i have to say that the lobby decor with the playhouse , toys , books , and ipads is fantastic for kids -- engaging and relaxing . so glad i found this place . i tell all my friends who have kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office was clean and the staff were super friendly . it was my son 's 1st dentist appointment and they were sure to make him happy and comfortable . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! my 4 year old loved the waiting room and loved the nurses . everything they did , they would show her and explain the process . she even wanted to go back to get her teeth cleaned a week later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. guymon is amazing ! we took our almost 2 year old daughter to see him for her first dental check-up . she is always very scared at the pediatrician 's office , but dr. guymon and kendra completely put her at ease . both my husband and i were shocked at how well she did . they were both so comforting , nice , and really explained things well to us . the office is fantastic for children . it is beautifully designed and so much fun . there are even tv 's over the exam chairs so the kids can focus on watching a movie while getting checked out . the whole place was also amazingly clean . i can not say enough good things about dr. guymon , his team , and tatum pediatric dentistry . we are so glad to have found such an amazing place for our children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for the first time today and loved it ! everyone was very friendly and patient . we didnt feel rushed like we have at other offices . they were very patient with my very scared 4 year old . very happy with our choice and will highly recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! ! everyone was friendly and professional . my son loved the ipads and cartoons . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent facility ... my 2 two year olds did not want to leave ! friendly and considerate staff . excited to go back for their next check up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tatum pediatric dentistry is a fun , but professional dentist for children . the staff is very friendly , helpful and caring . dr. guymon is wonderful with kids and pays attention to all of the details . we highly recommend tpd !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 8 month old and 7 year old this morning and we were in heaven . no tears visit ! the hygienist was so sweet and explained everything to my daughter . our previous dentist was not so gentle and had done a few things that upset my daughter and made her resistant to cleaning x rays etc . today she got x-rays and a cleaning with no issues at all . the hygienist was patient and did not rush her at all . the doctor was wonderful . my daughter loved him and his easy going , friendly personality . office is inviting and makes kids feel comfortable and safe . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. guymon is amazing with my son who has spd & asd , very calm and understanding with kids . the staff is amazing going beyond wonderful service for every clients individual needs getting to know you as a family and making you feel welcome . we are greatful to have found such a wonderful doctor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good pediatric dentist ! he takes time to explain everything and the office staff is great . my kids do n't mind going to the dentist . i am very pleased !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my five year old had a double baby-tooth that had to be extracted . this is fairly invasive and was not something we looked forward to having extracted . dr. guymon did this procedure , a filling and a crown in an hour . my son was distracted , content and without pain or anxiety . the office is state of the art , has great accommodations for `` pre-procedure '' medications to take effect , and is very open to having parents involved before , during and afterwards . the procedure was without complication and my son was back to his normal shenanigans later the same day . we highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff , wonderful assistant , and great doctor . my son is 1 & came in for his first dental appointment . he loved it ! this will be our go to kiddy dentist for all of my babies ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this lovey children 's dentist office through yelp and i live on the other side of town . it is worth the drive ! ! very friendly staff and dr. james guymon is amazing will definitely recommend to family and friends ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! the atmosphere at tatum pediatric 's is amazing . the moment you walk through the doors you are created with a beautiful waiting room with a cute play area for the kids which include three ipads loaded with apps . dr. guymon is a very conservative dentist when it comes to fillings and oral care . he is gentle and caring . both my kids love going to his office . the staff here are wonderful , friendly and caring . after going to two other pediatric dentist that were horrible , i 'm so glad to of found him . if he saw adults , i 'd go to him too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tatum pediatric dentistry is wonderful with my four year old daughter ! they do their very best to make her comfortable and make it a positive experience . even when she is not the most cooperative , dr. guyman is very patient ! definitely recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the whole office is amazing ! ! ! my boys love going to the dentist because they make is such a wonderful experience ! would highly recommend this office and doctor if you are looking for a new one ... ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend this place to anyone with children ! they have a really cool waiting area for kids of all ages with a playhouse for the younger ones and an ipad room for the older ones . our first visit we got a tour of the whole office and the staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome as soon as we walked in the door . we did n't wait long for the doctors either probably less than 5 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad i found this dentist . the office is really cute , and designed to put kids at ease . the staff are all really nice and helpful . this was my son 's first time having work done on his teeth and i 'm so thankful it all went well . i wold highly recommend this dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the front office staff at tatum peds dentistry went above and beyond to ensure my son 's services were covered . they were flexible and sought out information about his insurance coverage . when we arrived the staff were prompt and friendly . we were given a tour of the beautiful office & brought to the exam room . dr. guymon and his assistant were kind , thoughtful , and listened to me . i was initially worried that my son is still using a pacifier and i 'm not ready willing to wean him from it . dr. guymon was sympathetic and encouraged me to do what i felt was right for me and my son . i very much look forward to maintaining my son 's dental care with this office and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love these guys they are the best my daughter was so excited to go back to see the dentist . she had to get 4 cavities filled in without numbing anything because it was just the top but she did awesome and they also did a very good job i was very impressed i will be coming here forever ! they gave her a coupon for a free gelato after so she was very happy after the 30 min procedure . i want to thank everyone in the office for there time and commitment you guys are the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really ca n't say enough good things about this dentist office and dr. guymon . from the moment we walk in the door until we are leaving , we are treated like family ! my 10 year old son is on the autism spectrum and has pretty severe sensory processing disorder . laura , the hygienist , is amazing with him ! she goes over every single thing she 's going to do with him before she does it and is incredibly gentle , kind and encouraging to him ! dr. guymon is calm , funny and easy to work with . he presents his findings and discusses all of our options in a manner that never makes us feel rushed . i never leave there feeling unsure about what the next step will be . we went to another pediatric dentist 's office in phoenix for 4 years where they would never even attempt to do a cleaning . this year , my son has had two cleanings and actually looks forward to going to the dentist ! that says a lot ! ! i highly recommend tatum pediatric denistry ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son chipped a good portion of his tooth on saturday and so i called a couple different dentist offices to see if open or what to do , dr. guymon was only dentist called and was really amazing to talk too , he fit my son in on monday morning and was amazing looks better than before and staff was amazing and really nice , he is our new kids dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. guymon and the staff are wonderful . they make the kids & parents feel very comfortable a take the time to answer all your questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i posted a request on fb community site for suggestions for a pediatric dentist that does n't make us feel like we are rushed in and out . i was also looking for a conservative ( in practice ) dentist . the staff was super ! very kind and efficient and made both my daughter and i feel comfortable . the dentist is great with kids ! calm and funny . he is also good with parents . he listened to my concerns and addressed each issue . the office clean and modern . my daughter said it was the best dentist visit ever . we agreed that the switch was a very wise decision . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "state of the art nurses , practice , doctor and care . i would recommend this practice to anyone wanting a educated and reliable dentist to care for your precious children 's teeth . i searched high and low and i am so lucky to have found dr guymon as my daughters pediatric dentist . ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been seeing dr. guymon & staff for well over a year now & today we had the best experience . all of our experiences are great at his office but today was exceptionally good . my son had to get 4 sealants today & he was very anxious & a bit difficult during the procedure . thankfully , dr. guymon & his dental team were so calm , caring , gentle & got the job done with a happy kid at the end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this office ! they were able to see my daughter same day as a new patient . dr guymon and the staff are fantastic ! they explained every step and made my daughter feel so comfortable . highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is super nice and professional . dr guymon is awesome with the kids . the atmosphere is fun for the kids instead of scary which makes it a fun trip . my kids were happy after they left . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids just had their first appointments yesterday , and loved it ! they actually asked to go back to the dentist when they got up this morning . the cash pay plan is a great deal . the staff was friendly and fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not believe how lucky we were to have found this office . our 8 year old is very anxious about certain things . dental work is one of them . dr. guymon offers oral sedation . it puts the patient in like a `` twilight '' . our 8 year old said the worst part about the whole thing was the drink ( medicine ) . she remembers very little about the shots and the drilling . she has no fear of going back . also , we were able to go back to the room whenever we wanted to check in to see how she was doing . i can not recommend this place enough ! dr. guymon is gentle , takes his time with his patients ( and nervous parents ) and he checked in with us the same night to see how our daughter was recuperating . his staff is stellar as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great idea . badly executed . queue to get in . queue to get beer . queue for a seat . the tent is big , but full with people looking to get a bierhalle oktoberfest experience , which in my opinion was hard to find . no schlagers , no dancing maidens . blearing wedding party songs . food was warm . beer was cold . that 's it . no atmosphere . shame , i really wanted to enjoy it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excited at the thought of oktoberfest in edina & i grabbed a couple of vip tix for the friday night . it was busy by the time we arrived & the beer & music had people up dancing on the benches & tables . the table service was quite chaotic . the waitress forgot our drinks a couple of times & on another occasion gave our order to people at the next table . the queue for the bar was ridiculous . i was disappointed at the music , like other reviewers it was more late night dodgy disco wedding tunes than i had expected . i 'd give it another shot if i returns next year but i 'm not sure i 'd cough up for vip tix again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "edinburgh 's first oktoberfest was held in princes st gardens this year . although it was a bit disorganised with huge beer queues , it certainly helped having an itison voucher on their first day ( wed ) so we had table service for the half pints and german sausages that came on our deal . otherwise , there was unfortunately no table service and crazy queues . the live band was good although the dj played mostly '70s hits and it was a bit off target for the oktobefest theme . that said , the ambiance was fun and it was a good night out . mid-week there was free entry to the venue although over the weekend it was ticketed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "c'est dommage la promesse est sympathique mais en fin de compte le jeu n'en vaut pas la chandelle . l'ambiance est relativement sympathique mais la bi\u00e8re est excessivement cher surtout que la bi\u00e8re n'\u00e9tait pas d'une qualit\u00e9 folle . une bonne soir\u00e9e finalement mais d\u00fb aux personnes qui \u00e9taient l\u00e0 , mais cela aurait \u00e9t\u00e9 le cas n'importe o\u00f9 . un lieu bien trop cher et ne donne pas envie de retenter l'exp\u00e9rience . dommage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "does anyone else find the price outrageous and the service mediocre at this restaurant ? the food is great but the servers act like you are begging them for food ! lol.. the portions are so small and unlike most restaurants , the choices are so limited and unaccomodating", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place totally deserves more stars than it 's getting , at least as of a half-year ago when i was last in toronto . what really makes this place stand out is that it 's not your typical jamaican jerk chicken joint . the ackee fruit and salt-fish dish this place takes its name from was out of this world good . i ca n't even describe how delicious the stewed oxtail was - the dark-brown bracken sauce was so savory and rich and multi-dimensional i would be happy eating just the sauce on rice . not to mention they served the best jerk chicken i 've ever had . i 'm no jamaican food connoisseur and this is as close to authentic as i 've had - but barring that this is easily one of the coolest eating experiences i 've had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for the past few of months and i 've tried their roti , jerk chicken , fried chicken , and oxtail . the food is decent but not great . i found the roti and rice & peas to be really dry . the portions for a regular entree is a decent size but i find the price to be ridiculous . from 12-2 , they have these lunch `` specials '' for $ 10 and it includes a meat of your choice , rice and coleslaw , all inside a little box comparable to the boxes mcdonalds uses for their burgers . a `` medium '' sized jerk chicken entree , which is just the thigh , will run you $ 12-14 . my favourite item to get would be the fried chicken . the skin is crispy and light ; not heavy or greasy . but portion wise , again , it 's like the jerk chicken and the prices are the same . coming here once and awhile is a good change of pace from all the chinese restaurants in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good savory saucy meals . we had the jerk chicken , oxtail , and boneless beef stew . the rice and peas was also really good . overall , it 's a good place for a quality dinner at an inexpensive price . was caught in this restaurant a bit longer than expected because of the sudden thunderstorms outside in downtown toronto !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a little unsure when i first ordered , but was pleasantly surprised on how good the chicken curry was . i am in toronto on a business trip and have tried all types of curry this week and if not the best , this curry was on par with anything i 've eaten . i took the advice of a fellow yelper when they recommended the jerk fries , very good , but the curry was the best part of my meal . the atmosphere was ok , nothing spectacular . if you measure on food alone , 4 stars , but the atmosphere and service do n't complete the experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have a lunch special for $ 5.50 where you get some jerk chicken slaw rice and peas . the jerk chicken was tasty but did n't have enough spice but the rice and peas were awesome . the beef patty was okay . the patty shell was thickier than i perfer but the meat filling was tasty and well seasoned . the jerk fries were quite pricey . $ 4.00 for some normal fries with a little jerk seasoning . i would give this place a 3.5 star review .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walked in hoping for the best , but left disappointed . the sweet potato & avocado sandwich , although with a good amount of avocado , had one sliver of sweet potato and a barely ripe tomato slice . the veggie roti had nice flavor but lacked the chick peas my partner ordered . the restaurant was busy on a saturday afternoon , but not busy enough for us to have received the poor service that we did : incorrect order , did not deliver beverages and did not check up to see how we were doing . at the end of all this , their credit card machine asks if you 'd like to leave a `` 15 % or 20 % '' tip , and that 's it . ( i agree with tee e. : high prices , poor service and , i 'll add , mediocre food . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ackee tree offers very average quality food that is disappointingly short on vegetarian options and mediocre service at best . while nobody was rude to me , they certainly were n't eager to help . a whole lot of hot sauce helped liven up the meal , but should that really be necessary ? i think not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "juicy jerk chicken . massive yummy roti . great selection of beer and rum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum . no need to wait for august ; my tongue stomach was celebrating its own inner-body caribana . aye aye aye ! i had the jerk chicken sandwich , made with large chunks of jerk chicken , sweet potato , tomato , and pepper mayo stacked between two sweet , soft slices of coco bread . it was a nice overall taste , but i thought the chicken was n't spicy enough , and the sweet potato not really flavourful . however , it 's still great and , combined with the awesome jerk french fries and a bottle of ginger beer , it made a perfectly feisty meal . i 've heard about some so-so slow service at this place , but i saw none of it myself : the afternoon team was extremely friendly and we got our food within 10 minutes of ordering . plus , the colourful room was warm ( the windows are always steamed up in the winter ) , and is a much needed escape from the grey , blah streets outside . break out the tight pants , i 'm ready to shake it . kind of .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorry guys , i think this place is closed . rip ackee tree", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always walk by this place and i never go in . today i convinced my friends to go and we were satisfactorily full . the five of us had : - jerk chicken plate : came with rice and coleslaw . this was one of the better dishes we ordered . flavourful and juicy , but i 've had better . - jerk pork : tastes good , but pretty dry . - oxtail plate : with rice and coleslaw . the best dish of the night . very delicious ! - curry chicken : good , but not spectacular . i find the price is not that cheap for caribbean food and the portions are n't so big . it 's about $ 14 for the large plates and $ 8 for dishes without rice or coleslaw . unless you do a large plate alone , you may not get full . it 's not bad , but i 've had better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had the curry goat , chicken , bbq chicken and jerk chicken . all very nice and spicy . i would agree with the other reviews that the prices are on the high side and there are issues with some of the servers and sometimes the place is on the warm side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had my 1st birthday here and have been coming here ever sice ! do n't judge from the outside of the building.. do n't judge when you see the giant gold buddah that is chipped and destroyed or the retro seating ! the food is excellent and the best in toronto ! the owners have been working their since it opened and are always there to serve their customers ! the complementary crunchies and brown plum sauce is to die for ! # 1 things to try here : - brown sticky sauce ribs - chicken bacon sticks - sea-hi fried rice - crunchies & brown plum sauce ..did i say brown sticky sauce ribs ? : ) they are the best thing on earth ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i gave it 1 star as a joke , but honestly , this is hands down one of the worst chinese or ethnic food places that i have ever experienced . if that was n't bad enough , i decided to give it another chance . it was just as horrible . rotting vegetables . tasteless everything . i wish i could say something positive except , please save your money . i 'm being absolutely honest . by the way , i live nearly next door to it . it 's sad , really . for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant looks like its been around forever . in fact its byline is : `` chop suey tavern famous for chinese food since 1955 '' that is a long time . it is well frequented at lunch when we were there . the decor is very dated , and the place a bit dirty and in desperate need of a makeover . the food is 'old school ' chinese food , that is what passed for chinese food in the old days . they have slightly updated the menu but the restaurant is still in a time-warp . i had what they called a `` yaka mein with chicken '' soup . i had never seen that spelling , but its not about the grammar but about the taste . i was hot , large and ok. not much else need be said for the place but if you are in the mood for the old favorites this could be the place for you ... not fine dining , but food ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "four generations of my family have been going to sea hi since before i was born . this is classic north american chinese food . the yaka mein noodle soup is a favourite of my family , and i 've never found anything like it anywhere else . in some ways , sea hi is an acquired taste . the building is old , the interior is old , and the menu has barely changed in the 40-plus years i personally have been going to this place . but we love it , and maybe you will , too . fav dishes : aforementioned yaka mein , steamed pork , sesame butterfly shrimp , lobster sauce ( order it as a side without the shrimp to save a bit of $ $ ) , chinese sausage fried rice . rub the buddha 's belly for good luck .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad disgusting food . we ordered a rice noodle , ended up getting vermicelli ( that is all stick together like a giant ball ) with 2 3 plate brocolli . the flavour was ok , bc there isnt any . the bbq pork in the dish is the worst bbq pork i 've ever had in my whole life . they use the part of the pork that make soups . the bbq pork is tasteless and super dry . i asked for a chinese menu , they dont have one . i ordered the most typical dish stir fry beef noodle ( river noodle ) , they dont hv it . they charged $ 2 for each can of drink . we were the only 2 ppl in the rrstaurant . i wondered why !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is thoroughly mediocre ... meaning it wo n't get you sick , and it tastes good , but there 's absolutely nothing special about it . the food served here is thoroughly jewish american-chinese . the clientele is mostly white and jewish and the restaurant serves the type of fried sauced americanized cuisine that caters to this demographic . if that 's your thing , you 'll love the food ( as it 's quite good , as far as this style of cuisine is concerned ) . if you 're looking for more traditional chinese cuisine , you 're probably best served looking elsewhere . if you go in with the right set of expectations , you should enjoy your meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointing at best ... try cynthia 's or general tso 's kitchen instead . bests : vancouver ribs were pretty good worst : truly terrible `` bbq pork ends '' were not as one would imagine ( ie - chewy sweet sticky end cuts of bbq pork ) but rather just diced cubes of pale , tasteless white pork , and most other dishes were also flavorless and disappointing , including the chicken-bacon sticks people rave about ! tried them twice now , to give the benefit of the doubt , but there will not be a 3rd time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their fried rice no longer has the hakka-smokey taste . rice gets very hard the day after . s & s ribs were hard and had the look of an old-marinated preserved meat , if you remove the red sauce . un-healthy food just got un-healthier ! yet , it does not taste omg good anymore like how a canadianized-chinese food used to be . msg-laden . and god knows what else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they receive many customers . however , as a chinese person myself , sea-hi 's food is n't very good . it tastes less authentic and more western-styled . service is bad ( for takeout ) , and the people are n't very nice . i 'm sure dine-in is probably nicer , but their food is of lower quality ( probably why it is so cheap ) . i would not recommend going , unless you are absolutely craving chinese food and have no other option .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't think that this is the best chinese restaurant in the world but there is something about their egg rolls and their wonton soup that i ca n't seem to find at any other reason . i will keep coming back , if only for those two items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ambiance ... .no cleanliness ... .questionable mediocre americanized chinese food ... ... check this place is a large run down looking resto with a friendly chinese staff . they are cheap but it shows in the quality of the food . most things are served either fried or with some kind of sweet sticky sauce . if your looking for an unhealthy and american style chinese food experience , this place is probably ok for that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was a-ok. we ordered some rice and some chicken balls , the rice was fine , but the chicken balls were a bit dry . the price seemed to be a little high , since the food is for the most part deep fried .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok this rating is based on one item and it was takeout . i bought their fried rice special . i was surprised because it tasted like hakka chinese ( did not expect that ) but the sad part is that it was so bland . like eve the duck was really bland . was really disappointed especially considering it was their specialty . i do n't know , feeling hesitant to spend 10 $ to try something else just to change the rating . for now i 'll stick to the chinese restaurants in china town", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another blast from my childhood . i grew up just down the street from this place and i have been there quite a few times . one of the few restaurants at bathurst and wilson that has remained at its original location . can be busy , but usually is not . ribs are awesome , as is the lemon chicken . service is always exceptional and the family who owns this restaurant eat there , which is always a good sign . it is very clean inside and is set up like a traditional chinese family restaurant . we love it there and would recommend to anyone who enjoys chinese food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the mother of a toddler , i probably still live that hipster toronto life a little too hard . every few weeks when it 's # momsnightout , and by that i mean i go out with my besties who do n't yet have fresh little nuggets ruling their lives , camp 4 tends to end up on the bar crawl list . it 's not offensive , the music is ok , there is usually seating and the bartenders are nice . for better or worse it 's exactly what you 'd expect along this stretch of dundas w and i 'm into it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to camp 4 recently for the first time at the recommendation of a friend . walking in i expected a typical ossington dive bar , attitude and all . luckily , i was pleasantly surprised by the relaxed , totally unpretentious bartender who enthusiastically ran through their beer options with me and my friend , even offering us a sample . the decor is simple , but effective . the narrow bar offers an intimate feel that is very inviting and as michelle c remarked , makes you feel like you 're in a bar you `` wish was in toronto . '' living in the east , i do n't frequent this bar as often as i would like , but whenever i 'm in the west it 's always near the top of my list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere but real problems at the bar . started with the bartender refusing to get a water for me until he finished all his drink orders ( i asked for the water first -- it was for a sick friend ) . through the night , the bar could n't make three different drinks i asked for , including their advertised signature drink ( bc 42 or something like that ) . despite the dj , the same blondie songs kept repeating through the night . wo n't be back to camp four !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is waaaaaayyy too loud . if you come with company , be prepared to yell at each other throughout the night . if that 's your scene , great . but if you enjoy being able to hear the person next to you speak , rather than some tipsy bimbo on the other side of the room screaming for the sake of being heard , find somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bleh , i was n't impressed . the place looks a tad seedy from outside ( which can certainly be fun ) and after stepping inside i felt about the same . i like dive faux-dive hipster places just fine but i was n't feeling it at all . the acoustics are pretty terrible and decor is uninspired ... not offensive , just nothing exciting . service was mildly attentive at best and i paid $ 11.00 for an old fashioned that was n't made properly . i could tell because i watched the fellow make it ( it also took him forever ) and even this i could have forgiven had it tasted okay or you know , not been eleven bucks . but it did n't and it was . anyways i did n't order another drink after that and i 'm quite confident i wo n't be back . i do n't mean to hate on the place because it 's obviously someone 's scene given how full it was ... it 's just not mine and i still ca n't believe that old fashioned ( or whatever ) was eleven dollars ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not only is this bar super cool and fun , but last night i lost my wallet there with over 500 $ in it ( yes i know i was stupid for having that much cash on me ) , and someone turned it in to staff who then called me and i had it returned with all the money still in it . they would n't even accept any reward money and even did a free shot with me when i went in to pick it up . not only was it amazing that someone at the bar turned it in , but the staff totally could have been like `` let 's split this money and tell her it was taken '' . kudos to your amazing staff , i 'm so thankful . good vibes all around at this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay ! we dropped in here at around 11ish with some friends after a birthday dinner at libretto . it was incredibly dark in here , but the drinks were reasonably priced . if you 've got poor eyesight , stay away from here , or bring your own candles & matches or flashlight to see in the darkness of this spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm with michelle c on this one.crowded . definite edge spilling out on to the sidewalk in a vibe area . even the doorman had moxy . 20 's crowd very + mixed with goodlly helping of toronto reserve ( poliite to 1 old person there ) .will definitley subject to scrutiny again when perspectives not clouded by hot company .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place.. it 's very close to my house so i decided to give it a try.. got a mani & pedi both gel at the same time . was out of there in 1 hr . the girl doing my pedi gave me a wonderful massage with hot stones and then wrapped each of my legs with a warm towel . in addition , everyone was very friendly . this was a very relaxing experience and my nails look great , i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy going in to tweedy but last time i was there they told me the wrong price then made me pay way more than i ever was told . they 're prices are ridiculous and i will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic pedicure . very meticulous and receptive to requests ! frankie took care of me and tweety applied acrylic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to get my girlfriend a gift certificate to get her nails dobe . she went back a few days later to get them done and loved it so 8 must say that they are pretty good . she usually finds something to complain about . she did have to spend about $ 75 for a mani and pedi which is expensive but i guess it 's normal out here in vegas ... just used to them cali prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely amazing . i went in to have some things fixed from cutie nail salon after a disastrous visit there . mary , tweety , and kim were amazing and so attentive . the salon itself is beautiful , the staff is well dressed and incredibly polite , and they take pride in their work . mary fixed my nails so good that you literally can not tell that they are n't my nails , and i chose a clear polish . kim gave me the most delicious pedicure ever . massaged my legs and feet 3 different times during the pedicure and kept coming by to apply lotion as my nails were getting done . i will never go anywhere else and will make sure everyone i know that goes to a salon knows about this place , bravo royal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 30 pedicure with hotrocks ? ! yes please . the interior is so cute and `` royal '' ; ) i 've only been once but i will definitely be back . the workers are so nice and it seemed family owned from what i could tell . they also have a wide selection of colors and glitters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a awesome time here . the ladies here were funny and very friendly . i would definitely come back here . i got the gel pedi and my toes came out beautiful ! ! thanks rose . tweety is hilarious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried this place multiple times mostly because it is very close to my home . the service is terrible . dont walk in without an appointment . i have never went with less than an hour wait but they tell me it will be a few minutes . most of the time they tell me to come back later . once they put me in a pedi chair and left me there for 30 minutes in cold water , at which time i got up and left . it 's not that they are overly busy-just do n't have many people working . eyebrow lip wax is on their list of services but routinely they tell me no one is available to do it . i think i 'll move on to a place interested in providing service to their customers !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kid friendly . clean and quick . super nice . did a great job on my gel nails that lasted two weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me first of all start by saying the pedicures here are amazing . you receive a full massage with hot stones and a great pedicure . a must if you need to destress . this pedicure is better than most las vegas spas . so i would have to say definitely worth the money for $ 30 . the gel manicure is great as well . they do a good job , they usually last 3 weeks or so . pros : great job , good clean ambiance . all staff does a good job . very well trained . cons : depending on who 's working it can take a little longer . they still get 5 stars from me : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is super clean and the decor is beautiful ! tweety and kim do the best work @ this salon . both ladies have a great sense of humor . both are very talented in their work . the spa pedicure is the best with the hot stone massage ... .heavenly i must say . kim takes her time during my pedi 's . what a way to relax after a long day at work ! i recomend you check it out for your self . i have no complaints and will continue to keep coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tweety is amazing at what she does ! ! it would be 5 stars cuz she 's so good . but ... i stopped going here because i always made appointments and they would serve walk-ins in my slot or double book . i had a friend come into town and made her a nail appointment with tweety a week in advance and when we got there for the appointment she had to wait 15-20 min because tweety was busy . the . this happened to me the next 3-4 times i went to get my nails done . the last time i had an appointment at noon ... showed up at 11:55 and she told me she took a walk in because i was late and told me to come back around 2:30 . that was my last time there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tweetie is an artistic and talented nail tech ! i love the music notes , treble clef , base clef and sparkles she puts on my nails ! today , she sprinkled me christmas for my party ! i love the foot massages , hot stones and towels ! i 'm a massage therapist and i 'm impressed with hand and foot massages ! thank you so much for making me feel like a princess ! all technicians are talented and you will love it at royal nails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pedicure . very cute and clean salon ... found it on yelp . sweet manicurist named lily . took her time and even did a hot stone treatment ! visiting from out of town , but i will certainly come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst pink & white fills i 've ever had . took 2 hours and there was acrylic all over my fingertips when i left . ridiculously poor work . they tried to give me business cards on my way out ! no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here today for the first time for a gel manicure . i was very pleased . the nail girl did a thorough job and they turned out very pretty", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my randomness to yelp about a subway station haha . i like this station a lot compared to others . i sometimes take this route especially in the winter . why this is a nice station ? has a bathroom , has indoor shelter , has quick food stores with snacks and sandwiches , and most importantly it has electronic signs telling you how many minutes until the next bus comes ! woot woot ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warden station is one of more unique and over looked stations . fair bit of people travel in and out through it bus routes . most can take you through southern scarborough which kennedy station lacks . there are more then handful of stations with washrooms but not too many with convenience stores and other opportunities to buy clothes . i think there is even repair shop at warden . i have stop at warden to get a bite to eat , their parties are famous and good . much like bathurst station patties . being an outdoor station means you get cell service but it can get cold on platform . all and all not a bad station", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oatmeal raisin double doozie ! what is a double doozie you ask ? your two favorite cookies sandwiched around a layer of white icing . nuff said . may your day be like a double doozie stacked with goodness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "free cookie slice for my birthday for signing up for the e-club ! : - ) a little too much frosting and it was stiff so i assume it had been around a day or two . i prefer mrs. fields ' myself !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cookies ! ! ! back when i was a carb eating machine , i would eat cookies from here without abandon . i 've always preferred the thin , slightly crispy yet soft cookies from great american cookies over mrs. fields . these are the type of cookies that you get from slice and bake dough like you make at home . if that 's you type of treat , then this is the place to go . some of the frosted cookies can be a bit sweet but i 've tried almost every variety this place sells and all of them are good ( the snickerdoodles , sugar cookies topped with cinnamon-sugar , being the standout flavor ) . swing by the food court if you are in the mall and see if you can snag a free sample . they are usually handing out samples of their chocolate chip cookies . if you are lucky enough to encounter a freshly baked batch of cookies coming out of the oven , buy them ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a rep from this company tried to leave some flyers saying they will replace windshields for free then proceeded to attempt to religiously convert me and gave me a flyer ( with a bloody jesus christ nailed to the cross , no less ) that has fellowship tract league printed on the back . it was very awkward and bizarre and inappropriate since i was at work . avoid this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have known blake for over a year . he is as honest as it gets . i have n't yet bought a new windshield from his company , vaughn auto glass , but i plan to shortly . you might want to check his bbb rating of a+ . that means no complaints -- not just resolved complaints . blake is a wonderful christian businessman and he is faithful to share his faith , which some do n't want to hear about . their loss .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used vaughn auto glass twice now and i can honestly say their customer service is great . blake was great at checking in and keeping me informed of the approval from my insurance company . one of the drawbacks is they call you every couple of months to see if you need any chips sealed or if you need a new windshield , but i 'm sure other companies do that same thing . and as a review below me posted , they tried to 'sell ' me on their religion and gave me the exact flyer described below . i understand being a proud christian but there is a time and place for that and this definitely was not it . it was awkward and made me question if i wanted to use a company that tried to push their religious beliefs on me but in the end i gave them my business and they have done a fantastic job both times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch one and was surprised at how small the lunch menu was . there was n't anything on there that i wanted to eat so i ended up getting the pad thai . i asked for extra spicy and when i received my dish , it was very sweet and not spicy at all . i had a hard time eating my food because there were so many peanuts on it . not a huge fan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of thai taste on east boulevard , and so far as i can tell , this is owned operated by the same folks . however , it is an entirely different experience , from the atmosphere to the food itself . when you walk in , this is more like an upscale eatery ( as far as atmosphere goes ) , which is n't necessarily bad - it 's just different . when you ask for hot on east boulevard , you can get something that is hot - when you ask for hot here , you get something middling . perhaps they expect those of us in the suburbs do n't know what we can handle or something , but it is an entirely different experience . the flavors are also just not as good - though east boulevard is a much longer trek , it 's well worth it for me to head there instead of this middling experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here is always spectacular and the service is always good . if you come a couple of times , the proprietor will remember you ( and she does for us since we come every couple of weeks ) . i believe it 's a sister location to the thai house on east blvd . get the number 4 as an appetizer . i rate thai places based on how good their pad thai is and this is a good one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used to make the trek up to east blvd . until this one opened . always love the summer rolls , chicken in red curry sauce , and pad gra pow . however , the last two times we went ( it has been a while , hesitant to go back ) we had lower quality food . first , my husband bit on a plastic disk found in a mouthful of rice . when we told the manager ( we had been there several times and she recognized us ) she simply claimed that happens and made no reparations . the next time the chicken was tough and rubbery in the curry . she blamed her cook who she said was hispanic and therefore did n't know how to make thai ? think i will either make the trek to east for consistently good food and service or hit the local thai in blakeney for a quick bite .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will start by saying that thai taste is by far my favorite thai restaurant . that being said , i am not a thai food expert by any means . i frequently ( once every 2 weeks at least ) eat thai food but i usually get the same few dishes . i love pad thai and thai taste has the best i have ever had . i love the lunch special because for under $ 10 you get soup , one of the lunch specials ( pad thai is always on the menu ) , and a spring roll . i have also tried the pad see ew , spring roll appetizer , and several different hot pots of soup . i have never had a problem with the service here . the food , drinks , refills , and check delivery have always been quick . i will continue to frequent thai taste any time i visit my parents friends in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh . my . god . thai taste is the best . seriously , their food is amazing . while it does take a while for the food to come out , i can assure you the wait is worth it . i have eaten at thai taste many times and i have never left disappointed . i recommend the classic pad thai with chicken . the ambience is true to the thai culture and the service is excellent . seriously , i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only ever been to the other location on east but my office is somewhat close to here so we came in for lunch and we asked if they could do the pud se ew even if it was n't on the lunch menu . they told us absolutely and that they will make it whenever we want ! our food took all of 6mins to be out and it was delicious ! we were in and out in 25mins ! service was really great and i ca n't wait to go back to this location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend has serious food poisoning from eating at this restaurant . all she had was veggies and tofu and they still somehow managed to make her sick . i 've heard other people talk about how unclean this place is , but unfortunately we went anyway . i got the pad thai and it was not good . do not eat here , for your own safety .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay - so i did n't go in - ca n't speak for the decor - we were at the carolina beer temple across the way and ordered take out - the fried tofu was pretty dang good - had a nice nutty flavor . the summer rolls were a bit bland except for the basil , which is pretty much all you could taste . the massaman chicken curry was out of this world though - brought my experience up from 3 to 4 stars when i tried it . hope to go back and visit both places again . every neighborhood needs a good thai restaurant . am i right , or am i right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i chose three stars ... it just was n't as bad as 2 stars but not as good as 4 stars . i just overall did n't really enjoy my experience here . the service was ok , just not super friendly . the food was decent but nothing special . i tried the chicken pad thai and the flavoring was just odd . it is almost as if they cooked some type of fishy fish in the same pan right before heating up my frozen meal . it came out too quickly to be very fresh and i could n't really taste anything but a fishy aftertaste and there was n't any fish in my dish . bleh ... .the chicken was not tender either ... it was chewy and i left most of it on my plate even though i really wanted the protein . it just was n't worth choking down the `` smicken '' or whatever type of alternate meat it was . wo n't be back..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is getting worse as time goes by . yelpers like to lay claim to the `` best in charlotte '' , well here i had the worst pud thai lunch in charlotte ! i asked for 5 star hot and i got medium hot as expected , not well mixed in either , it was `` hotish '' parts , totally mild in others . in itself not a big deal but overcooked needle thin noodles , no ground peanuts , hardly any sprouts ... it was bland bland bland , had no flavor whatsoever other than ... salt and sweetener , as in high fructose corn syrup . personally , i felt it was an insult for them to pass this crap as pad thai , but they seem to know their clientele and what they can get away with . i forgot to mention that rice soup ( a facsimile of gerber 's baby soup ) is included with the lunch", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best thai food i 've ever had ! and i try a lot of thai restaurants . staff is very nice . try the sesame chicken , fried rice and curry ! awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware ! norovirus ! my wife and i ate here and vomited all night long . we had diarrhea for a week . do not ever eat here ! ! ! pukeville usa", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate lunch here for the first and last time 7 26 14 . our waitress , who appeared to be the owner or manager , was very rude and argumentative . she refused to even consider our one special request ( steamed tofu instead of deep fried ) . her answers to all our questions were always `` no . '' she seemed to be doing us a favor when taking our order and bringing us the overcooked , bland , greasy , overpriced poor excuse for thai food . the women 's bathroom was dirty and needs a complete renovation . thai taste is awful compared to all the other charlotte area thai restaurants . if you do decide to give it a try , do n't order any shrimp dish . the chef has no idea how to cook shrimp .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big thai food guy , but the green curry chicken was delightful . i ordered it medium spicy ( 2 out of 5 ) and it was perfect for me : spicy but not painful . service was good . disappointed in the limited selection of beers ( no miller nor coors products ? ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thai taste is my husband and my favorite restaurant . we always look forward to friday night thai food , and we let wan-pen tell us what 's good each time we visit . she never lets us down ! we 've eaten at all the thai restaurants in south charlotte , and this is our favorite ! fresh tasting , spicy hot dishes with thai beer - does n't get much better . the staff is very friendly . i disagree with the reviewer who said there are no lunch specials because there are ! our favorite dish is the red or green curry with chicken , `` drunken noodles '' and the fish special with basil sauce . appetizers are yummy too ( chicken satay and spring rolls and dumplings , oh my ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best thai restaurants in charlotte . i have visited this restaurant quite often in the past 5 years . i do n't think that you will be disappointed in their food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pad thai with chicken . love it . one of my favorite spots for lunch in matthews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somehow related to the thai taste on east boulevard in south end , this location has a few differences in the way they approach the lunch specials . instead of unsweetened tea and a pitcher and a squeeze bottle of sugar syrup , they simply have sweet tea . fewer condiments on the table . and they take the check at the table instead of at the register . but the differences do n't end there . the lunch specials `` menu card '' is the same with the same prices , but i found the pad thai with chicken a little hotter ( two star fresh here is equivalent to three star fresh in south end ) and it was mixed up differently . slightly different flavor and texture . not better , not worse . just different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nope . just no ... came here on a friday . nice decor and cute area , but that means nothing when the food is crappy . my boyfriend and i ordered the chicken meat skewers as an app . that was the best part of the meal . good flavor , good sharing size for the two of us . next we ordered the pad see ew and the pad gra prow . the pad see ew was the better of the two , but was watery , the vegetables were still cold ( soppy , possibly frozen ) , and was bland . the pad gra prow ( also known as thai basil ) was a disgrace to all thai food . first off , it should be served with ground meat , and basil ! it looked exactly like the pad see ew ( minus the noodles ) . same frozen , soppy , vegetables , cheap chunks of meat and no flavor ! wow , what a disappointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hands down the best thai in charlotte ( only been to the matthews and east blvd locations ) their pad thai is some of the best i 've had . i really like their spring rolls too . we like to get two affordable appetizers , then split an entree . if i 'm being picky , they do n't have the best lettuce wraps , but they are n't bad , i 've just had better at other locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thoroughly enjoyed my food here , the vegetables were fresh and crunchy , service was very nice and helpful . i 'm usually wary of the quality of asian food after many bad experiences , but i was completely happy here . i had the vegetable green curry , which was delicious and surprised me with many different flavors of coconut , basil and lemongrass . my husband had a fried noodles dish with chicken and was also really happy . we 'll be coming back here ! edit : came back again later , and realized that flavors do n't vary very much between dishes . that was a little disappointing , but the food there is still good ! edit june 2013 : thai taste of matthews got a 93.5 health rating . not so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just . plain . awful . went with a friend & ordered the summer rolls & pad thai . the rolls were very bland & the dipping sauces were strange ( tasted old ) . when the pad thai came we immediately noticed the color was different from any we 'd had elsewhere ( red & powdery ) . somehow we managed to choke down a couple bites before calling over the server to have her take it away ! it tasted like spoiled spaghetti -- very tomatoey ... after taking our still full plates , another person came over ( we assumed was the manager ) & told us we 'd still have to pay because `` everyone loves their pad thai & nothing was wrong with it '' . after a few moments of going back & forth with her we finally got the bill adjusted ( as she cursed us loudly from the register ) and left as quickly as possible ! definitely wo n't be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for lunch on satruday . the food was good tasty but the portions were very small compared to other thai restaurants . we probably will go to the other thai restaurants before we come here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after bookmarking this place , i decided to try their green curry as its my favorites thai dish next to pud prig gra paw . it was located in the cute area of matthews . i ordered green curry with `` a '' spring roll . the receiver had issues hearing my order and i called back to ensure she had my spring roll request . the spring roll was n't on the online menu so i figured $ 10.95 plus $ 2 . my meal was $ 16 and change . i get home and i have 4 spring rolls with my meal . my meal was bland . it had a nice serving of veggies but not enough seasoning . back home they give a 16oz of highly seasoned and creamy green curry with thick pieces of bamboo shoots , green & red peppers . the spring roll sauce was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a good place . even on busy days , servers are happy to help anyone in need , food can be made to your desired heat level , and it 's fast and very reasonably priced . portion sizes are just right and the atmosphere is relaxed . be prepared to keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the food is always great and it comes out fast . the service is excellent and extremely attentive . i usually get the pud asparagus or the kow pud sub pra ros ( like a thai fried rice ) . they are both really great ! you get so much food for the price too . the soup is great and so are the spring rolls . they ask how spicy you want it and always make it exactly how i ask . they also have hot sauces you can add yourself to give it a little kick . stop by this location or one of the other charlotte area spots . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try this place out for a long time . my husband and i had a date night , and decided to go try it . it was fantastic . the waiter was super nice , and very helpful since we had never been there before . the food was absolutely fantastic . great taste , and a lot of food for the price . we will definitely be back , there were other things on the menu i want to try ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not like this place . the prices are very expensive and the quality of food is a disgrace . nothing tastes like it does at any thai place i 've been to . i was so upset with the pad kee mao . just awful ! ! ! ! the only reason for the two stars is the extremely overpriced but delicious mango sticky rice . i just ca n't deal with this place otherwise .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is our fifth time at thai taste and the food seems better every time . truly great food and service our favorite thai restaurant in charlotte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was pretty great . i ordered takeout and walked down the street to the carolina beer temple . had a wonderful evening with thai food and great beer . i would have given it 5 stars but felt the lady behind the counter was a bit rude . i would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good but , not great . location is very cool , in the town center . ( think big white columned building with southern looking square ) no lunch specials-you paid dinner prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staff was amazing but the food was up and down . the coconut chicken curry was absolutely delicious and the portion size was good for the price . i got it pretty ( 4 5 ) spicy and it had the perfect amount of heat . someone else ordered the pad thai at my table and it was definitely off and we ended up barely touching it . definitely would n't order that again . plum wine was very sweet but tasted very good and was something i 've never tried before . you get jolly ranchers with your check which was a first for me after a meal . staff was the highlight of the meal , they are very friendly and quick .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good thai food in downtown matthews . my favorites are the pad thai and yellow curry . service is always fast even though its busy and the servers are friendly and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so good ! i have n't had thai food since i moved to charlotte from chicago . i regularly went to thai zie in st. charles , and the family that runs it is from thailand and completely spoiled me with their amazing dishes . i did n't think i was going to find anything nearly as good but i was wrong ! i ordered the vegetarian pad see ewe , my husband got chicken curry , and we shared an appetizer . my dish was amazing ! i do n't know how they did it but we ordered takeout and served our food 20 minutes after we picked it up and it was somehow still steaming hot . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you certainly wo n't find any better thai food in matthews ! this is the sister of the east blvd . location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered the shrimp pad thai , summer rolls , and fried tofu . the food was delicious and fresh . the service was friendly and accommodating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the venue itself is pretty nice and they have a friendly staff . it 's a shame we were in a rush and waited close to 10 minutes for someone to even ask us what we wanted to drink . we walked over to bean town across the street instead . looks like there are some great reviews and i hate to go against the grain , but i thought that was a little much for a nice sit down joint like it appears to be . will be sure to try again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a limited lunch menu by day and will let you order the monday daily lunch on tuesday-friday . i have always had fast , friendly service and the food is always good . i eat here at least once a week", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy going here for lunch . i appreciate the simple lunch menu and the quick service . i 've been to the university location many times for dinner as well and the quality is consistent and the food is delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to thai taste on east blvd many times and have had great food every time . tonight i decided to place a to go order from this location because it was on my way home from work . i was thoroughly disappointed with the quality food . i ordered pad thai with chicken and when i got home it was so dry and tasted so disgusting that i could n't even eat it ! i was not even given a lime with the to go order . i 'll always go to the east blvd location , but this will be my last visit to the matthews location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got the drunken noodles and asked for skinny ( pad thai ) noodles and 4 star ( out of five ) spicy . it exceeded my expectations . perfect amount of heat and tasted great . i ordered summer rolls and did n't ask for shrimp or ask if there were any shrimp in it . i was disappointed there was not but my bad on a to go order . i 've had better but this was such an unexpected treat i have to give it five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best thai food i 've had ... .ever . for the past 4 years , i 've eaten here every 8-10 weeks ( i would eat here more if my eating-out budget allowed . ) pad thai , ( level 3 spicyness ) is fantastic . fried rice : great . the beef & chicken skewers with the coconut dipping sauce is addiction forming : ) i always finish my meal with mango sticky rice . sometimes , i just head there for this desert treat alone . the staff is always exceptionally friendly & accommodating . i love cooking at home , and will often learn how to many of the dishes i enjoy at restaurants . thai taste is the exception ; i simply can not match the ambience , food , and staff experience at home . that 's what eating out should be all about , right ? love thai taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally found myself in downtown matthews for lunch and stopped in at thai taste . i knew it was there but just had n't had the chance to try it yet . it was just after 1pm and the place was fairly busy but i was seated right away . went with the chicken pad thai with a level 4 heat . the chicken was tender but the heat fell short on where i expected it to be . that 's ok , the flavor & texture was spot on . the spring roll was crispy and hot . the staff was friendly and quick to refill my tea . overall a really good experience . i look forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the food , location and service . definitely worth a stop in matthews . i find it to be a great place to go when other places might have a long wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location in downtown matthews . greeted and sat quickly . very large menu with lots of choices . the wait staff was pleasant and attentive . the appetizer came out quickly , spring rolls , very tasty . the spice level is from 1-5 . i like spicy and went with a 3 to be safe , next time i will go 4 or maybe 5 . it was very good but i like the spice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my ultimate favorite thai restaurant in the charlotte area . i 've gotten everything from the apps , soups , noodles , curries , to the amazing mango with sticky rice , and it 's all delicious ! the service is really good , and they 're located in the heart of downtown matthews , so a great place to start an evening stroll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place for thai food . very welcoming and food is always good . we eat there 2-3 times a month and have never been unhappy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a go to for our date night . friendly family run service . great food and selection . pad thai is on point . i tend to get the 2 star where my boyfriend gets the 3-4 depending on the night . came out piping hot , seasoned perfectly . also , never a long wait and dishes come flying out of the kitchen . they are a well oiled machine . quality food . quality price . great when you are craving some good food . i wish they had at least one appealing dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food . the spices are not as hot as other places so a 4 is pleasant if you like it spicy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best thai ever ! went there last night and had the soft shell crab with sesame sauce that was unbelievable . it was one of the best dinners i have ever had . we had reservations at 6:30 and it was packed , but we did n't have to wait . my dinner partners had the crispy duck , which i tasted ( very good ) and one had the chicken with another sauce and both said they loved their choices . our server was very nice and the service was very good . one thing i liked was you got to adjust the heat on any of the sauces . of course , mine was sweet ! i will be going back again . it 's a fabulous place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wait staff was so friendly , you felt completely comfortable dining here . we ordered off of the lunch menu and everything was delivered quickly . the food was excellent and well priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been a few times now . discovered that you can get items not on the specials lunch menu from the regular menu - just got ta ask . our service was great , the food was great ( kaprow ) , and they serve cold or hot sake which is an added bonus . will definitely be taking my friends and family here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we get takeout here pretty much once a week . have n't had a dish we do n't like and they 're always so friendly . our favorites are the massaman curry , pad thai , and stir-fried cashew nut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this food is always so delicious ! the service is great and servers are friendly and patient . i love the location and pleasant atmosphere inside . the only thing i would add is a little slice of orange like some other thai restaurants serve with their dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best currently open thai food in charlotte area that i have experienced to date . they honored my request for native thai spice on the last several occasions . great food , value and service with pleasant atmosphere . we will be back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great food ! prices are very fair as well . the service is alway fast and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only do i love this place , but i 'm quick to send friends . the soft spring rolls are fresh and very authentic . the taste brings back memories of southeast asia . when within 30 miles and looking for thai , this should be your first pick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for dinner the other night after a failed attempt to try this place ( they were closed for a week - probably summer vacation ) . did not notice the sign that read `` the oldest thai restaurant in charlotte '' until leaving , but that was a good indication of longevity and the quality of their food . now the matthew 's location is pretty new - the staff is super friendly and the dining room is ultra clean . our food came out rather fast after ordering ( a good thing ! ) . i had the `` c-2 '' curry with chicken and it was delicious . the amount of rice served with the dish was perfect ... .. i always have trouble with my rice to mean sauce ratio . i got a `` 3 '' heat for the spiciness and by the end of the meal , my mouth was good and warm - just the right amount .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was n't too bad , but compared to the thai taste in dilworth , the dilworth was way much better . i had a pad see ewe and it felt like they pre-made the food and just heated it up . my food was somewhat a little soggy . however , their pud asparagus was pretty good . i also had thai tea , but was a little disappointed with how sweet it was .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got the chicken pad thai and the food came out hot and timely . everything had great flavor . staff were very nice and the place had a nice ambiance . portions were good , i had enough left over for another meal . this place is one of the better pad thai places in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , everyone is friendly the food is fast and delicious . the lunch menu is limited by day you can order off any day 's menu . i love the monday 's basil stir fry and am happy i am able to order any other day . the wednesday garlic stir fry is also very good . lunch comes with soup and spring roll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am surprised that this place has n't been reviewed by any yelpers . the decor is nice and has plenty of seatings . we ordered some fried tofu , and spring rolls as starters and they were really good . for the meal , we got green curry , pad thai , drunken noodles and some fried rice . everything tasted really good , and the spice level was perfect . i ordered my drunken noodles spicy and they actually came spicy , not just hot like some other thai restaurants do . service was good as well , our server was polite and attentive and made us feel welcome . overall , i would recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i found this place while looking for a restaurant to eat in matthews . it was an after all pleasant experience . the food was good . we ordered the tom yum soup which was a great choice . for appetizer , we had the koong gra bok or marinated shrimp in egg roll shells , deep fried and served with sweet and spicy sauce . it was also good but nothing exceptional . for entrees , we chose two items . the pud see euh was my favorite ( rice noodles ) prepared with a mix of vegetables . our server was very helpful and helped us with our choices . we definitely will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good , but smaller portions for the price , compared to other thai restaurants in town . service is good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty decent output here . atmosphere is so-so . better options in charlotte for thai but this place is solid if you 're in matthews", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's adorable and the service is always friendly and personal . we have had the soft shell crab special and it 's amazing . i also love the gaeng massaman . we enjoy date nights here often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow worst thai food i 've ever had . the pad thai was way over sauced and came out within minutes which tells me it was not made fresh . really a disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have eaten here several times . good food and value . the pad thai is legit and the portions are large . if it 's mango season , make sure you get a mango sticky rice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good thai restaurant in the heart of downtown matthews . nice atmosphere , hospitable staff and great menu . certainly not the best thai food i have ever had , but nice to have something close to the house in south charlotte matthews .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a thai fan - but business took me here . i ca n't really tell you what i had . it was number 36 on the menu . it was good . everyone else really loved the food - like i said i 'm just not a huge fan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there for lunch and tried chicken pad thai with 5 5 spicy level . it was not super super spicy but just enough . price was fair for lunch . entrees serve with an egg roll and soup . yammy egg roll ! large enough portion while plates were small ( i could n't finish it ) . it was walking distance in downtown matthews from my office , so i will come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i get thai cause i love spice . therefore , if i asked for 3 4 or 4 5 ... ..i expect something with at least a bit of chili paste . could have given my food to a 1-year old and would n't have had a blow out diaper . food was at least fresh . just had the sticky rice with mango . at least they got that right", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love thai taste ! i always get the pad thai lunch . it 's a great value because it comes with soup and a spring roll . be warned : their food is spicy ! i always order a 1 5 . the reason i knocked off a star is because i wish they were more consistent with their spice . sometimes i get a 1 5 and it 's totally fine . other times , it 's so spicy i ca n't even finish it all ! despite this , it 's hands down my favorite thai place in charlotte . great food , great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had dinner their twice and it was pretty good both times . i will be back . its not easy to find truly good thai food in charlotte , i 'd say this is one of the best places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have eaten here now 3-4 times . it is terrific . nice ambiance . owners staff are from thailand . very courteous and welcoming . great service . most importantly , the food is absolutely delicious ! just did take out tonight . super efficient . yum . highly recommend . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was ok ... not bad but not great . had a craving for thai because i ate at basil thai restaurant earlier in the week and my food was so good . thai taste in matthews was closer to my home . i had never been to thai taste and decided to try it . probably my last time going to this restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hands-down ... the best thai food in charlotte ! we always go at lunch time and the place is always busy . the service is always fast and friendly and the food is always hot and delicious . they use excellent ingredients ... lots of fresh veggies ( including hot peppers and thai basil ) , lean meats , and they buy their noodles fresh . i highly recommend that unadvertised `` house noodles with all 3 meats '' . outstanding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the `` lost art '' of customer service has been found at the wells fargo at 432 s. gammon rd ! whether it is brooke , martin , jose , jeremiah or julie or any of the other personal bankers or representatives of this branch you will always get a first class personal banking experience . they make you feel like they genuinely care about and are adept and competent with your financial needs . in this highly competitive world , my multiple experiences with this wells fargo branch stands out as an industry leader in professionalism , financial competence and customer service . thank you for leading the way in how it should be done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a worse customer-service experience at any bank . the woman i spoke with told me she was too busy to take my calls and was unwilling to help me obtain information regarding their debit cards . for this reason , i decided not to open an account with wells fargo .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst bank ever ! they put a hold on a business account without telling me because the check was too large . everything is effed up now because of them . why ? ? because they did n't think i , the assistant , was old enough to make a deposit for a business even though i 've been making deposits for the company for years ! i 'm 25yrs old- how the hell am i not old enough to hold a job as an assistant and make a deposit for a company ? ? ? they 'll never tell you the reason , however , or that they 're doing it . even when they can look at the account history and see that the checks have been deposited previously for that amount . they will take your money or hold it from you . do not bank at wells fargo if you can help it ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly staff . as soon as i walked in i was greeted right away and directed to where i need to be to get what i needed taken care of . the branch manager and the account manager both went above and beyond in resolving my issue for me . i am one happy wells fargo customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new branch of passorn ( there 's an older one in cannonmills ) . the interior is modern and stylish . service was good . food was high quality , probably the nicest thai we 've had in edinburgh . the tom kha soup was creamy and thick , with lots of fresh vegetables . the fried tofu was well-prepared and tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clearly popular when i visited with a friend on a saturday evening in mid-january there was always a lot going on in the main area of the restaurant in terms of staff coming and going . arriving unbooked as we did we were sat at the table closest to the reception desk and therefore right beside the throughfare for every other customer , which in itself was fair enough but not somewhere you want to be if you 're to get the best from the place . musically things were rather stuck in the soft rock of the '80s , rather than traditional thai , which was a bit incongruous . overall the service was alright and my friend enjoyed whatever it was she had for her main course . i was less sure about the duck i ordered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place . lovely service and the food is decent . not a bad price either . the staff were attentive and polite . would definitely recommend it if someone was looking for a thai . i 'd honestly go back if i was coming back to the area . the king prawns were dope .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was staying in a upscale hotel near the cleveland airport . delivery person refused to bring my order to the room even tho i paid by a credit card . they called me on my cell when they arrived in the lobby . had to meet them in the lobby to get my order . they had my order out of the bag waiting for me to show up . food was warm but not super warm hot . i wo n't be ordering from this pizza hut again . i 've never had this type of experience before from a delivery establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was cold when it got here ... .also took over an hour to her here and to top it all off ... my order was wrong too ... .was n't to happy about it . however , the manager did give me a credit on my messed up.order", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pizza is pretty gross . they rarely ever even get the order correct and far too i 've priced for the quality . the cheese is always only on about 1 2 of the pizza and delivery takes forever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "where to begin.. let 's just if there were an option for 0 stars they get it ! some drunk lady came to our table with menus and could not remember what beers were on tap . so she sent george out `` the bartender `` . we asked if he had any ipa 's on tap . he said what 's and ipa i do n't have any exotic beers . he was was a train wreck and said i 'll send a server out . soooo we left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give the hitching post five stars because i 've found it to be the ultimate `` do n't judge a book by its cover '' bar and grill . i 've brought many out of town colleagues here ( as there are n't many unique dining venues near nellis afb ) and all admit that it 's `` a pretty cool place . '' friendly service , cool interior , and a brand new chef who 's just great make this my favorite lunch getaway spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , this is a whole in the wall type of spot ... .but if you want to see what real vegas residents look like ... this is the place . the restaurant is located next to an rv park and the bar seems to be full of the residents . the small dining room is the place to sit if you want to eat . we went with wings and bar food and it was all excellent . unbelievably low prices especially if you use restaurant.com . i usually stay downtown , but enjoy getting out to n. vegas , boulder city , etc . to see the local action . good spot to check-out , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo good ! i was completely shocked . i had the 12oz ribeye and it was incredibly tender . the food was a little heavy on the black pepper , but that 's how i prefer it so it really did n't bother me . the only complaint i had was that the gravy for the mashed potatoes was a little too salty . that 's just my opinion . others may not think so . all in all , it was so good . they offered a military discount so my total bill was $ 16 and some change . i could n't believe it . a ribeye with two sides . best deal ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't let the appearance fool you . from the outside this place looks like a dive but the food definitely makes up for it . i ordered a rare 16oz porterhouse steak for $ 18 . came out perfectly seasoned , seared on the outside and cool in the middle . for that price i was n't expecting much and i was definitely wrong . the other person in my party ordered the country fried steak which they were very impressed with as well . after we were done with our meal the waitress went out of her way asked if we were military and told us there was a discount . the bar area is a little smokey however there is a separate dinning area that was smoke and noise free . if your looking for a fantastic steak at a fair price right outside base i highly suggest coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate here while we were staying at the rv park . the food is nothing exciting to write about . it 's diner food for the most part . the place smells smoky so we got the food to go . i would n't bring my son inside it smelt bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hitch'n post is a nice quiet quaint neighborhood bar n ' grill where everyone nows your name if your a local . the bar is very small where your back is about 18 inches from the wall and , if you 're not a smoker is very congested but , there is also a closed in non-smoking dining area and , if the weather is pleasant outside there is a nice spacious patio with camo netting to block some of the sunlight out . it 's furnished with very comfortable chairs 3 flat screen tvs water misters when it gets hot and during the colder seasons space heaters . the staff is very very friendly and personal and i never had bad service and the food is very good i 've eaten here almost everyday breakfast , lunch and , dinner not one bad meal . the grill is open between 6.am.- 10.p.m and appetizer after hours .i.e . chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks ... .etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their sandwiches were good everything else ... fries were good but the veggies that were fried mushrooms were still frozen in the middle and the zucchini sticks were nice and crispy on the outside and soggy in the middle . the lady was very nice i think she was the only one working around 3pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great steaks for the low ! food was cooked to order so it took a minute but it was well worth the wait . i 'm definitely going back sooner than later", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for lunch based on previous reviews . we definitely like the shaded parking given the hot vegas sun . we were the only people in the dining room but it worked out just perfect . we had the prime rib sandwich and a club sandwich topped off with two good beers . overall it was a great lunch . the military discount was an added + to a good afternoon . we would come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience . steak and eggs was delicious and reasonably priced . big beers were tasty and the atmosphere was nice . very interesting decor and low light in non smoking area . met some real locals that were funny and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small dining room . got fast service . steak was okay and price was right . decent value and convenient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this dive bar and restaurant provides a decent meal for a very good price . the salad , my center- cut sirloin steak , ( 515 ) and little cup of bordelaise sauce were all good . the steak was undercooked : i asked for medium rare but got mostly rare . my husband ordered a rib steak ( $ 17 ) which was rather tough . to have these low prices , they 're most likely not using grade prime . the veggies were overcooked , probably frozen . the covered outdoor beer garden is lovely , it 's a reason to come here . we came here as we were staying at the rv park next door , it was really convenient , and got a 2-fer drink offer . you do have to walk through a dark and smoky bar to get to the nice , smoke- free outdoor patio . this place deserves more business , it is a bargain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "up in vegas from phoenix i gave this place a shot because it was near my hotel and had good yelp ratings . the locals sitting at the bar eyed me like an intruder when i walked into their private club , and apparently the waitress felt the same way because she stayed down at the end of the bar counting her tips . and then she counted them again . and then she stacked her quarters and counted them . the point was made so i left and went over to the cannery casino which it turned out had a great steakhouse called waverly 's . i never ate at the hitching post , but if their food is half as bad as their service i would n't try it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i like places off the beaten path . came across a coupon for this one and decided to try it . it was awesome . looks small as you walk in but it has a sweet beer garden in the back with nice tables and horseshoe pits . steaks were awesome and reasonably priced . great service from the bartender who came all the way out back to serve us . we will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i needed to find a place for dinner located next to nellis afb as he had to be back at work in an hour . we decided on having dinner here after reading good reviews of the place on yelp . at first glance , it was n't an ideal place to have dinner , but we decided to give it a try . upon entering the dining room we were amazed at how cozy and quaint it is and really nice that is was a separate room from the bar . the food is great and the waitress is nice . the only downfall we had of the place is they need to hire more staff . one waitress for a full dining room made it very inconvenient to request refills for our drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped a hitchin post on our way home from a wedding in colorado . it was great ! found out about them based on a roadside billboard and glad we stopped in . was able to bring our leashed dog onto the outdoor patio too food and drinks very good - service great - friendly people and a nice place to hang under the camo netting shade structures which kept the patio nice and cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the waitress was very friendly ! the food was good and inexpensive . plus they have a great military discount . i highly recommend this place and will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in for the christmas prime rib special . $ 17 . pretty good price for 16 ounce cut , scalloped potatoes , vegetables and a roll . everything was pretty good except the potatoes . the worst i 've ever had . the cook came out to take bows for the prime rib but when questioned about the potatoes `` someone else made them '' . i gambled on their crappy gaming machines but was still charged for my drinks . i lost $ 49 on their machines . downtown casinos which are only five miles away would 've bought all my drinks plus dinner for that action . so many better choices close by , why come here ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! would have never guessed this little out of the way , hole in the wall place served one of the best porterhouse steaks ( my personal favorite ) i 've ever eaten . when i pulled up to the place , instantly i was skeptical , soooooo glad we went in ! ! ! prices , pretty awesome , food not half bad , ambiance overlooked because the steaks were so damn good ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little dining area . the food was absolutely amazing . kind of off by itself but boy is it worth the little drive . clean , friendly , delicious . did n't hang out at the bar but that seemed great too . beer was ice cold !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "random- food done well . server alexandira was awesome . will go back on the flip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went looking for steak dinner , found this place on yelp and the reviews were right on . half smoky saloon half restaurant , these are the kinds of small hole in wall places i look for on yelp . great steaks , great service and cheap beer . great prices on top of all that . just a great place to eat . looking forward to my next visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing service , excellent food and decent prices ! love this joint ! i 've been here multiple times and its been awesome each and every visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was so good , i ca n't find a word to describe it . the root beer was served in a glass cup instead of a paper cup that most places served in . and the burger and fries was so good . i like to go again and try the steaks they have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places on a roadtrip . yelp zoned me in to it and i really liked it . i got there around 10am but whatever i wanted in the menu ( except dinner ) was available . waitress was friendly , food was great , atmosphere was down homey and the bar was open . what 's not to like ? i had a steak sandwich", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and myself used to come here a long time ago and then they changed cooks and menus will you still love that meatloaf sandwich so couple weeks ago we went there for steak and eggs and ca n't get enough of the place we have had so yummy french dip sandwich that excellent wo n't sorella sticks and the fantastic chicken fried steak and eggs and a couple repeats on the steak and eggs perfectly cooked eggs perfectly cook steak perfectly cooked hash browns next week we 're going to have to try something new on their menu and will probably have the steak and eggs again so if anything you got ta try the steak and eggs and mozzarella sticks and the beer garden is phenomenal now is the perfect weather for it and the servers are always very sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we pulled up to the restaurant i was n't sure if i wanted to go in . it did n't look anything like i expected . but , looks can be deceiving . we had steak and shrimp . both were delicious and my sweet potato fries were great . try it ... you 'll probably like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot off the beaten path , waitress was lovely , kind and i hate myself for not remembering her name . my steak was tender , cooked to my liking ( the wife did n't have any complaints ) watched a good bit of the bengals giants game on the tv and was n't rushed to move on . if you visit las vegas , take a couple of minutes and head out to the hitchin post , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is very cute and laid back . little locally but maybe that 's why i like it . horseshoes in vegas ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . very clean and the staff there are super friendly . food is pretty good and prices are reasonable . outdoor area is really nice and relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charming atmosphere ... excellent pub food and separated dining area from bar . wonderful service ! best for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently stopped in on my stay at the hitchin post rv park . i was surprised to find out that they have pool tables , pool tournaments , and beer garden with horseshoes and darts . i had a great time ! they had a very friendly staff and the cheeseburger and waffle fries were awesome ! you would n't know if from the outside but there is a fun oasis on the inside . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a quirky but neat place ! funky bar in north vegas . close to where the sin city roller girls practice ! we came for some beers after a recent scrimmage . cheap drinks , nice staff , fun patrons ! large back patio with horseshoes and comfortable seating . we had a blast here , and ca n't wait to come back to hang out next time we 're in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "north of the swap meet you ca n't go wrong with a pick up game of pool and a quick beer to cap off your other beer from the swap meet . did i mention it 's up the street from the swap meet ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped overnight on the way from wisconsin to penna and saw the sign while driving by the mall . burgers & salads were great . waitress could n't have been nicer . sound level a bit much , but bearable . a fun place to hang out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful food and crappy service . thank god they have a bar for the infrequent times it 's the only place around that is open . i 've been here a few times and it 's consistently horrible . i avoid it now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got the bbq burger it was delicious and a great price too ! the staff was welcoming and nice . the environment was relaxing perfect for watching a game or just a family get together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's a pool table and touch screen . the deals are great for the weekend . on fridays there 's $ 2 half pitchers of coors light . the service is amazing . the bartenders are quick and friendly . had a great time here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great people and service and awesome food ! always a great place to get together to watch games on all their flat screens", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a fun atmosphere ! i am only driving through the area for the night and this was an awesome find . the staff were super friendly and quick . the waitress recommended the open face bison burger with hummus and avocado slices that came with a side salad with pecans , apple slices , strawberries and dried cranberries . the food was amazing ! i could n't have been any happier leaving this place . and for the men ... the staff are all very attractive haha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great and the price is even better , servers are nice and quick to bring drinks and menus to the tablet . great place to watch cleveland sporting events and hang with friends . one of my favorites to stop at and grab a burger and a brew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice bartenders , good drinks , ok atmosphere , lame music though , not many chicks , there was like 4 dude for every chick there.but the drinks are pretty good priced and they dont skimp on the alcohol . just need a dj or a better play list . good spot to watch sports events .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "could i love this place anymore than i already do ? ? ? ? ? ? ? first time there and i ordered the most perfect lunch . buffalo chicken mac and cheese pizza . need i say yummy to the 10th degree ? super creamy mac and cheese mixed with buffalo chicken with just the right amount of heat , placed on pizza crust , and then topped with cheese . i do n't want to know how many calories , but it was worth every one . took 3 pieces home for the next day . my husband had the buffalo chicken mac and cheese sandwich . nice piece of chicken , again spiced perfectly , topped with the same creamy mac and cheese and served on a fresh bun . it was huge , so he only ate half , but loved it as much as i loved mine . we are new to the area and look forward to returning . our server was terrific and anticipated all our needs before we even had to ask .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a great patio . lots of outdoor seating and has cornhole ( bags ) for people to play . the burgers = delicious . you can get bison burgers for about $ 13 and they are fantastic . you will not find a bland , dry burger here . these are juicy and flavorful . everything you want in a burger you can get right here . they also have a great selection of burgers that you can put their different selection of wings sauces on . so far , these are my favorite burgers in cleveland . i have also tried the rail in north olmsted ( too dry ) and smitty 's in elyria ( flat lifeless patties - nothing special ) . this place takes the cake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i are from out of state , and we chose to eat here . we made a great choice ! the food was delicious , and the waiter was outgoing and friendly ! we had buffalo chicken mac n cheese , loaded fries and buffalo mac bison burger . we both enjoyed our food ! warning : do n't get the buffalo mac n cheese bison burger unless you like spicy food ! ( which i do , so i loved it . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice while traveling for work . had a burger that was n't too tasty the first time i was here , and completely disappointed by the wings on the second visit . i do n't need a third strike to know i wo n't be back if i 'm ever in town again . the service was decent and the prices are ok , but if you like food , look elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "travel here on business occasionally . decent food and good tv selection . typical bar . stop in if your around , but i would n't make a specific trip to do so . good looking bartender though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got the ribeye steak , it was awful . it was pan fried , had no seasoning and i got a few bites that actually tasted a little spoiled . it came with a baked potato and mixed seasonal veggies , which were fine . my husband got the cleveland cheesesteak sandwich with tortilla chips . he said the sandwich was ok , he thought it was a little small , but the tortilla chips were very bland . he also got a beer on tap , which was flat . the waitress brought him another one , but it was the same . our waitress was super friendly , the inside of the restaurant is very airy and comfortable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wish that there was a six star ! granted , this was my first time ( but it will not be my last ) and dining experiences rest greatly on what you order . however , this could not have been a better experience . my wife and i are moving into the area . we were shopping for appliances and used yelp to find a place for lunch . we are both big fans of hot sandwiches and pizza . our server was great ( prompt , friendly and attentive ) . our eyes went straight to the buffalo chicken and mac and cheese sandwich . we knew that lunch would be our main meal for the day and so we also decided to also order the same combination of food in a pizza . both were amazingly and sinfully delicious ! if other items are half as good , this place will be our go to restaurant for informal dining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you got ta get a bison burger when you 're here , delicious ! the staff is attentive , polite and fast . nice atmosphere with over 15 tvs to catch your favorite game . decent beer selection on tap and in bottles . check it out when you 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in for lunch . there are several nationally known restaurants in the area but this is one that i did not recognize . so i was n't sure what to expect . the menu is very much like most pub menu 's . they did have a selection of of soups and salads as well . so i did n't want much so i ordered the chicken tenders , available grilled or fried , with fries . these tenders where homemade and delicious and served with waffle fries . i had a great lunch and would return again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great southern twist . good food and atmosphere . great beer selection as well . will stop in again when in area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2 stars for this place and or yelp . they advertise as restaurant open until 2am . kitchen closes well before midnight - if you want a late night drink with nothing to munch on - nothing - than you will be good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good place to watch your favorite team play on one of their many flat screen tvs ! service is amazing as well and drink food specials make it worth your time money ! they claim to have `` the best bar food '' around and from what i 've had i 'd agree with that ! update . 4 to 5 stars . i went in last night to watch a baseball game and by chance they had trivia ! i love playing trivia as i 'm pretty good at it ! i ended up winning and got the top prize of $ 18 to use on my next visit . so i put the coins in my pocket but on my walk back to my hotel i guess i lost 4 of them ! : ( i went back in today to watch an afternoon game and i explained to my bartender of what happened and she came back with more coins ! talk about awesome service ! this place has deferentially won my loyalty ! does n't hurt that they 've got the most beautiful bartenders in town ! all are 10 's for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wings for take out . going across country we stayed at a friends spot in town and was recommend we check this place out . it was very busy but we decided to do take out . the bone on wings were perfectly smoked and fell off the bone ! if your in town try the wings you will love them !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible service ; waited for 10 minutes for someone to take a drink order . ordered the chicken and shrimp entree . chicken was good , but shrimp was small and overcooked . rice was okay . veggies were good and not overcooked .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came to watch the season opener for the indians . game playing on 9 tv 's being watched by most of the patrons yet we 're still listening to music and no game audio . asked about it twice still no game audio in the 5th inning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "traveling alone , staying in a hotel near the mall and decided to try out the harry buffalo . as i generally do when i 'm dining alone , i sat at the bar for lunch . it was a late lunch ( 2pm ish ) and not a lot of people dinning there at that time . i seated myself and at least 10 minutes passed before the bartender even noticed that i was sitting there , right in the middle of the bar . i asked for a menu and chose the buffalo burger with mac n cheese.. unfortunately it took another 10 minutes for the bar tender to come back for my food order . the burger was 'ok'.. definitely seemed like instant mac and cheese ( shells ) on the burger that slid right off when i picked it up . the fries were soggy and the beer tasted flat . the restaurant has potential , but i was rather disappointed with it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after previously less than satisfactory experience , i spoke with rachel , the manager and she was very helpful . i went back and the service was back to excellent . an organization often defines itself in its response to a problem , and this one did awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome quesadillas ! conveniently attached to the mall . service is always on point . large , open space can easily accommodate bigger parties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped by k karaoke after dining and hanging out at med . i think it was about 1am when we got here . k karaoke is located at the upstairs of a bar lounge on crescent . it 's a small establishment that does not have a centralized karaoke area or bar , rather , there are rooms partitioned by thick enough walls so you do n't hear the horribly off-key singing next door , or better yet , so they cant hear your horribly off-key singing . the individual rooms are small , with two couches and a large tv and a coffee table in between . you can probably squeeze in 8 people comfortably . their song listing is huge . it covers all genres , from old to current . i guarantee there are at least a handful of songs in there that you can sing decently . they offer drinks and appetizers . we were served soju with peaches and potstickers . careful with those potstickers , they 're piping hot inside . really fun karaoke experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a really bad experience last friday the employees were chill when we entered but they left before we had to pay and there was only the owner . the guy tried to make us pay for 2.5 hours when we only did 2hours . he didnt know anything and he kept telling me that we did 2hours 40 minutes and that we should be grateful that he only charged us 2.5 hours instead of 3 . ( 2 hours=40 $ 2hours1 2 =50 $ for the smallest room ) what a rude guy the price depends of the size of the room so ours was the smallest 20 $ for 1hour . the walls were thin and the sofas were cheap as well i wont go here ever again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there with friends to celebrate my birthday . i lived for a while in hong kong so i was looking for the same kind of experience and to show my friends why i was in love with it . the room was perfect and very spacious , we had a ton of fun singing and dancing around until we could barely stand up anymore ! my friends were hooked to this kind of karaoke and we plan on going back as soon as we can . it 's a fun experience ! ! the only downside is the fact that they have only instant food and a limited range of drinks . if they ameliorated that point , i 'm pretty sure i could live there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "interesting concept for a night with friends but i have to tell that the decoration is cheap and its not a very fancy place at all but who cares if you only want have fun in privacy with friends ... you share the bill and the price is allright . the songs are mostly in english , no much french.. the video playing all the time backgroung in the screen is only nature ... nothing to do with any song ... . lol.. not very exiting ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it took us 4 months to get around to trying this place ... we heard about this place from a colleague and were hesitant because of the lower star rating . we are sad we waited because we love it ! we are native new mexicans and have been very disappointed with the food here . this has become our new go-to mexican food restaurant , hands down . i , personally , love the poblano cream enchiladas - i 'm salivating as i type . we have only eaten in the restaurant and have not been to the patio . we have been for lunch and then around 7 pm and it 's been moderately busy and service has been good . staff is friendly and accommodating . this place is located among a bunch of shops in downtown scottsdale - so parking is spotty . they have their own lot but it 's often full . my only complaint is that the tea is n't so great ! give this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the green corn tamales that were very dry with burnt corn kernals . i have been to much better places for half the price , i should have read the reviews before i went . the waiter only served us and then left only returned with the bill . tucson has the best food worth the trip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. jekyll and mr. hyde . warm months = sit outside , drink margaritas , have fun . cold months = endure too many people crammed inside , get shitty service , wonder 'what happened ? ' . f & l 's ... i 'll see you in a few months , once the temp starts heading in the right direction again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow , this place is bad . the food is very bland , and the service was horrible . i ordered the carne adovada burrito , and it was n't good at all . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great patio area , margaritas by the pitcher , decent prices and mmmm stuffed sopapillas ! ! ! i will definaly go back but i will probably avoid fri sat night so we do n't have to drive around to find parking or wait for a table ( in their non-existant seating area ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best mexican food we tried on our trip to phoenix . blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent . chili rellenos were fine but a little greasy . salsa and chips were the best part . lots of complaints about the service on yelp but we were treated very well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're going to try out f & l , i suggest the patio dining area . the inside portion is dirty , loud , cramped and your view is an eye-level of the parking lot . the food is ok , but the service is horrible . with so many mexican options in the valley , it will be a long time before we go back to this place , if ever .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best mexican in scottsdale ! my boyfriend and i have been trying everything in the scottsdale area and we finally found it ... frank and lupes ! great fish tacos , carne asada tacos etc . most of all it has a great patio , fun atmosphere and great drink specials ! very friendly staff and highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch at frank and lupe 's today . great new mexican food . i had a taco salad which was terrific , other had a burrito , and taco 's along with rice and beans . everyone enjoyed their meals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this so far is my favorite mexican restaurant in scottsdale , however , i have only lived here for a couple of weeks . i am a big mexican food lover , so this met my needs on many levels . the place is rather small , but it gives a more mom and pops , personal feel . the decor is mexican which gives it a more authentic feel . i loved the salsa . it had a good garlic and spice combination . the food is rather cheap , but tasty . the service is very fast as well . i have yet to try many other mexican restaurants , but i feel this one will still rank high with me because of the taste , speed , price and casual atmosphere it brings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , but the service is always slow , and they charge for refills on chips . i feel like if you 're paying $ 12-18 for your food , they should have free refills on chips , call me crazy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the place to go if your looking for a good mexican restaurant in old town . frank & lupe 's has decent prices ( not your typical scottsdale prices ) with very authentic mexican food . there is also never a true crowd or wait but is always has a constant flow of people but be prepared on a friday or saturday night . the chicken enchiladas with poblano sauce was recommended to me once and i have never looked back , they are always on my order . my last trip here i tried to beef tacos are are scrumptious , the taco shells are homemade - yummm ! this just brings me to the chips , which are also homemade and usually come to the table either warm or hot . salsa is different and adds a little kick . always have wanted to try a house margarita , everyone seems to order them so maybe give it a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while in scottsdale for the first time today i consulted yelp for a recommendation on an inexpensive spot for lunch . frank & lupe 's popped up with three stars and since we wanted mexican we thought we 'd give it a try . what an unexpected surprise since three stars did not do this place justice . the service was friendly and prompt , miranda was our server . the chips and salsa were excellent . my margarita was perfect , and the chile relleno was yummy and authentic . my friend had the huevos rancheros and said it was as good as `` grandma makes '' . ask for a side of poblano sauce , it 's wonderful on everything they serve . this is definitely a great scottsdale restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum off the charts . i was moaning from their shredded beef tacos . some of the best i have ever had and i am surrounded by mexican joints . prices were reasonable especially for the higher end drinks . the location near the art galleries makes for a perfect date night . it is also super charming inside and on the patio . this will be my scottsdale go to place . am so jealous of the locales that they get this place in their hood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this the best mexican food in town ! the food is a bit spicy but fantastic tasting . the margarita 's are the bomb ! ! great food ! ! easy on your pocket book ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place from a recommendation from a friend . it is a gem and we love the outdoor patio . great skinny margarita and excellent poblano enchilada no overly priced and great service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow this was a awesome place the service was great and my steak tacos were to die for ! omg", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute , old mexican restaurant tucked away in old town scottsdale ! 3.5 5 we were there for lunch with aj and j this sunday . my first time there and love the decor . frank & lupes reminded me of the mexican restaurants we saw in mexico city.. cute , colorful and friendly ! per aj 's recommendation , i ordered a chicken green chile soup topped with a scoope of sour cream . it was delicious ! j and j both had beef burito . i personally did n't like their chips and salsa ( a little bit too mild ) but it was a perfect place to enjoy your lunch on sunday !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time a few months ago and ordered the shredded beef tacos ; the beef was cooked to perfection . every time i come back i get the same . chips are also good . additionally , this place is quite affordable considering its old town location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has been our favorite mexican restaurant for 20 years , no more . we ordered enchiladas and got a skinny cheese burrito . mine had mole and chicken on top and my wife 's had a couple of soggy vegetables on top . the kicker was i spent the night in the bathroom . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fav . place to get some mexican grub ! i recommend heading out to the patio side to get a fun environment while dining . the owners and staff are wonderful and never fail me for a good time at their restaurant ! i love unwinding with one of their margaritas and my munching on some yummy chimi 's ! i also recommend the mole !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sat down and told the waiter we were only here for one shot . was here for 40 minutes and the shot was half of a real one and in a cup", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went there today at about two pm for a late lunch and had the wonderful pulled pork meal we expected to receive . very tasty . however , we were not pleased by the level of cleanliness we found there . the meat prep area ( which was not being used right then ) needed a thorough clean up . the remains of what must have been a busy lunch rush were still to be seen on the knives , cutting table and the floor of the area . the large window invites you to look in so perhaps it should look presentable . after ordering we went to find a table , but the first two were covered with liquids , crumbs and spilt bbq sauces . the dirty plates and silverware were gone but nothing has been wiped down . we had to clean our table and seats ourselves before we sat down . the floors looked as though they had n't seen a broom all day . this turns off your guests .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i lunched here today with a few business connections , we all had dark pants on ( this is important to remember ) . the wait staff was very good and the gentleman who seemed to be the busboy was even better . not only did he move quickly to clean up a glass of spilled water he validated my parking - where were the others , i have no idea . the food was fair - the steak in my wrap was a bit dry and the fries were cold . but , it was good . my belly gut approves . my only suggestion for them is , better linens - lint was all over our pants ! always great when you are off to another meeting . i have been here a few times ... never really impressed !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place kicks ultimate butt when it comes to hh pricing ! martinis are about $ 6 which is decent but it 's their version of bar food that is fantastic . i 'm talking $ 1.95- $ 4.95 range for high end bar food . i had the fried chicken biscuit sliders with honey jalapeno mayo and it was freakin amazing & filling . i did n't need another thing to eat and it was only $ 1.95 ! ! im telling you the money you spend on food will free up the money for you to drink , and not have to drink on an empty stomach..and we all know that never ends well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there on a saturday night , decided to dine at the bar because i was by myselfs . i ordered bowl of clam chowder and the main lobster . it took them about half an hour to bring out my chowder and during the mean time the bongo player that was playing in the bar would not stop caughing ( i feel bad for him , but they should really have just sent him home , poor judgement call on that one ) . i guess over all , it was just a really slow night and no one really wan na be there ... ..maybe next time would be better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sure , it 's a chain but i like schmick 's at happy hour for sure and it 's pretty good for lunch too . do not pass up the thresher shark , and their mashed potatoes are frickin ' killer . i 've actually never had a loser from schmick 's i even have their cookbook ! dinner 's a bit much price wise for me , although for what i 've experienced off their lunch menu i 'm sure the quality is excellent . i am a 2nd generation cheapskate though so gim me a $ 2 cheeseburger ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mccormick & schmicks is one of those restaurants that serves a very real purpose by providing a place to wine & dine clients , colleagues , & co-workers . the environment is really nice . if you need privacy or quiet for a more serious discussion , there are little alcoves that seat six comfortably where the curtains can be drawn to provide privacy . the service is polite , attentive , & everything service should be . my hesitation with mccormick & schmicks is that for the price , the food is ok . it is enjoyable but not memorable & while it is not a really expensive restaurant , it is expensive enough that i expect a tad more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service . met a friend at the bar . good pupus . reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "note : the 5 stars i 'm giving this place is for their happy hour menu , not the regular menu . if you order off the regular menu no amount of advice can help you . m & s has to have one of the best happy hours in the world , aside from spearmint rhino . $ 3 drafts and a rotating $ 2 bar food menu , such as 1 2 lb . burger with fries , hot wings , fish tacos , beef taquitos , etc . do n't order the fish chilli though , it tastes like a1 sauce . they got a lot of winners on tap , like kiltlifter , guinness , bass , fat tire , pyramid hefe , etc . happy hour is from 3p-6p and then again from 9p-11p , which is pure genius . make sure you get your parking ticket balidated , because the eritrean girl in the parking garage will make you go back in the restaurant and get that joint stamped if you forget . buzzkill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was pretty awesome . the food was very meh in my opinion . i got the restaurant week menu and ordered : lobster bisque steak and lobster tail chocolate tuxedo cake i enjoyed everything but the steak and lobster . the stead was worse than anything you 'd be served at applebees . for real . the lobster was tasteless and rubbery . will not be returning for food , ever again . maybe i 'd return just to sit at the bar and talk with the friendly bartenders and drink . maybe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my sister and i went here and it was great . she had the crab stack and i had the lucious fish tacos.i went back again and my husband had the fish and chips and i had the halibut special . again just wonderful . place is pretty and service was friendly . plus they have valet parking !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on christmas day for lunch before catching a movie at the esplanade . my parents and i noticed the valets in front , and seized the opportunity , as many places around here were closed for the holiday . the beauty of the menu is the ability to order as much or as little as you want . the salad with caramelized pecans was delicious , as was the crab cake . service was quick and attentive , and we got in and out in good time , yet did not feel rushed , which is always appreciated . i had a gimlet with my meal and , though it was not made in the classic fashion with as much lime juice cordial as i would have liked , it still hit the spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like rich , bland , expensive food this place is perfect . the service is great , but the food was disappointing to the point where i would not even consider going back . i 've heard the only thing worth ordering is the trout and a caesar salad . great , and all that paper they waste printing out daily menus . i was here several months ago and i do n't remember it being so terrible . like they cheapened the ingredients and raised the prices . my parents have a m & s loyalty card but i think they 'll be burning it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not only is it happy hour , but they have the reverse happy hour too . the menu changes about once every quarter , but you can always count on the hamburger and fries being there and they mix in some tasty treats too like ahi tuna nachos and shrimp cocktail .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "check out their thanksgiving lunch special . food , service and price was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this restaurant , especially for their happy hour ! totally worth it and the food is excellent ! my favorite are the seared blackened ahi which tasted superb and the black mussels . i tried the escargot , bruschetta and catfish bites as well and they were all tasted wonderful ! i highly recommend to try this place as i found it 's the best restaurant for happy hours and dinner ! great choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have collectively been to hundreds of happy hours and this is by far the worst ever ! do n't be fooled by low prices - if it is poorly made then its not a bargain . the only beer discounted at happy hour is pabst blue ribbon and 4 different cocktails . nothing about hh here is good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love how the menu changes twice a day ! the food is always fresh , and the service is always great . we love coming here ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they quoted $ 35 for an oil change over the phone . then they handed me a bill for $ 65 . they claimed my vehicle needed synthetic oil , which it does n't , but no one asked me if i wanted synthetic oil and i was sitting in the office . also , that does n't justify an extra $ 30 charge . my receipt was not itemized to show any of this . in the future i will avoid their duplicitous business practices and go elsewhere . in my old city , i always got a 19.95 oil change with a free tire rotation and no unexpected charges pushed on me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "moved to verona from out of state 5 years ago . given that i did n't know the community well , i took my car to a dealer and was told that i needed nearly $ 4k in work done . i was wary of this as i thought much of the work was unnecessary . talked to a few folks in verona and was referred to hometown auto clinic . their quote came back at just under $ 700 and the car has run like a dream with just basic maintenance since . we now take all of our vehicles here , i trust these guys and would not take my cars anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's nice to have a local auto repair shop that is honest and trustworthy . needed a fix on the heat shield for my son 's car . my wife took it to a dealer who wanted to replace everything and charge a ridiculous amount . hometown auto clinic fixed it in less than 10 minutes and barely charged us . i am still amazed . will definitely use them again and recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is by far the best auto shop that i have ever been to . the prices are very reasonable , the staff is knowledgeable and friendly ( somehow they always remember my name ) , and they are very fast , often getting me in the same day that i call . there has been more than one occasion that i 've taken my truck in with a check engine light or other minor issue and they 've checked it out without even charging me . if it does n't need to be fixed , they will tell you instead of making unnecessary repairs . if you give them a try you 'll likely see the honesty and quality of work that i 'm talking about .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car had an issue with the power steering belt for a couple days before i turned to hometown auto . called at 1 pm , was in at 4:30 and out at 5 . they said it was an easy fix and did n't charge me for their servie . i was more than willing to pay for their speed , kindness , honesty , and obviously the results . so yeah , i recommend them . also while i was in the waiting room i heard them singing and joking and they just seemed nice : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want your nails to look the uglesssstttt they can be come here they did a horrible horrible job i told them i was not happy with the work and they acted likey they could not hear me i paid $ 55 plus gave them a $ 10 tip before because i do n't like to go back in my bag and dig for money and mess my nails up but never again will i do that ... the guy that did them did a job like it was his first time horrible job ooooo and on top of that he cut me ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying i called the place ahead off time . a guy answered the phone and told me it would be 60 dollars for mani+pedi with fench gel . when i arrived to the nail place in walmart it was pretty slow and michelle helped me . she did a wonderful job on both my mani and pedi but once i was done she tells me its 80 dollars . wth ! i asked the guy who i talked to on the phone why he said 60 and he tells me he did n't . liar ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here based on the previous two reviews . it was on a friday afternoon . my pedicurist was joe and he was amazing ! he does a great foot massage and was very friendly . the whole experience was about 30 minutes . the place is cramped but worth visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just great ! ! friendly staff , affordable and very professional , i will for sure come back , connie is absolutely fantastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here ! went in last minute and was able to get in right away ! tom did my nails and he was amazing . good nails and gives great massages ! i liked this place . was n't crazy about it being in walmart , but other than that good experience ! i", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this nail place for 4 years almost . i 've tried other places when i switched to the south side , did n't find anyone . when i moved back to the east side i came back to them ! i love getting my nails done by david . i also get my eyebrows done by his wife .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a pedicure ! paul was so great and actually painted a design on my toes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this nail salon does a phenomenal job with my nails , toes , and eyebrows.an amazing experience and service can always be guaranteed here.staff and other clients are extremely friendly , a comfortable relaxing atmosphere is always provided.i would without a doubt recommend this nail salon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get simply `` bleh '' teriyaki chicken on top of rice for over $ 7 . no veggies , spices or anything else . the rice was under cooked and i got a few suprise crunchy bites of rice . this place needs to get real and lower the prices of their cheap bowls or increase the quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great coffee , great food , great service ! i took my son here for story time on a tuesday and we had a great time . i do n't like coffee much but their iced coffee is delicious . i also had an egg and cheese sandwich , which , simple as it is , was made really well . the dining area is very cozy and we hung out for close to two hours . i also have to add that i appreciate the size of their bathroom and the clean changing table ! we will definitely be visiting them again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish every restaurant that had a change in ownership was required to post a sign to that effect on their front door . when the woman at the register proudly told me there was a new owner i suspected i was in trouble and unfortunately i was correct . the food which was previously terrific was mediocre at best . unfortunately i got a couple of pastries to take home and they were not even mediocre . unfortunately i 'm gon na have to take this place off my list .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place meets all of my criteria ... it is a place that you would not expect to be where it is , great people doing their best to give you a great meal , squeaky clean , and most important awesome food . i have eaten there for lunch several times and have stopped by for a muffin or egg sandwich on occasion . i have never been disappointed . their specialty is definately with the baked goods at far better prices than the bakeries around south charlotte but everything is awesome . if you are around the mall shopping or staying in a hotel closeby ... this is a much better place to go for breakfast or lunch then the local chains or the food court in the mall . it may seem off the beaten path but it really is n't .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time there today and it was delicious ! i had the `` most popular '' sandwich the randy and it was really good . might ask for the bread to be warmed just a tad . my husband had a muffin which was amazing and the curry carrot soup.. soo good ! the ladies that worked there were super pleasant and helpful . loved that they had loose leaf tea . the green chai was very nice . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a thriving locally owned spot with great food and very nice staff ( owner makes the food and brings it to you ) . but as mentioned by other reviewers a few dollars overpriced even considering the quality of the food . still one of my favorites . i just hope they adjust their pricing on their sandwiches and salads to be more inline with panera .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good cupcakes ! ! ! large space - very comfortable ! the service is `` relaxed '' which means they 'll get to you when they `` can '' ! i 'm never in a hurry so it does not matter to me ! i have only been here three times and each time everyone is friendly and the cupcakes are very good ! the patrons are friendly too ! comfortable seating and comfortable atmosphere !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i died and went to scone heaven . i may never go to amelie 's again . this place is uh-mazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad , but good either . and at $ 9 per sandwich there are much better places to go . service is spotty as well . nice folks , but they have some work to do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful pastries , salads and sandwiches . friendly service . never disappointed when i order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed . they try hard with healthier food options . prices reflect that . had a coupon for a free beverage with item purchase . as others mentioned food is microwaved . ordered a sausage , egg , cheese croissant . some of it was tasty , the rest ended up in the garbage . overdone egg and ... the charlotte checkers called : they wanted their hockey pucks back . ( i.e . stupid hard sausage . ) first time back in a couple years . unsure of a return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found this little gem on yelp about a year ago when i first started traveling to this area . i am from connecticut and every time i come down here i have to at least stop there once to get my fix of their breakfast sandwiches and they 're tasty treats . they also make a very good cappuccino . you 're missing out if you have n't tried yet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent baked goods , the cupcakes are excellent and moist , with delicious frosting . the lunch menu is a reasonable size for lunch . eating here you 'll be full , but not stuffed . if you want quantity over quality , go to a buffet . the ingredients have been of the best quality , and well prepared . the fresh salads are well balanced and served with a reasonable amount of dressing - not a vat as would be served elsewhere to tempt you to grossly over-dress your salad . coffee and tea selections are excellent , and well prepared .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the breakfast sandwiches and cupcakes are amazing . the inside is very neat , dark , and cozy . the staff is always eager to assist and pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i stopped in for a weekday lunch . we ordered and shared two hot panini sandwiches , the eliot and the maria , from the cafe menu , yum ! the sandwiches came with a side of carrots in a vinaigrette , tasty . everyone working there was nice and friendly . the cafe has a cozy feeling and was clean . we felt like it was a good quality meal and a good price . we will surely visit again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a small coffee shop bakery . yes it 's a bit pricey but it 's not a franchise . their drinks are good , the sandwich i got was tasty , as well as their sweets . i will definitely be visiting this place again , the customer service here was refreshing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has been underwhelming the two times we stopped in . the cupcakes were dry , our food was microwaved and had `` hot spots '' in it , lattes were gross and we threw them away right after walking out . will not stop in here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we hit this spot at least once a month as i work down the street . i have explored most of the sandwiches and i 'm rarely disappointed . here is a tip , they will make any sandwich a panini . i had the turkey sandwich on ciabatta and found it good but too bready , so the next time i asked if they could do it hot and viola ... it 's delicious as a panini . go for the sammies ... ..stay for the cupcakes . the straight vanilla ca n't be beat . service is always pleasant . this is a great gem in pineville . the only thing i ca n't get behind is the carrots . they are just odd . maybe pickled . i dunno . i sub it out with the pasta salad which is yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible food and awesome staff ! the owner is very hands-on and interacts with every customer that was in the restaurant . this is a must when you 're in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slightly out of way . heard of this place from a friend . located in downtown old town pineville . place is clean and comfortable . staff is nice and receptive . menu has nice variety . food is delicious and unique . would definitely go again and recommend to others . would be nice to have 1-2 gluten-free items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice local stop for breakfast or lunch . inventive sandwich selections for those whose tastes run beyond the average meat and cheese on white . yummy baked goods too ! as for the prices , i do find this a bit odd . sandwich alone - 5.95 , with a side ( a few chips , salad or soup ) - 8.95 . bag of chips beside register - 1.25 ( a larger servings than the official side ) . you do the math there . honestly , i do n't think 8.95 is too much for a combo lunch of this quality - not at all , i just think their pricing is a little off . they should maybe up the plain sandwich charge to around $ 7 ( it would be worth it ) and give you the side of chips free - and up charge for the other sides . but who am i to question ? either way , two on earth is worth a stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what keeps me coming back ... ..hmmmm , the quiche ! amazing , i love it ! ! ! also the sammie t - ( grilled cheese basically ) comes on sourdough bread with pimento cheese , sharp cheddar and peppadews ! ! ! ! ! perfection ! ! ! although the food is amazing , the cost of everything adds up fast . a slice of quiche , sammie t sandwich , and a side of broccoli salad= $ 17.00 ( tasty lunch , tasty price lol ) everything is made to order ... ..the bakery is small , never open on monday 's . myself along with others always visit during lunch hour . i believe they close at 3pm during the week . my coworkers and i visit often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in town from atlanta for my husband 's job . tried this place after seeing it while driving around town . i agree with several other reviewers . this place is way overpriced ! i had the two on earth salad with chicken salad . it was good but for $ 10 i would 've liked & expected more than 1 4 cup of chicken salad . if you order a sandwich only it is $ 5.95 . a sandwich with a side bumps it up to $ 8.95 . so if you want chips with your sandwich you will pay $ 3 for some lay 's potato chips . kid 's menu is more reasonable on price and includes a small cookie or mini cupcake . i really wanted to like this place . `` two on earth '' needs to come down to earth on their prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in ( finally ) for lunch and thought it was a charming spot with a creative menu . there were plenty of option from sandwiches and salads to quiche and soup . the bakery items looked amazing . the service was quick and friendly . my friend and i both had the christopher panini , i had turkey and she had corned beef . very tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stop ! just go ahead and stop ! i pass by this cafe everyday to and from work . today i did stop and i 'm really glad i did . it 's right at the railroad track in pineville . the staff is committed to fresh ingredients and by hand preparation . i ordered the caroline sandwich - their chicken salad sandwich - and it was very good : chicken breast , celery , water chestnuts and red grapes . best of all it was n't goopy ! two on earth is open for breakfast ( scones - hand beaten - or the eggs bacon thing ) and lunch ( salads , sandwiches , quiche . ) i should mention the red velvet cupcakes too . like i said - after flying over the tracks , put on breaks and stop at two on earth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the ambiance of two on earth and it is a place i 'll go back to . however , the sandwich i got was totally not worth the money . my friend ordered a breakfast sandwich and it was bigger than my sandwich yet mine was twice the price . the quality of my sandwich was okay , not very tasty because there was hardly anything on the bread - hardly any meat , cheese or other fixings . i expect at least a little more than that for my money . i really should have returned it . i know they were not trying to rip me off but that 's the way i felt . when i go back i will order one of their bakery or breakfast items because they are a better value . i saw an employee eating while she was preparing food . that is a huge `` no no '' . i wanted to say something to the manager but i did n't . i really should have because my guess is that he she would have wanted to know there is an employee doing that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good food . had the bryan sandwich split with a friend and cup of brocolli cheese soup each . order at the counter , food delivered to table . owner stopped by table to make sure everything was ok. nice touch , as mentioned before prices are a little high but food is very fresh , unique and tasty ! ! not a lot of seating , scones looked wonderful , gon na have to make another stop to try these .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to danny based on all the previous reviews and i can tell you that they are 100 % accurate . danny is a stand up guy who does quality work . he uses the same products as all the local car wash places . the only difference is danny does n't over charge , mark up or stick it to you . thank you for providing quality work and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my car done here a few days ago , and could n't be happier . pro 's uses high end suntek carbon cxp film very reasonable prices has a shop so the tint is done indoors , which means it comes out better than some mobile tint doing the job in full sunlight great atmosphere - feels like a family business", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys do quality work . they have an amazing work ethic and attitude . they squeezed me into there schedule on short notice , and used the highest quality sun tech tinting film . my 20th anniversary gti is looking way better and stays much cooler in the hot az sun . they also have solar tint films that are totally clear but manage to block out 90 % of the sun , for the ones who dont like the darker tint look , but would still like the solar protection . i will recommend alladdins window tinting to anyone interested in getting there windows tinted , and will return with any cars i purchase in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second time getting my car windows tinted with aladdins window tinting . they do a very good job for a decent price . had my first car done 2 years ago and windows still looks great . i would highly reccomend to anyone looking for quality service and installation for a reasoniable price . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my car tinted a couple weeks ago and forgot to leave a review ! this little shop is great , danny was so helpful and nice . he explained everything to me , as i knew nothing about tint , did n't even know there was a legal limit for your front windows in az ! he had my car completed within a couple of hours and even threw in a wash i was a little worried at first , the strip on the top on my windshield looked a little bubbly , but danny assured me this was normal-and sure enough , it has settled within the 48 hr drying period . now it looks perfect . the prices are great as well , very affordable . thanks , danny ! i will refer anyone here who is looking to get their car tinted", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i initially did a quick google search for auto tinting around the phoenix valley and came across aladdins window tinting . living in tucson , i decided to schedule an appointment on a weekend to get my mini tinted . i called three days prior to my potential appointment time and danny was more than accommodating . i was briefed through all my tinting options , all the pros and cons , and costs days prior to my appointment and when i arrived , danny walked me through my options again . danny was calm , knowledgable , and respectful to both me and my car . the process took about an hour and half and danny did an excellent job applying the tint . it has currently been one month since my appointment and i 'm very satisfied . i will be returning again for a visor strip . i highly recommend their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend aladdin window tinting . i had my wife 's car done the other day . they did a great job at a great price . the car looks great . it looked so good that i brought my truck in the next day to strip and re-tint my windows that i had done at another shop . their customer service is top notch too . quick and a fair price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just got our windows tinted at aladdin 's great friendly knowledgeable guys , i would highly recommend there services best prices in town and quality work . windows look awesome . thanks danny and casey . will be sending anybody i know who needs to have their windows tinted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danny is the man ! super professional and my car looks great with the new tint . he 'll answer all your questions and treat you like a real customer . best prices around too . would recommend to anyone who needs window tinting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were referred to danny and his team by a friend and they did not disappoint ! we got two car details done and they came to our house , so we did n't have to drop off the cars or wait for them to be finished . we have a two year old , so the cars were wrecked with drink & food spills from our toddler . when we came home , the cars looked like new ! they even got stains out that a previous detailer could n't ! i would recommend them to anyone and will use them in the future again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys at aladdin went above and beyond the call of duty . they spent extra time removing the tint on our rear window which saved our rear window defroster . the new tint looks fantastic ! great job aladdin ! we will be back and we will tell our friends about you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were great and i plan on bringing my other vehicles to them . i had my two back windows in my cargo van limo tinted and it was done very professionally and danny was very friendly and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "down to earth guys ... did a great job on my car ... would definitely go there again.. -max", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danny was awesome ! he was able to get me in the same day ... removed some tint that was too dark for me and replaced it with some that was more to my liking . i will definitely bring all my vehicles back to him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from initial phone call through appointment until driving away the experience was a great one ! working with them was an easy process and they explained everything and answered all my ( many ) questions . they even vacuumed the backseat and washed the care before giving it back to me ! ! ! absolutely amazing and so comforting to know there are still great companies out there aimed at customer service and product quality . thanks so much and we will be using them for many years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did a fast and good job , employees were extremely knowledgeable about the different products and offered good recommendations ! it 's been about two weeks and the tint has all settled and it looks great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys at aladdin were very professional courteous and detailed about their work i would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a top rated tint work on any vehicle . great job ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very customer oriented ! they have netflix to watch as you wait , offered me water and explained the process and prices very well ; prices are very fair and product turned out great ! would absolutely recommend to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been waiting to write a review for aladdins because i wanted to make sure the film would hold up . it 's been over 3 months , and the film looks great . competitive prices , great service , and high quality work . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time ! i 've done about 10 prior rooms ( at least 5 prior establishments around lv ) and will say this was up there with the best . it was n't too easy and actually required some intellectual thought ( should come as a `` no brained '' , but that is n't true with all the rooms ) . additionally , the facility was clean and modern , and the host was well-informed . i will be back to try more rooms !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first venture into escape room challenges , and it was fantastic . chad , our host for the evening , was very helpful and did a great job explaining the challenge and all pertinent information . we had a group of six people , but you can do it with less or more people ( you may be placed with others to do the challenge ) . to work together with others to find clues and to discover surprises throughout the experience is a much more exciting way to spend a day than going to a bad movie . to complete this venture takes teamwork , creativity , and exploration technique . it would be a great team building exercise for co-workers , and a fun venture for families and friends alike . we look forward to our next visit to escape chambers ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although this was my first escape room challenge i can say with certainty that yakuza will not be my last . our game master chad was absolutely the best . the puzzles we were presented with were tough but fair . i can say that i did not think we had a chance to finish but with one hail mary we finished and escaped with 4 minutes to spare . i could not be more pleased with our group and the room we were tasked to escape . thank you for a great birthday celebration you will see us again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my other half and i did the `` kiss of the dragon '' room , and it was very imaginative . we were constantly using our wits to race against time ( 60 mins total ) . the key is an attention to detail , and we found that we could 've paid more attention . but we enjoyed the challenge very much , and the people running the place were ok with giving us that `` vital clue , '' one that would help us win the challenge . we would very much recommend the challenge . take the plunge and you wo n't be disappointed . it was a unique and rewarding activity !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so fun ! went for my friends 21st and we actually beat the room record ! the employee also gave us lots of water and was super helpful . highly recommend , rooms are challenging and fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i did the vip room on a saturday night . the staff was amazing and the room was challenging but beatable . they were very thorough with their explanation of the game setting . the room and details were awesome . this was a great night out ! ca n't wait to go back and try another room !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i decided to go here for a birthday . i must say we had fun looking for clues . you really have to think out of the box when thinking of clues . you really have to work as a team as well . we 'll be back to try the other rooms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great ! the guy who helped was really nice , and he was the only one working at the time . we did the morning after ; the puzzles were constructed well and definitely made us use our brains . there was a lot of detail and a great plot . my group and i would definitely recommend this place for anyone in the area ! the employee said most do n't get out in time , thankfully we did with time to spare . please check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time . we had a surprise birthday planned and gabriel helped us execute the plan . friendly staff and unique experience ! it was the first time for most of us . definitely different than dinner and dancing ( which you could still do after ) . will probably do more but it is borderline too expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bad a prepaid reservation and showed up to a closed facility . no cars in the parking lot , nobody answered the door , nobody answered the phone . the reservation was for my daughter 's 16th birthday party and we ended up paying more to get in last minute somewhere else . very disappointed . do n't waste your money here ! ! i want a refund !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a great time ! we especially enjoyed how conceptual the related clues were . they were never random nor without purpose . rooms are very realistic and you can easily tell a lot of effort was put in to each design . the game master was very entertaining and really made you think about your clues without giving too much away . i highly recommend the ritual and the vip room . will definitely be back to try more rooms as they come out ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first escape room experience and it wo n't be my last . i had such a blast . we escaped the morning after room with three minutes or so to spare . chad was a great host who was friendly and informative . the puzzles were appropriately challenging . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast-paced cerebral fun ! our group organizer found a great groupon that kept the price reasonable . after a short video and explanation we were locked away . we finished one of the harder rooms with a few minutes remaining ! a guaranteed fun event !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without giving any details out , this was a really fun , simple yet difficult adventure for us . the game manager was super cool and helpful prior to the lock down as well as helpful during the small hints he 'd drop when we 'd get too stuck on one place for too long . this is definitely a must do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trying out this new escape room located east of the strip . multiple rooms to play . located in a business park . lots of parking . bathrooms outside of complex . roomy waiting room . separate safety briefing area . the funniest introduction video i 've seen in any escape room multi room linear pathway game . minimal puzzles to do . well appointed for the theme some tech but minimal . this was touted as a medium difficulty second room insanely hot . no air flow it was unbearable . poor game flow did n't flow well . several read herrings that did n't detract . even their puzzles did n't align up to get a code . did not get out . had to use all three clues . if this room is indicative of their algorithms i will.not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was great very nice and clean . however , upon arrival i must of shown up when an aa meeting was leaving around the corner or something of that sort . i do not know if that is any correlation to why they keep the doors at this place locked . once we came in we were greeted with super friendly staff ! we could of just hung out talking to them they were super friendly . once the clock hit the hour we were taken in to a small room for a video overview and taken to the escape room after . we failed . it was still fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so much fun ! ! chad is an exceptional worker super friendly and helpful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having done three other room escapes i must say this place did not disappoint . you need to make an appointment just like the others and just like all the others it 's located in a business office area that is fairly easy to find with gps . our host was very friendly and helpful with any questions our group had . the place was clean and well maintained . bathrooms are located right across from the entrance . the escape room we picked is called the ritual room . we escaped it with 8 minutes to spare , having used two clues . i wo n't give out anything about the room all i 'm going to say is the room was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with a group of girls for a bday celebration ... we did the vip room . what an amazing time ! this was our first escape room and we are now addicted . the room was decorated to make you feel you are really in that setting . great details added to the excitement of the hunt for the answer to escape . ca n't wait until their two new rooms open up ... we will definitely be back . our host was so nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best family activity we did in vegas ! ! ! ! we did the dragon 's kiss and this theme was amazing . no spoilers in this review but i will admit we did have to ask for a couple hints . this is a must do . it was like playing a full size , live board game ! we had so much fun ! ! ! ! gabriel was our game master and he rocked ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great fun . chad was helpful and gave us effective guidance . we finished ... but it was n't easy . we will definitely do it again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love joni ! ! ! she is simply amazing ! every time i walk out of her salon , i feel gorgeous and love my hair . joni takes the time to listen and the results are better than you pictured . xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joni is amazing ! ! her skill and talent matches her fantastic personality and wonderful heart ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again , joni a-maised us when my daughter came in for an updo for her prom . joni designed her hair to pick up features from her dress . the effect was stunning ... and it lasted for the entire night . thank you , joni ! you are wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joni is an amazing hairstylist who i have been going to for years ! i always leave with a great haircut and color ... ... .never disappointed ! ! her prices are very reasonable , especially considering her expertise ! ! highly recommend to both men and women ... .young and old ... ... my 20yr old loves every cut he 's had by joni", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joni is wonderful ! she knows her stuff , is personable , and versatile . if you want to try something new , she 'll help you with your decision based on your hair 's thickness , color , etc . i look forward to my visits with her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going for a while now and i 've never been disappointed . great haircut and great products . she also works with your schedule the best she can . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first visit to see joni today to get my daughter 's hair cut . she did a wonderful job and obviously knows much about cutting wavy to curly hair . i would highly recommend and plan to visit myself in the near future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been staying in bridgeville for a week at a time for the past month . i live in new york city and am no stranger to some great pizza . in many of the pizza places here its not what i would consider good and in fact really bad in most cases . but serafina 's is a different story . they make a truly excellent pizza . everything about the pie is right , including the crust which helps to make this one of the best pizzas i have had outside nyc . the hoagies are very very good as well . add to this the friendly and prompt service from the guys in the back or emily out front , and you have a `` go to '' place right in bridgeville . whenever i am back in bridgeville i will be back to serafina 's for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! had the meatball hoagie ... ..zucchini planks ... .and salad ... all fresh ... .all great ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a superb sicilian pie and some of the best wings i 've ever had delivered . good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , i would like to say , this place has wonderful pizza . however , last night , we ordered and the delivery gentleman was standing at our door telling my husband how slow business has been for the holiday and that he checks every pizza before it goes out . i open the box and the top of the pizza slid across the whole pie and into the corner of the box . it was soggy and i ate it with a fork ... now `` real '' pizza lovers eat their pizza by hand ! lol . anyway , we did n't complain , but i am giving them a poor review right now until we try again ... because we will . i just felt `` duped '' by the guy who delivered the pizza because he was way off the mark in checking this one !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm in pizza heaven with thier buffalo chicken pizza ! i also had thier chicken tenders ... it is n't raising canes , but they are still good . yummy place . nice people . plus the price is right on the money . usually a slice and bottled cold drink is $ 3 and some change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am italian , and i must say that this is the best pizza i have ever eaten ! i ordered a veggie pizza one day , and it was so good that i had to call them to tell them so . i 've also had the basil tomato ( usually called a margherita ) and it now is running neck and neck with the veggie in my book . everything is fresh and flavorful . love , love , love it . - amen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in collier township , and serafina 's and tomatoes ii are our go-to pizza delivery services . i prefer serafina 's pizza over tomatoes ii 's , and my absolute favorite pizza here is the round tomato basil pie . order it , even if you are traditionally a meat lover , and i 'll bet you love it . just to be clear , make sure you order the round tomato basil pie , not square . other pizzas here with different toppings taste good on the square cut , but i prefer this particular pizza on the thin round pie . i 'm also a fan of their italian wedding soup , and their service and drivers have always been really nice to us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are visiting from virginia and found this to be the only place opened on a sunday night . we ordered pizza , italian hoagie , hot wings , bread sticks and a salad . everything was so delicious ! i was really in the mood for the italian hoagie and my only regret was that i had to share it ! pizza was also wonderful as were the wings . definitely will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was writing a review tonight for a terrible experience i had at jersey mike 's down the street , and decided to look for something that was close and had good reviews . serafina 's has a bunch of good reviews awards , so i figured this would be a good choice . since the review actually got me in the mood for i sub , i decided to try the turkey hoagie . it was probably the best i 've had in the bridgeville area . the bread and meat were very high quality and it was n't over or under toasted . definitely will give there pizza a chance , as big guy 's right down the street is average and nothing to write home about . give this is shot if your by railroad st .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily the best hoagies in the area . sausage and italian especially . they also have an italian signature sandwich on ciabatta bread that is very good . it has roasted red peppers on it . serafina 's is a little hole in the wall pizza place across from the caboose next to tambellinis . their pizza is also very good . our staff orders the square pizza with thick crust . i usually steal a piece or two . very good very cheesy . so if you are looking to shake up your usual pizza shop order try these guys . you will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! the pizza was so good . we found this place on yelp , while on a business trip in pittsburg . definitely a great spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "puptent is a new and exciting alternative alternative to pet boarding . i have known karri for some time now and she is a trustworthy professional . i ca n't imagine ever letting my dog stay at a traditional boarding facility knowing that for less money he could be staying with a loving family . this is a much needed option for those who take long trips or require extended hospital stays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great concept ! for those of you who do n't want to leave your pet in a cold , impersonal kennel or do n't like the idea of having someone in your house while you 're gone , this is for you ! you can go away on your trip , and not worry about your pet 's well-being or your stuff while you 're gone . how cool is that ? ! ? kari , the owner , is truly caring and conscientious , and you can leave your pets in her care with confidence .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really . i ca n't say enough good thing about this company . it 's a wonderful idea that every dog and cat lover should join . i had great experience with the owner of this company who is dedicated in loving our best friends . i was out of country for 3 weeks . imaging if we are the pets that do n't get to see the world and stay home without the care or love . it will drive us crazy . this service will arrange the best host for your pets , so you do n't have to worry about their condition . great services for our best friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the problem : the idea of taking fido to the `` kennel '' freaks us out almost as it does fido himself . we know that fido is going to get the most basic of needs met at `` the kennel '' , but we also know that he thinks it sucks . we know that he is n't happy about being there . he remembers the last stay at the kennel and maybe that 's why he whines and whimpers as we drive up to the place ? maybe that 's why he has to practically be dragged into the kennel ? the solution : puptent alternative pet boarding after leaving fido with a puptent participant you might have to drag him back home when you come to pick him up ! he just spent several days being loved and pampered by someone who was able to enjoy him and care for him and love him almost as much as you do ! to learn more about how puptent can make your doggy a happy camper when you are away see this quick video : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=p0o5fckcsvy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. simon is very , very , very good . i have been a client of power road chiropractic for some time but dr. simon is one of the best . great customer service . the administrative assistants up front get me in whenever i want and i am in and out of there very quickly . i could not ask for more in a chiropractic clinic . thanks dr. simon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. simon is the best ! i 've been going to him for a long time and the new place is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. warren and his staff are amazing . they have a variety of options and have a commitment to a true integrative practice . i love the personalized approach and how i feel like i am a vip patient each time i am there . not to mention the office is beautifully decorated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a groupon for a 90 minute massage . saw sabra and she was the best . looking forward to my visit with dr. elrey the chiropractor and getting in control of my aching back and neck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a skeptic like most people and it was the last resort for the intolerable pain i was experiencing . i had visited sports med docs , gone through physical therapy , and done several acupuncture sessions but my pain always returned within a few days . i was referred to him by a coworker who is also a skeptic . dr. elray and his team quickly assessed what was the root of my pain . i felt such a difference after only one appointment . i 'm about halfway through the treatment plan that was customized to my needs and it 's been such a relief ! i ca n't believe i have dealt with this pain for so long . i strongly recommend dr. elray and his awesome team", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure who dr. warren is but i see dr. elrey and he 's pretty good with adjustments . he does n't do the typical adjustment every other chiro does..he adjusts you to your specific needs . i love beth and her injections have been tremendously helpful during my treatments . great pt therapist too , i just adore bennett . he is so patient & kind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought my dad a massage with their new massage therapist chris . he works out of their scottsdale office . he has been getting a massage on a biweekly basis for years . he says it was the best he 's ever had . he even gave him a $ 50 tip . ( that good ) . i will be sending everyone i know . what a keeper ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . my appointment was on time . dr. elrey has a great bedside manner and was great with my kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in having horrible sciatic pain and now i am pain free ! ! dr. clay warren and staff are amazing ! they genuinely care about helping , and have a family friendly atmosphere . the massages are great also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled across this business since they are very close to home . dr. warren and his staff are awesome ! he explains issues completely and i never felt rushed asking questions . dr. warren develops a plan that works for each individual . offering massage therapy , trigger point injections and many other non invasive techniques . they are very accommodating and all you have to do is ask . very comfortable and clean office . i highly recommend giving them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top adresse f\u00fcr beste thaimassage . nong und ihr team sind einf\u00fchlsame und professionelle thaimasseurinnen . die atmosph\u00e4re ist wunderbar traditionell und top sauber . meine beschwerden sind komplett weg . es ist wirklich erstaunlich , was hier geboten wird . komme gerne wieder", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people here are very friendly and the massages are simply amazing . i tried once a relaxing oil massage , which was great , but then i tried the real thai massage and is was perfect ! it was a bit painful , but i felt great afterwards . will definately go here again ! prizes are also very ok .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "war \u00fcberrascht wie gut doch so eine thai massage sein kann . nette h\u00fcbsche frauen die sich gut um einen k\u00fcmmern und dabei net viel reden . einziger punkt was mir nicht gefallen hat waren die schlechten parkm\u00f6glichkeiten dort . mussten 20 min nach einem stellplatz suchen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die massagen bei nong thai massage ( fr . kuwee ) tun sehr gut . sie massiert die schmerzenden stellen abwechslungsreich und geht auch auf akute probleme ein . hinterher f\u00fchlt man sich richtig entspannt und wohl . sie benutzt viele techniken und setzt auch arme , beine , f\u00fc\u00dfe und z. t. ihr k\u00f6rpergewicht ein ; alles techniken aus thailand . man bekommt schnell einen termin und sie massiert auch oft 10 min l\u00e4nger , als der eigentliche termin ist . man bekommt meistens problemlos in der n\u00e4he einen parkplatz und die praxisr\u00e4ume sind zentral in stuttgart-feuerbach gelegen . die preise sind okay , f\u00fcr stuttgarter verh\u00e4ltnisse fast schon g\u00fcnstig auf jeden fall ein super preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis . frau kuwee ist sehr freundlich und habe seit dem 1 . mal beschlossen , stammkunde zu werden !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good tai massage . place is clean and you get your money 's worth . this is if you are looking for just great massage and nothing sexual .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das ein oder andere restaurant oder schnell-imbiss schreibt sich gerne mal `` best burger in town '' auf die fahne . bei der meatery trifft dies tats\u00e4chlich zu und dann kommt erst mal lange nichts . f\u00fcr all diejenigen , die gerne des fleischgenusses fr\u00f6nen , ist das stuttgarts erste it-adresse . ein highlight ist sicherlich die gl\u00e4serne reifekammer des restaurants , die einem im eingangsbereich begr\u00fcsst . mit diesem anblick wird klar : hier kommt das fleisch frisch auf den tisch , \u00e4h auf die individuell w\u00e4hlbaren br\u00f6tchen . beilagen ? brauch ich nicht . hier steht der fleischgenuss und die fleischqualit\u00e4t im vordergrund . noch fragen ? # nomnomnom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been to the [ m ] eatery twice , but i had fairly good experiences both times . the restaurant is located downtown , around stadtmitte , so it 's convenient for many in the city . the food was excellent . i 've been kind of boring recently , so nothing too bold in the way of ordering : pureed potatoes and steak . the potatoes i ordered were n't mashed , they were actually pureed perfectly , which i do n't find too often . the steak was classic and good , and cooked accurately well done . definitely a good restaurant , i 'd like to go back and sample more for a wider feel of the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sau teuer . bei 2 personen geht es kaum unter 100\u20ac . kalte atmosph\u00e4re . zu enge tische . aber halt auch die besten steaks die wir je gegessen haben . das ist ein quantensprung gegen\u00fcber maredo oder blockhaus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kind of nice , staff seem really new and uninformed which stinks of poor management and training . asked what the oyster of the day was and my waiter did n't know and had to run off for five minutes before returning to tell me there was n't any at all . prices are insanely high , dry aged bone in rib eye was way underdone , bordering on blue but burnt on some edges suggesting cooking temp was much too high to procure a medium finish . marbling was cheap , dried portions not cleanly removed and very tough and rancid tasting . steak did not finish like a dry aged either , perhaps they age for two weeks and not the six as they advertise . very disappointing wine list as well , went for still water .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "essen sehr gut ( nicht perfekt ) , service inakzeptabel ! auf diese einfache formel kann ich meine erfahrung nach nunmehr zwei besuchen zusammenfassen . das konzept ist grunds\u00e4tzlich gut und die qualit\u00e4t passt . leider wird weitestgehend vergessen , dass der service in dieser preisklasse eine mindestens ebenso wichtige rolle spielt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ambiente super ! ! essen aber nicht so toll . pommes kalt , kein richtiger dirty martini . filet kann nicht gr\u00f6\u00dfer als 6 oz bestellt werden . b\u00fcrger ok , aber nicht spektakul\u00e4r . steak trocken , obwohl medium bestellt . bedienung hat sich m\u00fche gegeben , aber war nicht richtig sichtbar . didnt quite meet the expectation of a true steak house ( for the price ) and almost all burgers ( but the avocado one ) contained bbq sauce ? ! and no blue cheese in the entire place - not as a cheese option for the burger ( actually you only had the choice of with or without melted cheese that did n't taste like anything ) , and no blue cheese olives in the dirty martini that took forever to make , i 'm suspecting they had to look up how to make it . it was n't chilled when served . : ( but the ambience is pretty cool , especially on the first floor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das essen wahr sehr gut , hat aber auch seinen preis . leider war die bedienung etwas langsam", "score": "4"}
{"review": "optisch cooles ambiente . musik nervte ein wenig . service freundlich , aber nicht immer greifbar . das thunfisch-tatar asiatisch war ein wenig limetten-lastig , also einen tick sauer , das avocado -tatar ausgewogen und lecker . burrata hatten wir schon cremiger . rib-eye am knochen kam bleu statt rare . nach nochmaligem grillen war 's gut . das pyramiden-salz ist nicht unbedingt die beste wahl , weil manche bissen dadurch arg salzig waren , manche gar nicht . geschmacklich war das fleisch in ordnung , jedoch f\u00fcr \u20ac55.- keine offenbarung . der spinat lecker , das sellerie-p\u00fcree sehr luftig , aber kaum gew\u00fcrzt . pommes allumettes sehr fein , die normalen pommes gut . cheeseburger gut , der vegetarische hat nicht \u00fcberzeugt . dessert : sorbet mit wodka tip top , coupe denmark entt\u00e4uschend , fertig-schoko-sauce und das eis kristallisiert . fazit : sch\u00f6ne location.service ok. essen ok , aber nicht \u00fcberragend . die preise recht hoch f\u00fcr das gebotene . wir werden wohl eher nicht mehr hingehen ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "war jetzt zuletzt nach dem stadionbesuch noch auf einen burger in der meatery . angenehm ist das man hier auch in legerer kleidung hingehen kann ohne von den servicekr\u00e4ften daf\u00fcr durch extra ignoranz abgestraft zu werden . wir hatten gleich wieder einen platz an der theke bekommen der burger war medium bestellt jedoch f\u00fcr meinen geschmack etwas zu durch aber noch ok. daf\u00fcr waren die biere perfekt temperiert und eingeschenkt was leider auch nicht \u00fcberall selbstverst\u00e4ndlich ist . alles in allem ein gelungener abend komme gerne wieder .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allgemein f\u00fcr ein gesch\u00e4ftsessen haten wir uns diesmal das [ m ] eatery in stuttgart ausgesucht . da das wetter so toll war , hatten wir uns kurzfristig entschieden drau\u00dfen zu essen . das ambiente drau\u00dfen ist durch die city-lage nicht gearde `` traumhaft '' - war jedoch angenehmer als im restaurant zu essen . bedienung jeder tisch hat einen `` hauptansprechpartner '' im servcie , der beim servieren durch kolleginnen unterst\u00fctzt wird.unsere kellnerin war dem gehobenen standard der k\u00fcche nicht entsprechend . einfache service-anfragen wurden eher unwillig als zuvorkommend erledigt . das essen wir hatten von dem europ\u00e4ischen weiderind ( dry-aged ) den new-york cut . das steak war phantatstisch zubereitet und auf den punkt . negativ aufgefallen sind mir die beilagen , die zum teil sehr fad und eher lieblos angerichtet waren . hier hatten wir eine auswahl von kr\u00e4uterbutter , mais , `` l\u00e4tschigen '' pommes und dem roten zwiebel confit . das ambiente wir sa\u00dfen drau\u00dfen , dies war ok. der innenraum ist stylsich und schick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr sch\u00f6nes , modernes , ansprechendes ambiente . gepflegt , alles sehr sauber . musik k\u00f6nnte etwas leiser sein . die g\u00e4ste sehr unterschiedlich von 25 bis 70 jahre . mein kleiner bekam eine sch\u00f6ne befleckte kuh geschenkt , somit konnten wir in ruhe bestellen . der zuvorkommende service konnte alle unsere w\u00fcnsche fast schon von den augen abgelesen . wir nahmen eine hummersuppe , leicht locker , wunderbar . zur vorspeise eine tartarvariation , auch hier nur das beste . im hauptgang eine steak-klassiker mit all ihren beilagen und so\u00dfen . zart und medium gegart . nun aber waren wir platt . beim n\u00e4chsten mal mit nachtisch . die weinempfehlung passend zum essen , glasweise . gut beraten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "es war zwar etwas schwierig mal einen tisch zu bekommen , weil ich eigentlich nicht reservieren wollte , aber nach 3 anl\u00e4ufen hab ich dann doch reserviert . und das hat sich absolut gelohnt ! meine gesamte bestellung war extrem lecker . vorspeise gegrillte blutwurst hat mich total begeistert . steak war einfach perfekt . die bedienung war freundlich , kompetent und schnell . ich freue mich auf meinen n\u00e4chsten besuch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for dinner and it was absolutely amazing ! for starters has 1 beef tartar and 1 tuna tartar . they very tasty and well presented . had the european new york cut for main course . this was hands down the best steak i ever had ! ! the waiters where very friendly and very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein abendessen zu zweit zum geburtstag . freundlicher service und gutes essen zu einem gehobenen preis , der speziell bei den getr\u00e4nken nicht gerechtfertigt ist . bedienung freundlicher empfang und bedienung , allerdings etwas langsam . das essen lachstartar als vorspeise mit orientlischer anrichtung - nichts besonderes , aber guter geschmack filet mignon mit kartoffelp\u00fcree und cafe de paris butter - fleisch sehr sch\u00f6n zart und medium gebraten - cafe de paris butter etwas unscheinbar sorbetvariationen als desert - sch\u00f6ne auswahl an sorbets - basilikum-sorbet etwas unerwartet , aber durchaus interessant als getr\u00e4nk ein zinfandel rotwein mit gutem geschmack , aber nichts besonderes und eine flasche mineralwasser . insgesamt gute , solide qualit\u00e4t aber etwas \u00fcberteuert ( vorallem die weine und die vorspeise ) das ambiente raum war komplett gef\u00fcllt , wodurch es leider sehr laut war und die beleuchtung am tisch ist sehr schummrig , vorallem beim lesen der karte etwas hinderlich . bestuhlung ist sehr eng , so dass man sich etwas eingeent f\u00fchlt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren vor kurzem hier . ich muss sagen , nicht unbedingt ein muss ! der empfang war wenig herzlich , eher haben wir uns gef\u00fchlt , als w\u00e4ren wir l\u00e4stig . es war nicht viel los , trotzdem hat es ewig gedauert bis wir an unserem tisch bedient worden waren . der service hat lieber miteinander geredet anstatt mit uns . die preise sind echt gesalzen . das essen qualitativ wirklich sehr hochwertig ( wir gehen gerne hochwertig essen ) und sein geld wert . aber am service muss wirklich dringend gearbeitet werden . einfache fragen zu den gerichten konnten nur schleppend beatwortet werden . in einem restaurant mit einer so hippen athmosph\u00e4re h\u00e4tte ich auch ein bischen mehr individualit\u00e4t erwartet . aber hier macht jeder nur seinen job und das merkt man . muss nicht wieder sein", "score": "2"}
{"review": "allgemein waren einfach neugierig , ob die leistung in stuttgart identisch zu hamburg ist . bedienung bedienung ist unaufdringlich . ber\u00e4t kompetent . ist verf\u00fcgbar , wenn ben\u00f6tigt . das essen usa rib eye 300g tatar surf & turf an den beiden oberen essen gibt es nichts zu m\u00e4keln . absolut stimmig . kritik am surf & turf . ich erwarte , das beim hummer languste die karkasse abgel\u00f6st ist und nicht m\u00fchsehlig das fleisch aus dem panzer gel\u00f6st werden muss . beilagen k\u00f6nnten f\u00fcr mich pers\u00f6nlich etwas umfangreicher sein . das ambiente musik f\u00fcr meinen geschmack zu laut und zu aufdringlich . die beiden nebentische wurden insgesamt 3 mal neu eingedeckt . jedes mal wurde mir die r\u00fcckseite des kellners pr\u00e4sentiert . das geht auch anders . sauberkeit tisch , sessel und speisebereich sehr sauber . toiletten ebenso . angenehmer geruch im ganzen restaurant . nichts riecht verbrannt durch grill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid burger for lunch but service was a bit lax . pass on the beef tea ... i think the chef may have discovered this in a north vietnamese prison .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fleischeslust pur ! schon am eingang staunt man \u00fcber den reifeschrank . wer gegrilltes aller denkbarer provenience in optimaler zubereitungsart genie\u00dfen will , ist hier goldrichtig . der service ist jung und manchmal vielleicht zu locker , aber das konterkariert auch sch\u00f6n die landl\u00e4ufigen vorurteile \u00fcber angeblich `` steife hanseaten '' . die zubereitung des fleisches war optimal , was wohl dem 800 grad ofen und dem fingerspitzengef\u00fchl der k\u00fcche zu verdanken ist . weine sind hier leider zu teuer , deshalb nur 4 sterne f\u00fcr speisen . insgesamt kein billiges vergn\u00fcgen , aber im besten sinne preiswert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "der hamma ! steak in seiner besten form in geschmack & optik . hoffe die kommen nach berlin ! ich warte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein ich war leider etwas entt\u00e4uscht . ich gehe nicht mehr ins meatery . bedienung dar\u00fcberhinaus war der service klar \u00fcberfordert unsicher und langsam . das essen mein dry-aged t-bone steak war leider - statt wie bestellt medium - gut durch . geschmacklich konnte das meatery nicht \u00fcberzeugen . das ambiente die st\u00fchle im au\u00dfenbereich sind viel zu eng - man sitzt r\u00fccken an r\u00fccken . zudem sind die tische nicht weit genug auseinander , sodass man immer das gespr\u00e4ch der nachbarn mitbekommen muss . sauberkeit ok", "score": "3"}
{"review": "angenehmes konzept . ansprechendes ambiente . freundliches und zuvorkommendes personal . gute qualit\u00e4t . allerdings fehlte auf den toiletten die papierhandt\u00fccher .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful outdoor seating and great service while enjoying a filet mignon just off the main pedestrian walkway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freundlicher service ! essen war gut aber am oberen preislichen limit ... ich hatte rinder-tartar als vorspeise und danach ein us porterhouse . qualit\u00e4t war so wie man es erwarten darf . die fritten sind sehr zu empfehlen ! die saucen waren auch gut . weinauswahl k\u00f6nnte besser sein , vor allem an usa weinen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good restaurant for those who want to enjoy a tasty piece of meat . you can chose between european , american or south american meat with a large choice of cuts . in addition to your meat you select a sider among many , a sauce and a flavored butter . i had a 300g sirloin from argentina with mashed potatoes with herbs ; perfectly cooked . nice wine list and good atmosphere with gentle service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allgemein meatery ist okay , jeder muss selber entscheiden ob preis leistung stimmig sind . bedienung sowohl am empfang als auch am tisch war die bedienung v\u00f6llig angemessen . man merkt das es sich um keine wirklich gelernten kr\u00e4fte handelt , aber sie sind ordentlich ausgebildet . das essen wir hatten zweierlei tartar ( rind und thunfisch ) plus eine kleine gemischte platte zur vorspeise . die waren handwerklich in ordnung . empfohlene rotwein war schlicht lecker . hauptspeise 2x steak , gut gebraten vielleicht eine spur zuviel feuer ( schwarz dunkel ) . geschmacklich gut , qualit\u00e4t gut . beilagen sind eher durchschnitt , kartoffelbrei ist lobend zu erw\u00e4hnen . das ambiente erster wirklich dicker minuspunkt . hier wird geld gemacht , die tische stehen viel zu eng . man sitzt quasi mit dem nachbarn an einem tisch ( 2er ) . f\u00fcr solch ein restaurant und die preise nicht akzeptabel . 195 euro f\u00fcr zwei personen . vorspeise , jeweils 2 bier , 1 glas wein , steak ... .das war es . sauberkeit hier kann ich weder etwas bem\u00e4ngeln noch gut heissen . wirkt auf den ersten blick sauber . toilette wurde nicht besucht", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has the best burger in europe ! in addition , they make some very good cocktails . the steaks are delicious but a bit pricey . the burger menu needs to be requested , they normally wo n't give it to you with their normal menu . expect to spend around 16-20 euros for a burger meal . recommend making a reservation for dinner . every time i went without a reservation , we ended up sitting at the bar . no complaints about sitting at the bar . i always have a great conversation with the bar tender . the restaurant itself is more on the fancy side . they do n't have a dress code but i feel more comfortable if i wear a collar shirt . one thing they do need to improve on is the bread . its always very dry and tasteless . i have eaten here many times and will continue to do so while i am in germany .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich war eher skeptisch , da ich aus usa sehr verw\u00f6hnt bin . ich habe die gastfreundschaft , den zuvorkommenden service sowie die herausstechende qualit\u00e4t des steaks und der beilagen so nicht erwartet . mein hauptgang bestand aus dem us ribeye mittlerer gr\u00f6\u00dfe . bei meinem n\u00e4chsten stuttgart - besuch besteht somit wiederholungsgefahr . f\u00fcr den besonderen privaten event , als business lunch dinner oder einfach mal so sehr empfehlenswert . preislich bleiben die steaks in anbetracht der qualit\u00e4t im rahmen , ich hatte dazu einen malbec , der ebenfalls empfehlenswert ist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das ambiente ist eher sehr gehoben und chick . essen ist vom feinsten und super lecker ! - nat\u00fcrlich hat dies auch seinen preis , welcher angemessen ist ! bedienung ist super nett und zuvorkommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das beste steakhouse in stuttgart ! location : sehr nett eingerichtet mit viel gr\u00fcn und das licht ist etwas gedimmt , sodass es eine sch\u00f6ne atmosphere erzeugt . sehr sch\u00f6n ist auch , dass die k\u00fcche offen ist , so kann man den k\u00f6chen etwas zuschauen . personal : top personal , alle sind sehr freundlich und haben sich super um uns gek\u00fcmmert und immer wieder nachgefragt ob alles in ordnung sei und wir haben uns dabei sehr wohl gef\u00fchlt . essen : das steak ist einfach das beste steak was ich je gegessen hab ! t-bone vom weiderind und rib eye vom american beef waren traumhaft . auch die beilagen waren sehr k\u00f6stlich , vorallem zu empfehlen sind die hausgemachten zwiebelringe und kartoffelgratin ! vorallem der kartoffelgratin hat es mir angetan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service , first of all , is spectacular . i was a server growing up , and my father was a server , so i 'm very particular about service . this place truly knows how to treat customers . so friendly and fun ! and the food - ugggggggggghhhh , so amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein zum 2. mal mitten in der city , habe ich die meatery besucht . gleich nebenan ist ein parkhaus - besser ghets kaum ! bedienung der service ist neutral , keine besonderheiten . das essen kam z\u00fcgig . das essen zuerst wird einem selbst gebackenes brot mit butter gereicht . das brot schmeckt nach einem gew\u00fcrz , dass ich pers\u00f6nlich nicht so sehr mag . filet mignon mit buschbohnen und chilibutter . ich hatte das filet medium bestellt . leider war es bei meinem 2 . besuch etwas zu durch . die qualit\u00e4t vom fleisch ist allerdings so hervorragend , dass es trotzdem einfach klasse geschmeckt hat . das fleisch in der meatery geh\u00f6rt zu den besten die ich je gegessen habe ! es ist butterzart und sehr gut gew\u00fcrzt . die buschbohnen waren noch sch\u00f6n knackig . wer gerne fleisch isst muss hier unbedingt hin ! das ambiente modern eingerichtetes restarant mit nettem au\u00dfenbereich ( leider direkt an der stra\u00dfe ) . sauberkeit sauber . keine m\u00e4ngel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sch\u00f6n eingerichtes lokal mit freundlichem und sehr aufmerksamen service . speisen perfekt ! lichtsituation sieht zwar wundersch\u00f6n aus , aber ist einfach etwas zu dunkel . getr\u00e4nke etwas zu teuer . hier ist sicher noch spielraum f\u00fcr den gastronom . wir hatten einen sch\u00f6nen abend und haben wirklich sehr gut gegessen : emphehlung !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely busy due to hogmanay ticket purchasing , however they seemed to have a pretty good process for getting everyone taken care of . i was in and out in a jiff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being the only four weeks of the year when anything resembling culture descends upon the city , the fringe has long since overtaken the somewhat dated international festival as edinburgh 's main event in august . i 'm not sure if it merits a shop that 's open full-time for the other 11 months of the year , but during the event itself this shop does prove useful . the souvenirs are all fairly standard , but it 's best to view it as more of an information point than a shop itself . the fringe can be a bit overwhelming at times , and with 90 % of the shows being utter dross , you want to be as clued up as possible before spending your hard-earned .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "card in , tickets out . just like that ! - the process of picking up tickets from here could not be simpler . the edinburgh international festival really needs to learn from this . i visited today ( a few day 's before festival launch ) to collect tickets , and they were really struggling to keep up with the queues . so , yes , simple = faster = better . well done , fringe shop ! i am more likely to book some more shows as i know just how easy it is to collect tickets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best thing about the fringe shop is the exterior . i love the bright , animated store front , with characters fashioned out of artists easels and stuff . however , when the fringe is n't on , i am kind of at a loss as to what you would want to buy from it . i suppose as with everything in edinburgh , especially on the royal mile , it is geared entirely towards tourists and visitors , so maybe they would want a t-shirt to take home to show the family . you can get them in various forms here as well as mugs , stationary , programs and ted fringe teddies which are cute but hilariously expensive . probably of much more use when the fringe is actually on . a bit like having a world cup shop when it 's finished . bizarre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "adding to what the girls have outlined , i ca n't help but wonder why this shop is open all year round . saying that , it has its uses - it keeps visitors and locals up to speed on upcoming fringe events , and nearer the time ( i.e from june onward ) you can buy tickets for various shows to guarantee your front row seat . it sells some fringe merch , which seems a bit empty unless you are actually at the fringe that year and want something to remember it by . but i can imagine some tourists being interested in the t shirts and teddies they have on offer . like eleanor , i find the fringe shop 's year long opening a little bit pointless . but if i need to use it nearer the time of the festival , which i sometimes do , i am usually caught saying the opposite . so i 'm four starring it since it 's a great resource of information if you 're wanting to secure your place in or at the fringe early !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best barber shop in town . ask for sal . great haircut . you may even get a joke if you are lucky .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old-fashioned barbershop for men . there 's usually a wait -- put your name on the board . during the holidays , they 'll offer you a shot of whiskey to help pass the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "corallo 's is the barber shop to visit . i have been going to barbers for 48 years . almost as long as these guys have been cutting hair . i wonder what the total years of experience is ? between the 8 chairs i have to guess a combined 250 years . i love that 2 brothers run this place like everyone is their friend . and it must be a good place to work because at least 2 sons also work there . my son has been going for 13 years ... and really knows no other . complete with barber pole this is the real deal . the only down side is the prices are a little above the barbers norm . but this has not scared locals away . not at all . on a saturday you want get there early . make sure you put your mane on the chalk board if there is a line . more than 50 years in business , these guys know how to cut guys hair . and occasionally you might even find a neighbourhood lady in there too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 21 , fast and efficient . i used to pay $ 42+tip downtown . never again ! this is my new go-to shop for a no-frills haircut . a wonderful neighborhood business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here all my life . every so often i venture off to try some new place . other famous barbers ( eg . gus ' ) or fancy salons . nothing compares . the prices are solid , the men care about what they do . they are career barbers , most all of them , and you feel it from the warm cream on the back of your neck to the quality of the cut . just solid . totally solid . ca n't recommend highly enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife said they gave me a cary grant haircut . very friendly fast service . highly recommend . free street parking within a block .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been with dr kaveh for over 2yrs . today was my last visit ... it seems he is over booking patients causing waiting times averaging up to 1hr to 2hrs plus . out of my last 3 visits i have walked out unseen . i value my time.. past 4 months he continued to experiment with prescribing me blood pressure meds with none seeming to work and never giving explanation why or when giving new the possible side effects.. dr . wished me to do a sleep study i choose and stated i did n't wish to do so ... so dr kaveh acted in my opinion very childish by my denial for the sleep study he refused to prescribe me my other meds that he has prescribed over the last 2 yrs ... if i knew he was so sensitive maybe i should of said i will think about it ... thin skinned baby who did n't get to collect more money from me cause i did n't wish to do an unnecessary study ... no loyalty ... love his staff linda and diane.. blessed to know you and thank you dr. kaveh grow a set", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr sassan 's office scheduled us for an appointment that was two weeks from the day of our call . he sent us the paperwork to fill out for the initial visit and in that paperwork was one document that stated i would be charged $ 25 if i canceled the appointment with less than 24 hours notice . the day of my scheduled appointment arrived and their office calls me and says that they are canceling the appointment because they do n't except our insurance . i am pretty sure they did n't just stop accepting my insurance that day . they probably were n't as thorough as they should have been during our initial call and now i have to schedule another appointment with another doctor that will probably be two weeks out as well . for customer service these guys are n't all that great", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. kaveh and his staff have put together a really great medical practice . when you arrive , there 's no crowded waiting room and the receptionist greets you with a smile . the medical assistants are great too and very professional . i was so impressed after my vein treatments that i chose dr. kaveh to be my primary care physician . he does n't rush you like so many others , but takes time to discuss any issues in detail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. sassan kaveh and his staff are amazing ! my vein procedures are only half way through and i have tears of joy . not only are they all the most comforting and knowledgeable group i 've ever dealt with but they have the most advanced technology and modern approach to treating varicose veins . thank you a million times over for making me feel whole again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today is my third time to office . i 'm amazed at how wonderful everyone is in the office . my procedure yesterday went really well and i 'm in today for second vein . i 'll update again once i see my progress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr kaveh is amazing . i had to search for a long time to find a doctor that really listens without judgement . he is very kind and patient . his staff is very professional and friendly . they look for answers if they do n't know something and make sure i have everything i need to make appointment successful . his nurses are also good at listening and at helping me make sure i have everything i need to make the most of my appointments . everyone is very pleasant and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr sassan kaveh , , m.d . and his staff are very professional , and always have a smile on there face.. dr. kaveh is very thorough when doing a full physical he always takes his time to listen to your physical problem.. i would highly recommend dr. sassan kaveh if looking for internal medicine doctor", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't think of a better name than papeterie , as this place is wall-to-wall paper madness . they carry ( inhale ) moleskines , pierre belvedere , clairefontaine , semikolon ( ! ) , and a wide assortment of wrap , ribbon , hand-made papers , cards , and other precious items . need wax stamps for an epistolery romance ? acoutrements ? lamy pens ? general paper-related cuteness ? papeterie has got you covered . obligatory title pun : paper do n't preach i 've been losing sleep . menu readability : there 's no menu here , stupid . need to mention : there is a cast iron staircase leading to an affiliated gallery upstairs . what this place teaches me about myself : i will never not climb a cast iron staircase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really cute store to go into if you want to buy things like journals , wrapping paper , file folders that are pretty ( even legal sized ) , various pens and so on . what it is not good for , is office supplies like file folders that are sturdy and not in plastic , in various colours or sizes , or anything to decorate a home office that does n't fall into the kind of `` gift wrapping '' or `` gifts '' category .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i first visited the papeterie casse-noisette about 6 years ago when i was looking for sealing wax and a fleur-de-lis stamp when i was making my own wedding invitations . they have sealing wax in every possible color ! as well as a lovely selection of sealing wax stamps and sealing wax stamp kits . a few days ago i stepped into the shoppe again to buy more sealing wax , this time to see if they had sealing wax in baby pink . i had no idea if they had baby pink , but i should not have doubted it as , indeed , they did from the venerable french sealing wax company , j. herbin . also , while i was there , i picked up two really beautiful st-valentine 's cards for my husband and my daughter . and although i have yet to buy gift wrap from papeterie casse-noisette , they have an absolutely beautiful selection of gorgeous paper . i promised myself that i would be back soon to buy a beautiful sheet of wrapping paper to add that special touch to my next gift .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the most charming store i have ever been too . ca n't explain it , but , i 'll try . the cashiers are welcoming , the notebooks and trinkets are set up in a creative , artistic way . do n't miss this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! we were on an early morning walk to get coffee at portage crossing . we stopped to appreciate the new store front of first watch and they invited us in for breakfast ! we could n't believe it ! they were having a friends and family event and just invited us in ! i 've noticed first watch in other locations but never have been inside . the food was delightful . i had the farm stand breakfast tacos , my daughter had french toast , bacon , and a fruit cup , and my lady had lemon curd ricotta pancakes . they even had yogurt for the baby . we had coffee , water , and oj . it was a lovely breakfast and the service was friendly and attentive . they have high chairs and slings available for the little bitty ones . sarah was our server and she was outstanding . we will absolutely return soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for breakfast with my boyfriend this morning and it was also our first time here ! i was very impressed with the food , everything tasted fresh . i got the blt benedict with avocado and my eggs were poached perfectly , which is hard to get at restaurants usually . my only suggestion would be to sub out the mixed greens for breakfast potatos which i wish the server would of suggested or asked but service was good ! my boyfriend got the breakfast tacos and subbed out the beans for potatos and his was very good , the chicken had good flavor and the pico was delicious ! not to mention the potatos are well flavored and one of my favorite parts . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to try something new . this place is good on so many levels . it 's definitely got the trendy healthy options if that 's what you 're looking for . avocado toast was something i saw being served at least three or four times while i was there . did n't order it but it looked great . i had the market veggie sandwich - wow ! so much flavor . hubby tried a fresh squeezed juice . very tasty and fresh ! they do have some traditional meat and potato options as well as pancakes and waffles . the decor is light and airy - and the seating is comfortable . ( oh and i noticed the table was reclaimed wood - usa made - nice touch ) my husband remarked that everything had depth of flavor - seems like they really care about their recipes and flavor . and my two year old smashed his entire chocolate chip pancake plus his bacon ! we will definitely be back ! i wanted to try everything on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was n't impressive at all . i got the traditional breakfast and the only good thing about it was the eggs and the toast . the potatoes barely had any seasoning and the bacon was dry and overdone . the service was good but for the price of the food i expected a little more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very excited to see that there was a new breakfast place being built down the road from where i live . sadly i was let down , i 've eaten there twice now . one dining in and second was take out . the food tastes good but it may fill up a 2year old . it got even worse when i got take out to eat at home , when i got home i was very excited to eat my hash browns and when i opened the box i thought it was a joke . maybe 1oz or 1 2cup of hash browns in there . very disappointing , will not be eating there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only food in cuyahoga falls unless you cook yourself . healthy , locally grown food , great menu , attentive staff bends over backwards to please . love the common table and have met really nice foodies here . takes the stigma out of dining alone in a small town . i 've been here about six times since it opened . everything has been spectacular . do n't waste your money anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i still stand behind my review of this and the fairlawn location ... . portions are small ... my daughter brought me a eggs florentine for lunch . if i were n't so hungry , i would have taken a pic ... the eggs were barely the size of a silver dollar ! ! ! i know . i know ... .freerange , organic ... blah blah ... . for $ 12 ... this prob had a food cost of $ 1.50 maximum ... ... ... ... spinach , 2 slices of tomato , 1 3 of a half an avocado ... .hollandaise ... i wont go back ... i know what theyre pulling here ... no thank you . you all keep paying the high prices ... im done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fresh delicious and healthy with great service and easy parking in streets wife and i stopped by for breakfast on our first visit . she had the chicken quinoa power bowl with kale i had granola with yogurt both dishes were `` delish '' great coffee fast friendly service we will be back ps- we are on a house hunting trip near hudson ohio", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely my favorite breakfast brunch lunch chain in ohio . i love their seasonal menus that change and the fact that they have fresh juices healthy choices . this location is great , busy all of the time , but it 's big enough that you are n't made to wait for too long like the macedonia location . only issue i 've had here has been with winter this year the restaurant always feels too cold . i 'm always finding myself ordering coffee in order to get warm . i love their morning meditation day glow juices . i love many food options : avocado toast , garden omelet , the potato skillet dishes..the list goes on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "healthy breakfast and lunch options . i left feeling full but not gross full . if you 're looking for your typical breakfast hole in the wall diner you might not like this place . a little more expensive and there 's a good chance your eggs will come with a side of greens . if you enjoy eating healthy you 'll love the menu . very clean , good seating , and great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall nothing special . food was nothing fantastic especially for the prices . if i wanted to pay that much i could go to blue door and get better food . the whole give them your phone number and they will text you when your table is ready did n't work , and when the hostess approached me and asked me my name , she asked me in this bitchy way if i had checked my phone , well would n't you know there was no missed call or text ! the waitress forgot to give us a pitcher of water like everyone else and then acted almost surprised when we asked for water : `` oh ! you want water ? '' lastly a 35 minute waiting time turned into 50 . i doubt i 'll be back anytime soon . girlfriend said french toast was good", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my hubby and i went in for the first time and had lunch today and are loving this new option . the food and drinks were fresh and delicious ! i had the kale , fuji apple , cucumber , and lemon drink and boy was it a pleasant surprise to love it so much that i will make this a regular energy drink for me when working . the sandwich was perfectly yummy and my butternut squash would have been if there would not have been sour cream and onion in it . hubby had pumpkin spice pancake and we both fell in love with it ! ! ! ! ! this place deserves a high rating on food ! ! ! ! ! the people were friendly and the food did take longer than my lunch allows but we will just order ahead of time and be seated to eat and back to work on time in the future . you must try this place . the 2 sided menu offers a lot and it 's healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this first watch location ! staff is kind , attentive and happy to see you . food is delicious and menus are fitting for all diets and preferences . grab a coffee to go on your way out ! and if you need a suggestion on what to order ? breakfast tacos for life - trust me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so impressed with everything at this first watch , from the friendly service , to the healthy food . we ordered omelets and they were superior . whole wheat toast was served with the meal . arugula was served on the side for one meal , potatoes on the other . no salt on the potatoes was an excellent move . high ceilings and windows gave this haunt a bright and airy feel . i love the coffee too ! this is my favorite new breakfast spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and service . i enjoyed my visit and plan on returning soon . decor is very modern and has a nice rustic feel . friendly staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here at first watch . enjoyed the menu selections and had a difficult time picking something . opted for lemon ricotta pancakes with berries and lemon curd . delicious ! dining partners chocolate chip pancakes and chickychanga . both were raving about their choice . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did they spend all of the money on the new building and forget how to make breakfast ? for a `` high end '' breakfast joint this place falls very short : 1 ) omelette was offered with egg whites ( for no extra charge , awesome ! ) but came out at room temperature . 2 ) my friend had to send back his food twice , it was wrong even the second time ... not the level of service that was expected ... 3 ) potatoes were dry , also were about room temperature . honestly , i think this place focuses on cutesy decorating rather than a good breakfast . i got an average below average breakfast and paid top dollar . will not be returning anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was amazing ! i also love that they bring a pot of coffee to every table . the only complaint that i had was the service was a little slow in the beginning but the food was brought out pretty quick ! it is a very cute place and i will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here half a dozen times , ordered something different during each visit and have never been disappointed . you will find fresh ingredients in outside the box breakfast dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! expect to pay a bit more than most places , but the choices are healthy . you really ca n't go wrong . nice staff , kid friendly . only open during the day , so do n't make dinner plans to go here : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seriously one of the best places to eat breakfast . if you are a meat and potato kind of person though i would suggest a different place . this chain is more of a hipster place with only organic healthy food that is on the pricey side . i love that kind of food , so i ca n't get enough of the place . not for everyone but again , the food is amazing regardless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there on thursday . i had eggs benedict and it was delicious ! excellent service and very warm , friendly atmosphere . i really enjoyed myself and will go back again . i 've eaten at the other `` expensive '' bfast place in cf . hands down . first watch was 200 % better . this was real food , not hoity toity crap that was awful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delish breakfast for after church . helpful and and friendly staff . complementary coffee is a nice addition when waiting to be seated . would suggest getting the avocado toast -- -to die for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the traditional breakfast was served cold . i 'm fine with the `` clean '' and nutritious sales pitch , but only if the food tastes good . this did not . sawdust bread , cold unseasoned potatoes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here several times now that it 's open and have n't been disappointed yet . everything is new and clean obviously , and the staff is very friendly and in fast . the food has also been delicious every time my wife and i have come in . i would definitely recommend to my friends and family . also , the pricing is n't bad for what you get . the only con , as with everything in portage crossing is the parking situation", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is very good . i had a fritada rustica with potatoes . my only complaint is the pricing for the type of food it is , its a little high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best brunch in the peninsula area . my friends and i ate breakfast here on our way out of town after camping at heritage farms over the weekend and it was the bomb dot com . our server was incredible ! ! i had the eggs florentine and the coffee was so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved the decor of first watch . everyone was super friendly and worked together during a busy breakfast time . i ordered the blt eggs benedict and hubby ordered ricotta cheese pancakes . both were yummy . we loved the extra coffee in the carafe and extra water . no need to flag down a waitress for more . keep up the good work ! we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good . atmosphere is pleasant . service was adequate . prices are fair . nice place to meet for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . service was good food excellent . they give you a carafe of coffee similar to a thermos with a lid . coffee was good , but i 'm one who likes to drink my coffee not sip it , so keeping it super hot is n't impressive to me as i usually remove the lid so it can cool a little . i had the blueberry pancakes . i ca n't eat as much as i used to so instead of the 3 stack i only got 2 . they were great ! the only slight problem was , even as good as they were i could n't finish them . they were very large . i probably should have gotten the single pancake . i did n't mention that it was filled with some of the largest blueberries i 've ever eaten . will i be back ? most likely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm from out of town and came to this place for breakfast ... .absolutely delicious ! ! ! i 'm a waffle fanatic , and they are now my favorite waffle spot ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after walking around the art fest yesterday , i was needing food ... .and we found pure . i never been to the original location but i loved the set up of this location . the service was very attentive , though sometimes i thought it was too attentive . ( our server was obviously new and in ways it was somewhat cute . ) the manager came by with food suggestions ... my friend and i realized that we are opposite in tastes ... so sharing was going to be out of the question . she settled on a tuna roll and edamame , which she seemed to enjoy . i got the tempura bento box lunch ... which was extremely interesting and yummy . ( the only negative was that it was a bit greasy ) i wished i did take some of the managers suggestions . i will be here again , that is for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "closed ! ! they owed so many hard working people so much money . i 'm thrilled that they got what was coming to them . best wishes to the staff that they walked out on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so happy to see another sushi place in old town that isnt anything like ra . i went on a weeknight and being with my date , i think i could have gone to arby 's and had the time of my life , so perhaps my review is a bit biased ... but , i really enjoyed my time at pure . the atmosphere and location are perfect for me , living 2 miles away , and the service was timely and friendly . creative , fun rolls and very fresh fish . trendy , yes ... but again , we went on a weeknight and it wasnt busy at all ... do the same if youre looking for something a little less high maintenence , i tend to think it gets pretty scottsdale on the weekends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is just a little too hip for me . i do n't have collagen or breast implants . i do n't carry gucci or ysl . pure is a place that , because of its decor and clientele , makes sushi seem too hip for the common person . i have no qualms with the food itself , which is good quality sushi . the specialty rolls are pricier but worth it ( worth their weight in ... gucci ? ) . but the environment is a place to see and be seen by other scottsdale socialites . now if that 's your thing , pure is the place for you . but i 'll be going to the sushi bar within aj 's fine foods next time i need a sushi fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was not overly impressed with this restaurant . i have read previous reviews and am surprised at the level of service expressed in them because i definitely did not feel like the service was exceptional ... average , but not exceptional . i thought we had what seemed to be a little of everything ... only the crispy tempura roll stands out as being really good ! all the rest was good but ... i have to give it the benefit of the doubt ; this was my first sushi visit in scottsdale . maybe i will need to revisit this once i 've visited others .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ignore all the people and enjoy the sushi ! i 'm back in la and i wish we had sushi as fresh here as they do at pure . i miss you pure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent sushi . fresh and delicious . the atmosphere is nice too . i 've been here a couple times and have ordered several different things . my favorites have been the potato spicy tuna roll , veggie tempura , creamy baked lobster roll and the chocolate lava cake with asian green tea ice cream . when they are really busy , they tend to forget about you , but if they 're not busy , they are usually on top of things ( refilling drinks , taking plates away , wiping off the table , etc , etc ) . this place is pretty expensive , but i heard they have happy hour now from 3-6:30pm everyday . ca n't wait to go back for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "put off writing this because i have no tack to take - it looked exciting and hip , but it bored me . pure distinctly paled after the more down to earth places to which my tempe resident sister later took us . i guess there was more mint than alcohol in my $ 12 mojito , because i could n't enjoy the pretty-but-over-priced salads and sushi rolls . good thing i had the 25 % off coupon from the tourist brochures ( bad sign that i should have heeded despite the good reviews ) , or else hostage gastronome would probably never let me pick a restaurant again . good food - at least the price and surroundings did n't have me questioning my choice of sushi in the desert !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to agree with the recent reviews on this place . i 've only been there once and probably wo n't go back . the service was mediocre at best . the happy hour offerings were ok . the best thing we had was the coconut shrimp . there are much better places to get sushi in the valley .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how refreshing to read a specialty sushi roll menu and see something different ! ! yum ... by far the best sushi and most unique menu i 've seen in a while , and so mush less pretentious and more affordable then all the other old town sushi restuarants . from first glance , you would n't think so but after having a great conversation with my waitress and reading the total line on my tab ... i was hooked ! oh , and the best tempura ever ( i 'm not even a tempura fan ! ! ) and the curried lobster spring rolls were so tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is a bit disorganized , but the sushi is quite good . i really like the layout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't let the all white outside or the fact that its in the heart of scottsdale scare you away . its not as trendy as it looks . in fact , i was surprised by all the tvs and vibe inside - but not in a bad way - its more laid back than you 'd think . the food is really good . a tad more expensive than other sushi restaurants in town , but you 're paying for the location and the vibe . would be a great place for a large group or special occassion . have long tables and a side area to accomodate big groups and a bar in the back if there 's a wait for table ( i 've never seen a wait ) . its a rather large restaurant . great location to walk for cocktails at az88 or the mondrian following dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was friendly but disjointed . the food was beautifully presented . but the fish tasted , well , fishy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great company for transportation and insurance needs . they have made a couple airport pick ups for some of my friends and business associates . their vehicles were clean and the driver was professional . i would recommend them for insurance and transportation . i look forward to doing more business with lux in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ari is not only a hard working but genuine person to do business with . he will do whatever it takes to take care of you even if you do or do not to decide lux umbrella group is for you . but i highly recommend you do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would definitely recommend this company . ari is nothing but professional with a great personality . i would n't work with anybody else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm all the way out in california , but i 've met ari and i 'm impressed by his work , and his company . he has great referrals to resources that can help you immediately . his group also supplies you many great services , and they 're top quality because of his dedication to create an experience for his customers ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i was overwhelmed by how much i was paying for my car insurance when i decided to reach out to the lux umbrella group for a quote after seeing a few posts on social media . i was completely taken back by how responsive and the level of professionalism i was treated with . within just a few hours they were able to find me the same coverage at a significantly better price point . i would most definitely recommend lux umbrella group to everyone looking to save money on their insurance . they 've found a lifetime customer in me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had both my home and auto insurance quoted . as a person with essentially no claims against either policy , i was skeptical that i could save on my policy by making a switch . actually , i saved hundreds , and the process was made extremely easy for me as a consumer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wade lagoon is absolutely beautiful in the spring time ! the flowers all blossom , providing a great place for photo shoots and romantic picnics : ) the only downside about wade lagoon is that it may be unsafe at night or if you come here alone . because this lagoon is inverted and not really visible on the main roads , some unfortunate incidents have occurred here in the past . there are two emergency booths with phones connected to ucpd if you do ever feel unsafe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite spot in cleveland to sit and reflect on life , think , and just enjoy an afternoon of passing clouds . you can often find weddings here on the weekends taking pictures , or people getting engagement pictures , or kids throwing things at birds . kids , do n't throw things at birds . but it really is a beautiful place- especially in the summer and fall . i guess the spring is pretty good , too . basically , go here in every season but winter , because winter in clevo sucks . in the early fall ( like , september , which technically is n't fall- shut up ) they have the sidewalk chalk festival . it 's a mixture of artists , kids , and anyone who wants to pay to get some chalk and make their mark with color . i 'm all for it . i think this place is similar to the palace of fine arts in san fran . just a really great place to relax . the backdrop of the museum is peaceful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely one of the most serene and gorgeous places in cleveland . whatever your reason for coming , wade park lagoon will not disappoint . with clear water , lush greenery , and an impressive collection of statues , this area is hard to beat . the only , and i mean only , negativity i have associated with the lagoon is that one of my boneheaded exes definitely took me here to `` talk about our relationship '' ( mhmmm ) so i do n't have the best memory associated with that . note to everyone : do n't break up with anyone here . in such a beautiful place ? ! cruel . otherwise , if you have n't already , go . you will be so happy that you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is gorgeous . i 'm always a bit surprised i do n't see more people enjoying the area , but a part of me is glad so i can have a little piece of heaven ( mostly ) to myself . there 's a nice paved walkway around the water . lots of benches in the area if you just want to sit and take in the beautiful surroundings . street parking is available on both upper and lower sides of it . so pretty and definitely worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've enjoyed the beauty of the cherry blossoms bursting to life in the spring . it makes for fantastic photos . check out one of my favorites : http : fineartamerica.com featured cherry-blossoms-mark-madere.html", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a lovely area to walk around ! so much green in the spring and summer right by some water . it 's really nice to come walk , sit , reflect here . i came here the other day and a whole bunch of geese were hanging out near and on the water . it was cool to watch them . it 's kind of a peaceful little area in the middle of the hustle and bustle of life , which i think is definitely needed . if i lived here i 'd come here to walk and get lost in my thoughts . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the world would have a much better opinion of cleveland if they could see wade park . this is one of my favorite places anywhere , there is a reason why it is hard to drive by without seeing couples taking wedding photos out here . the lagoon is beautiful all year , but is a must see in spring . great location and great photo spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful both during the winter and the normal year . the lagoon is so peaceful and the trees are gorgeous . backed by the architecturally beautiful cleveland museum of art , this place is a perfect place for an outing . i love to relax here or have small picnics with friends and then going to the museums around afterwards . it 's in the middle of a lot of great places to go ( the cleveland museum of art , the natural history museum , and so much more , etc . ) anytime you 're stressing or just need some good downtime , this is the place to go . a suggestion is to put up stringed lights in the trees to light up at night because it would look so much more beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anyone who thinks of cleveland as a bland , dirty city has clearly never seen university circle on a warm spring day . wade lagoon is absolutely beautiful ( 365 days a year , but especially in spring with the trees in bloom ) , and i 'd recommend coming here to have a picnic lunch while watching the geese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wade park is really beautiful during the summer months and they do some fun events with the art museum , such as the chalk-a-thon . it 's very beautiful and good for a nice walk in the afternoon or evening . there are tons of fish in the lagoon , so kids will be excited to see them . the only downside is that it 's not that safe when it turns dark . so go during the day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wade park lagoon is beautiful . it is the prettiest in the spring , when the trees are in bloom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i had the opportunity to rate this place 5 stars but after almost four weeks of calling to find out if my insurance was taken i finally took it upon myself to call my provider and was told they did n't now , that would n't necessarily have stopped me from paying the office visit and going anyways based on the reviews but the customer service and promise of return phone calls has been a turn off . add to that the day they call me thinking i was the provider . their office staff needs to get it together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love , love , love , love maxhealth ! sitting at a desk all day , erryday has done some pretty awful things to my neck and shoulders . all these reviews are spot on about the level of treatment and care that the entire team at maxhealth provides . i 've had almost all of the massage therapists at least once and they 're all amazing , very informed , and super friendly and professional ! the same goes for the doctors and the front desk staff . amazing . all of them . after just a few visits , it feels like you 've been going there for years - and most importantly , after a few visits , i was pain free for the first time in literally months . sadly , i recently moved to another state and i 've been miserable ever since . when people ask me what i liked most about living in vegas , i honestly tell them about maxhealth first . i 'm that girl . thank you for everything , maxhealth team ! i miss you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting adjustments my whole life with different chiropractors dr. adam is legit really does a nice job and is very attentive to your needs def give these guys a shot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying this is not your typical chiropractors office . all patients receive a 40 min massage prior to their adjustment . the massage techs - ( i believe there are 9 of them ) concentrate on the area of concern . i 've seen 4 different techs and they all do a good job - a few talk a bit too much while you are trying to relax . the front desk is ran by michelle and she is amazing , well organized and has the ability to remember everyone 's name . the adjustments are given in a fish bowl type setting where everyone can see you including the waiting room ( this takes getting use to ) . the two dr 's are very friendly . it does seem they give everyone the same of adjustment - not a lot of variation . if you are looking for a great chiropractic office - look here and enjoy that massage prior to your adjustment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been to a chiropractors before , but i went in to have my shoulders and neck looked at since lately i 've been feeling sore from sitting at a desk looking over a lot and possibly the way i sleep . max health 's eastern office was very clean and you can tell it 's family-friendly . i started out with a massage in the beginning by erica , who 's a super sweet girl and i appreciated all her knowledge and taking the time to explain to me the different procedures they do there . after the massage i had my back and neck cracked and they gave me some advice on things i can do at home to alleviate the soreness in my neck and shoulders . i definitely recommend this facility to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in early august out of the blue i started experience lots of pain in my neck and back , spasms in my back , and numbing in my fingers on my left side . went to a different chiropractor for a few weeks but did n't help much at all . after not improving i made the decision to get an mri . turned out i had 2 bulging discs in my neck causing sever spinal stenosis . my doctor said i would need surgery . i disagreed . after doing much research online for non-surgical solutions i found that spinal decompression therapy could be the answer . upon calling several chiropractic offices i found spinal decompression to be very expensive and out of my budget . i was fortunate enough to find maxhealth on the internet and gave them a call . they were so helpful , friendly and offer this therapy at a very reasonable and affordable price . i am now done with 18 out of 20 sessions and my symptoms are well over 90 % gone ! most importantly i have my life back ! ! thank you max health ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great and caring place ! i go once a week , and definitely look forward to it each time . dr. steve is very kind patient attentive and does fabulous work . the office is clean , professional , efficient and best of all laid back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i am amazed it has no reviews yet because i know about 50 people who go here and all think the same thing . love dr. steve and the whole crew . for a truly amazing chiropractic experience , go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was referred here by my primary physician . staff are very friendly and they were very prompted . appointment was at 4pm , arrived 3:40pm to fill out paper and was called in right before 4pm . a massage therapist asks questions about the pain you are experiencing , then she discusses with the md about the issues . she comes back and reports it back to me and then begins with a massage ! after a 45 mins massage they took xrays , and then the md will consult and give you your adjustment . they were all great ! i had a great experience ! great job staff ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to maxhealth for the past month and i 'm so glad i did since everyone there is great ! also , i should mention that i 've been to several other chiropractors in the past that did n't really help with my neck and lower back issues ; however , eduardo at maxhealth has been helping me a lot in getting much better ! also , i really like how they take x-rays of your body and determine what the main issues are in order to come up with a plan on fixing the problem to get better soon ! overall , i 've had a really pleasant experience and i highly recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "megan gave a really great massage . my back and neck were feeling incredibly tight and she relieved much of the pain . i did n't realize that i had so many knots in my back ! i plan on coming back monthly . after the massage dr. adam adjusted me , not to rough , just right . very relaxing and not intimidating open space . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! ! 50 minute massage and an adjustment ... i 'm in heaven . a must go for ironworkers especially . 24 sessions per calender year and no copay ! ! i will be returning as much as possible", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my back is whack ! ! ok , i wish i could see the doctors and the massage therapists at max health every single day , but i know that when the headaches start creeping up and it is time to get in for an adjustment there is nowhere i would rather go . i really appreciate the way they treat patients with a massage first , before the adjustment . it makes sense and in my opinion it makes a huge difference . the massage therapists are all amazing and they always go right to my `` problem zone '' and make sure my muscles are behaving before the doctor tries to adjust . it makes my adjustment that much better and hold longer . they really really believe in helping their clients feel better and stay healthy . i highly , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maxhealth is a highlight on my busy schedule ! the staff truly cares about your well being , physically and mentally . just like your car needs a tune up and preventative care so does your body ; max health really understands that . thank you maxhealth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly stuff . all of them ! i 've had different massage therapists and they 're all great . i personally recommend megan and bree ! very clean office . 1 less star cause office temperature it 's way too cold for me . i usually ask for extra blanket : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great massage followed by an adjustment ... . all in one place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "max health is great ! i always leave feeling awesome . if i am getting ready to run a marathon or just unwinding after a tough work week , max health always gets me in top condition . there are always available times so it works no mater how busy i am .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maxhealth is awesome ! the staff is very friendly and you get a 50 min . message before the doctor does the old snap , crackle , pop . they have different masseuses that use a variety of techniques , you just have to find your favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best chiropractic spot in las vegas . the staff makes me feel like family and always remembers my name . i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff , always a great experience . i go once a week . i 'm so glad my insurance covered 15 visits a year . i always go see dillon , he gets the job done ! the chiropractors kelly and adam are amazing as well . always take the time to adjust my back and neck properly and take their time even when they are completely busy . the kt tape has saved my life . i always try to get my back taped up so when i work i keep my posture straight . wo n't go anywhere else ! thank you guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! ! i would recommend anyone and everyone to go . they have helped so much with my neck pain and migraines ! worth every penny ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been a while since my last visit . the excellent services and friendliness of the staffs had not changed a bit ! great job guys . keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this office ! everyone who works here is awesome . the doctor 's are miracle workers ! ! i tell everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never heard of ashiatsu before i came here . it sounded intriguing to be massaged by feet . i was pleasantly surprised . i am a few months late in writing this review but that massage still impacts me to this day . every massage i have and will receive will be held agains the one i received here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being that i live completely on the other side of town , i have only been here for a local home brewers meeting held the second friday of every month called snafu . now the owner treats the club nice and runs specials for us on their beers , but i have to say , i have tasted some of the finest $ 5 pints i have ever had at this bar . nobody in town has more unique beers , let alone to be sold at that price . this review is based on the beer , but the food always looks and smells delicious , although i usually eat before the meeting so i have not tried it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have wanted to try this place for awhile and finally had the opportunity . the beer selection offerings were amazing ( for vegas ) and i was excited to try a lot of beers i had never had before . however , i quickly learned that this place may have a wide variety on the chalkboard but most of them are sold out . the selection seems to be heavy handed on ipas . despite the fact that four of the six beers i ordered in my flight ( from the menu that was printed that day ) were unavailable i would like to go here again . vegas needs more places like this . if the beers they advertised were in stock i would give them five stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time i go to aces & ales the staff is super friendly and the food is delicious ! they have the best mac & cheese , grilled cheese , and sandwiches . let 's not mention the variety of craft beers they have . this place might not look like much on the outside , but inside you will be happily surprised !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the first place we hit for our most recent vegas trip . one of the guys we were with had been here before so we came on his recommendation . the drink selection was great . i like beer , but not how i like whisky so i was pleasantly surprised to see a robust scotch collection as well including the yamazaki 12 and 18 year ( no lagavulin though ... ) as well as ardbeg , laphroaig , oban , etc . everyone was happy with their drinks and the food was great as well . i had a steak wrap on the waitress ' recommendation along with their onion rings . my friend had some buffalo mac and cheese and i 'm thinking of going back just to try that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i frequent vegas 3 times a year on average and have never had a great beer until i came here . generally crap beer flows freely around vegas but this place steps up the game . unbelievable beer selection , by far the best i have seen in vegas . great taps and rare bottle selection . live music and pool too . what else is there ? do yourself a favor and go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i come here so much we have at least 24 of their beer festival glasses . well ventilated , clean , and i love the staff . the beer festivals are to die for -- -so many selections and variety . i even came to the stone beer festival and greg koch himself was there . if you love microbrew beer , or any beer , this bar is for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a good place to get a cider . i did n't find the place ! this is a typical dive bar you can smell the cigarette smoke a mile away . as soon as we got there we got good service the bartenders were very nice and served us really well . i ordered the tomato basil soup , yes in a bar i know , and parmesan fries . the food was n't the best , the soup was a bit too thick for my liking and the fries were a bit too greasy . the cider itself was pretty good it was the only one they had raspberry woodchuck i believe . i did n't hate the place but i wo n't be a regular on this one . the price was not bad at all but i 'd rather pay extra and go to a nicer place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly , the real negative is all of the smoking . that comes from customers , not employees . the last thing i want to have in my face is smoke while i 'm eating . we 've given this place a second chance but could n't avoid the avid smokers . the service is friendly and the food is tasty for top notch pub fare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to aces & ales several times . each time i get the bacon & bleu cheese fries . they are a mound of deliciousness with plenty to share . the wurst plate was so good . i love the beer shooters . the food is so fresh and artfully plated , with snazzy dinnerware . this is a surprizing place on the east side that too often goes unnoticed , plus you can play pool and shuffleboard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! absolute beervana ! a must stop when in vegas , great food and service too ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific lunch menu with awesome burgers ! for $ 8 you ca n't get a better burger , fries and a drink any where else . service is always friendly and it 's a great place to go with co workers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was doing business on the east side of town and need a place to grab a quick bite . i stumbled across the nellis aces and since i was familiar with the tenaya location i knew that i 'd get quality food . i ordered the breakfast burrito . it was good . i like my home aces better but if i lived in the area i 'd be here all of the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my very favorite vegas spots ! the new beer lists always brings you in to try something new ! a little pricey but if you ask the bartenders about special days and times then good chance you could be walking out with a growler of your fave brew for 50 % off ! and the food is phenomenal . i 'm a total food snob . i like big bold flavors and interesting combinations . aces has it . yum ! love it here . they know i 'll always come around xo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great selection of beer . the food was much better than i expected . i was expecting the typical pub grub . we had a table of 4 and we went around 3 pm on a weekday so it was n't that busy . we ordered some food to split . the green apple , bacon and cheddar grilled cheese and the mac and cheese were my favorite items . our waitress was friendly . i 've tried many of the ipas around the west coast and i wanted to try something new . she gave me some suggestions that were great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service the food was great we had the jalape\u00f1o popper grilled cheese and the metallica pizza . they have a huge selection of craft beers being from san diego and wanting some stone brew this spot had stone beers you ca n't even find in dago . over all great place away from the hustle and bustle of the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am typically not a fan of the chipotle fired pie style point and select type of food ordering ; but , pita bistro does it right ! all of their options are high quality well prepared middle eastern offerings . in fact , their tabouli is some of the best around ! the humus is equally impressive ( i have only tried the standard version , but they have several varieties available ) . i have never had a bad meal here because the quality is a constant ! if you like middle eastern food like i do , you should really give these guys a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so good . great food for a good value . we were skeptical because this location has had several restaurants in it over the past year . but this blew us away . i had the hummus bowl and customized it , but i ca n't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu . get the pb dip , it is heavenly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like options and you like gyros , schwarma , falafel , or all of the above , this is the place to go . it 's like chipotle because you get to choose what you want going down the line but it 's way healthier ! this is a sweet place ! friendly staff - they gave us free falafel balls , and two bags of pita chips with hummus . the jalape\u00f1o cilantro hummus is really good . only thing i would change is the pita bread could be a bit softer and the pita chips less salty , but it 's a swell place . go here ! also , smoothies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food ! amazing service ! wow . i have n't tried a new restaurant in a long time where i was 100 % satisfied until today . bravo ! i 'll be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to tag along with the bf in az while he was doing his monthly national guard drill . pita bistro was within walking distance from my hotel , right between a sprint store and chipotle . when you walk in it has a very similar set up to a chipotle style of ordering . i loved all the low carb options they had and also lots of vegetarian friendly choices . great for any of those trying to be healthy without skimping on flavor . i decided on the create your own bowl option with jalape\u00f1o cilantro hummus , mediterranean chop salad , cucumbers , olives , pb dip and chicken kebab . i loved everything about the bowl expect for the chicken . the seasoning on the chicken was tasty , but the texture was very dry . i think if i came back i 'd opt for a different choice meat choice . overall i thought this place was great though . the options were bountiful and fresh , service was quick and friendly and the pricing was reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is freaking awesome ! ! what a great find . i used uber eats to order a falafel wrap and a mediterranean chopped salad with tofu . falafel wrap delicious ! the falafel were n't greasy or overly salty and had the perfect amount of seasoning . i chose to get it with lentils and sriacha hummus , both which complimented this very well . the pita was also really really good . blows pita jungle outta the water ! mediterranean chopped salad so fresh and so flavorful ! it does n't even need dressing ! i had mine with tofu thinking it would just be boring tofu seasoned with salt & pepper . nope ! it 's seasoned to perfection and has a wonderful flavor . definitely give this place a try ! i have an order being prepared as i 'm writing this and ca n't wait to get it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just saw this place opened . i thought i would give it a shot . food is average but that only saying i 've tried the chicken wrap . as soon as i went to eat it all the wax paper they use was stuck to the pita and would n't come off . wrap immediately fell apart and was like eating an open stir fry . chicken was very good which makes me give them a 4 . you can definitely tell the staff is still training as the guy that made my wrap had some difficulties . going to come back one more time to try something else and will update my rating after that visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super super tasty . went there and juan helped with my order . he was very nice and decent . the food looked great and tasted even better . i got a gyros salad and my free hummus as well . the place was very clean and has a cool interior design.i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "originally , i was going to chipotle , but saw this place and thought i 'd try it . great fresh food and a friendly staff . i will definately come again . i got the chicken schewarma wrap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is good . i have been waiting for it to open . great gyros , you can build your own . different types of hummus as well as wheat pitas . the only thing missing is stuffed grape leaves - that would make it perfect . even my 5 year old liked it and she is very picky .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the paper they use for the wraps gets stuck to the pita bread and you have to try to peel it off and then the wrap falls apart and it 's really hard to eat . get better paper . i like the food and the hummus is delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great mediterranean food ! the tabbouleh is legit . decently priced and friendly staff . i will be back to try their fresh fruit smoothies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i needed a quick meal , and the line was too long at chipotle so we decided to give this place a try as there was no line . maybe that should have been the first indicator . there was a staff of just 2 so , just ordering took time . i recognized the pita from baiz used for my falafel wrap , however where baiz charges $ 4 pita bistro charges over $ 7 . the falfel it self was unique , large racquetball sized balls in a much lighter color and bland flavor than most falafel , they also did not have any tahini or spicy s'cug like most would expect with falafel . aprently i was not the only one who is not a huge fan , as two employees returned from chipotle next door .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved my experience here . i ordered the fattoush salad and the falafal bowl so i could try both . i appreciated the layout here because you can customize your food as much as you want . after i stopped eating meat , i realized how difficult it is to find good meals that you do n't cook yourself . well , now i 've found my mediterranean fix ! not only was the hommus amazing ( they had 4 different flavors ) , but they also have fried pita chips ! i thought every aspect was on point , from entering the restaurant ( super nice decor and clean ) to presentation and taste . they also serve fresh juices which i also love because they are a magnitude more healthy and nutritious than store bought juices and of course , sodas . please do n't change , pita bistro ! i 'll be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm `` the duke '' of the original location haha , so definitely a fan . the hummus seems to be made differently at this location . it 's good , but thinner , and flavored differently . more tahini i think", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they recently catered a wedding that i helped coordinate . the food was delicious and plentiful . it was delivered on time and set up beautifully . the guests loved every bite ! ca n't wait to work with them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good value for what you pay for . it 's not top of the line mediterranean ... meaning it 's not authentic . definitely americanized but it 's super good . best fast food-type mediterranean . i like it a lot more than garbanzos . the cilantro jalape\u00f1o hummus was flavorful and so was the chicken kebab . i love that they have fresh juices as well ( and affordable compared to nektar or whole foods ) . we had the beach bum which was kind of weird because of the cucumber but really good . staff is super friendly and nice . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of choices for fresh food very tasty ! you choose your kind of hummus from hot & spicy to plain . then you choose all kinds of rice , veggies , and salads to put on top of it . add feta cheese , olives , and toppings of olive oil , taziki . and then you choose your protein chickenm , steak , kabobs , or gyro . they also have falafels . staff was very friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just found this place and do n't have a shortage of mediterranean food places around us but this will be by far our favorite . everything was so so tasty . we had chicken schwarma , a gyro , falafel , hummus , tabouli and all of it was wonderful ! we will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mediterranean version of chipotle . amazing food . huge salad and hummus taste great ! 10 10 recommend . the best service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edit : looks like they took my feedback seriously and the last time i went in service was very fast and professional . the worker also made my create your own bowl very well . i 've had times where the worker does n't put enough food in the bowl but this worker was great ! 5 stars ! old review ... decent food , however they are understaffed a lot . came in toward the end of the lunch rush on a sunday and there was only one worker . there were 3 people in front of me and it took 20 minutes to get my food . there was also a lady worker but she seemed to not do anything and was walking around even though there was a big line behind me . they need a lesson in customer service and urgency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is so fantastic and the customer service is phenomenal . the staff was even kind enough to let us try all of the hummus ' for free while we waited on our food . if you love falafel too , theirs is the best i 've had in years . having dietary needs can be extremely difficult as well , but every question i had was answered fully and the kitchen is open to view . i am vegan and deathly allergic to fish , but have never come across any issues eating here and all vegan items are clearly marked on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! everything on the menu is amazing and very fresh , awesome atmosphere as well . it 's basically like a greek version of chipotle , i wish there was a location in gilbert ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place on yelp while traveling from tucson to phoenix . it was a line concept for mediterranean style food , and it worked smoothly . i liked both the regular and jalapeno hummus . i ordered a chicken kebab bowl , and i built it on rice with almost everything they offered ... beets , kalamata olives , tabouli , pickles , cucumbers , tomatoes and taziki sauce . the team was pleasant , and i would go back in if in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! they will let you sample anything as well . i loved that ! clean fresh tasting food that taste great . prices are very reasonable for the amount you get . my picky kids loved it too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . best falafel i have ever had . food is delicious and fresh . customer service is wonderful . i ca n't wait to go back . this is also a vegan friendly place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great meal here . i 've had the chicken shawarma and a couple different hummus choices . great food so far . last time i had gyro and it was great too . the only disappointment is the jalape\u00f1o cilantro hummus was not flavorful enough for me . they even have fresh juices if you 're in the mood to be super healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy mediterranean food ! the price is pretty good and the quantity is huge ! i got a hummus bowl and it lasted 2 full meals !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food and ambience is really good here . this was my first stop to eat here in arizona and it was a wise choice and only a 3 minute walk from my hotel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall a good experience . falafel was delish and i like that they had some good vegetarian options . i had a few little snafus with my order but the staff were apologetic and super attentive to help correct the problem . inside its clean and cute - i 'll come back next time i 'm around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm here at least twice a week . think of a chipotle style mediterranean place ... but a lot more fresh and actually has taste . the manager and staff are friendly and are on top of everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the hummus bowl and it looked absolutely amazing . i had a little mixup on my order ( completely my fault ) and the owner nas took such good care of me . its really rare that you find a business that takes such great care and pride in customer satisfaction . i will definitely return . great food and great service at this place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i had noticed this place sooner . i had the intention to go to one of the restaurants next door and now i 'm so glad i did n't . the guy that helped me was really nice and explained what every thing was and made some great suggestions . i got the greek salad with the chicken shawarma on top and it 's so good ! it 's a lot of food for the price and so worth it , plus staff was great . i 'll definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to pita bistro for dropping off a lunchtime platter to architectural impressions ! it was delicious ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the absolute best pita bowl i have ever had . the flavors were amazing and the whipped garlic sauce was da bomb ! i am traveling from out of town but i will definitely be back next time i come", "score": "5"}
{"review": "falafel was dry and greasy tasting . asked for tabouleh on my bowl and the girl put about 6 scoops so that 's all i ate because she also hardly put any hummus in the bowl . the cucumber salsa made my whole bowl into a puddle because the girl did n't drain it , just plopped it right on . it was $ 10 for a bowl i could n't eat and the staff were really rude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh . liked the gyro meat ( although i ordered chicken shawarma ) and the falafel . it would be great to substitute the pb sauce with tsaziki to give the wrap more flavor ... pretty bland for my tastes . the hummus was bland but fresh and creamy . the manager was very nice and the line crew were polite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got the falafel bowl here and its delicious ! it really fill you up . pro tip : get the tzatziki in the bowl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely give this place a try if you like shawarma , hummus , tabouli , and other middle-eastern mediterranean fare ... i had a make-your-own hummus bowl w red pepper hummus , brown rice , lentils ( ! ) , a mediterranean chopped salad ( cucumbers , onions , tomatoes ) , beets , kalamata olives , chickpeas , chicken shawarma ( ! ) , and this incredible pb dip ( ! ) , which consists of lemon , olive oil , and garlic - mixing it in to the bowl made my tastebuds very happy ! this was some of the best tasting food of this type , or any type , for that matter , that i 've tasted in a long time . i 'm looking forward to my next meal here already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tldr pita bistro catering is great pita bistro rules in general , but i also wanted to add that their catering performed absolutely perfectly at our wedding . the contact at pb was very responsive and helpful , the food arrived on-time with excellent quality , and we received nothing but compliments from our guests .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was okay but the staff was not customer friendly or helpful . had to repeatedly ask for items clearly listed on the menu included in meals . also , zero options for kids . i do n't think a single worker flashed a smile either ... strange vibe in this joint - it 's a meh for food and thumbs down for customer experience so not going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their food is pretty good - similar to a chipotle in style . the food however is overpriced and the store is understaffed . cool in concept and not in reality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have some good deals . the food was amazing too . i 'll be coming back . it would nice to know the calories on each meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! helpful staff and great mediterranean food with a build your own bowl twist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant was empty except for one guest . all the tables and floors were filthy . with three employees that were visible from the counter you 'd think one could sweep or wipe a table or two . the food was tasty but employees unsure of the ingredients . the hummus and pita dip seemed likely added with fat -- perhaps heavy vegetable oil . my husband and i both had stomach aches shortly after our meal . we asked for nutritional breakdown which they do not have . we wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure why this little joint does n't get busier . the gentlemen behind the line tonight was extremely friendly and helped me pick what toppings i wanted on my pita wrap by letting me try samples . highly suggest this place for a quick bite to eat : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here before and it was glorious ! ! ! ! got the same thing to go and it was no where near what it was the first time ! ! ! ugggh ! ! ! it sucks because i live in n scottsdale and it takes me a minute to get there ! ! ! meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pita bistro is a good place to build your own mediterranean bowl . i love that i can choose all my own topping including the protien ... which my favorite is the chicken shaworma . the smoothies are good as well . this visit was a little sad because the gyro was way too dry and had to replace it with chicken kabob .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went today for lunch with a friend expecting good gyro . what i got was pre cut cold gyro from a stuffed full box of meat . the tsasiski sauce was watery bland and flavorless . the chicken schwarma was also bland . i will not be returning . you get one chance and you blew it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 'm so glad i saw the sign on the road a few weeks after they opened as i `` quit '' chipotle and had n't been in this parking lot for a while ... .i 'm glad i tried it out as i tell everyone about this place ! food is always delish and employees are always super nice ! i love stopping in here as its healthy and great flavors ! best spot around the area as quality of food by far superior .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been a few times but will be coming back a lot ! great menu variety and food is well priced for how much you get . it 's kinda slow being new which is awesome because chipotle next door takes forever and rips you off for more meat or guac . theres a good rewards program too . pita bistro is my new pit stop meal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , great food , friendly service , what else can you ask for ? this is my to go place for mediterranean food , the gyro wrap is awesome , the hummus is fantastic , i recommend the cilantro jalape\u00f1o and the siracha . also , try the greek fries , great deal and you get a huge serving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw a coupon for this place in the local paper so i decided to check it out . on arrival i noticed how small the place is . but do n't let the sterile atmosphere dissuade you . the menu is easy to follow and the folks behind the counter are happy to help you work through your first experience . i had the falafel wrap and it was delicious . my wife had the gyro wrap which was equally tasty . fresh ingredients and great service make this a go to for lunch or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this place and we were pleasantly surprised at the high quality and freshness of the ingredients . fast sit down similar to chipotle but much more variety and options- what a great concept . superior customer service from the employees and will definitely be back , very reasonably priced as well . great job pita bistro !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big disappointment . food is bland . side of hummus was $ 4.45 for greasy , fried , tasteless pita chips and dip that tasted like wallpaper paste . the gyro was ok , bland , but a big portion . the kale kense was reasonably good , but the guy who made it was not wearing gloves .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places to come for falafel and greek fries ( mmmmmmm ) , it is always empty when i come here which makes me wonder what could possibly be wrong with it ? i have always had a great experience ! the food is moderately priced and they offer many options , it is like a chipotle for mediterranean food which is funny considering chipotle is right next door . keep up the tasty work guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second time at this place , and i was certainly impressed with the choices that were offered . i got the chicken kabob bowl , which i customized based on my preferences . the cashier was even kind enough to offer me free hummus and chips based on a previous text message offer that had expired at the time . the portions are generous , and the food tastes good . certainly a great value for the price you pay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the food , i am vegan , tried veggie combo bowl , added extra veggies liked it..filling too..wil go again..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "think chipotle style for healthy fresh mediterranean cuisine my husband and i both enjoyed our bowls and so did my children accommodating for kids since no kid menu all fresh ingredients place super clean", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favorite new spot . it 's like a mediterranean chipotle . they are always so nice and friendly , the food is delicious and they have a great rewards program . you can get bowls , wraps or salads . everything comes with your choice of lentils or beans and then the usual add ins , cucumber salad , lettuce , hummus and a protein . you must try their garlic spread ... it is amazing ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 star solely due to the service . walked in around 4 pm on a thursday and it was completely empty . there was only one worker and she was sitting at a table on her phone ( that 's fine ! ) but as me and my boyfriend went to look at the menu she got up and starting cussing yelling on the phone . immediately walked out as i did not want to deal with an angry person . note she clearly saw us walk in and knew we were in there . update : tried pita bistro again and it was a great experience ! the employees were very welcoming and the food was great ! definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time coming here and i am extremely disappointed . i wanted to order a gyro and apparently they did n't have any pita bread ? ? pita bistro did n't have pita bread ? ! wth ? so i decided on a bowl well they were out of all rice choices ? ! seriously ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was just okay . not a lot of flavor , have had better chicken schawarma pitas elsewhere . disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one word , incredible ! not just the food but the staff working there too ! this place is fresh , healthy , clean and fast . vegans options on point and the employee was really cool about the request to change his gloves . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great food , great vibe . yup the dovecot , operated by the stag team , is a home run . not unsurprisingly can get rammed during the festival but you can always get your stuff to go . so get in there and enjoy the lovely chilled airy space when us locals can have it all to ourselves . plus keep an eye out for any of the stag popups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my piccolo had its own wee cozy . the fact that i am completely won over by the cute accessories my coffee is sporting may say a lot about me as a person ... but dovecot is definitely a case of both style and substance . attached to an gallery which appears to specialize in textiles , the space is bright , airy and open . i enjoyed watching the barista make my piccolo , which was extremely tasty ( and stylishly adorned with the wee knitted cozy . ) i also had a falafel salad bowl . which was huge , and was n't stingy with the falafel . which was a win all round . i 'll probably have to return for some of the cake on a less virtuous health day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good coffee , cute cafe , friendly staff , and tasty baked goods ! i was a bit disappointed at the selection of baked goods even though i came fairly close to opening , but the banana bread that i had was very tasty and the cute decor ambience of the cafe made up for it . the cafe is bright , clean , and neat with spindles of yarn and threads for decoration ! after i had my coffee and banana bread , i visited the tapestry studio just next store where they had exhibitions of artists ' weaved goods , jewelry , ceramics , etc. , you can also buy them too ! recommend allowing 1.5-2 hrs at the cafe and studio to enjoy coffee and a nice stroll , as well as some shopping or conversation with the artist staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok ... .. i feel i have now got to the point of no return . i am full on , head over heels , completely and utterly , fantastically , undoubtedly in love with the cafe at dovecot . this place is the shizz . the coffee is a-maazing ! the cakes are devine . the soups are exciting and different flavours . the sandwiches are made with such proper big tasty slabs of bread . the salads ... .. oh the salads ! ? ! edamame , feta , beetroot and spinach . heaven . and the staff are ace ! ? i actually can not praise this place enough ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice little cafe tucked in a corner on infirmary street , very close to south bridge . it has a clean , airy vibe , with lots of light-coloured wood and white tables . it opens directly into dovecot studios which adds a little bit of a sophisticated feel . it has more of a `` chat with your friends '' vibe than a `` park with your laptop '' vibe . it 's a small place , maybe about 8 tables . they advertise serving artisan roast coffee , and i believe it : the espresso that i had was fantastic . did n't try lunch ( they serve soup and sandwiches ) , but the pastry that i had was good . the only complaint i can think of is the name : i still ca n't figure out if it 's called dovecot cafe , stag espresso , stag espresso at dovecot cafe , dovecot cafe by stag espresso , large stag at cafe espresso dovecot , or what .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is excellent . we tried both the flat white and cappuccino . they use j atkinson archetype beans . very friendly staff who are clearly passionate about both food and coffee and all situated in a lovely space amongst contemporary art and design . what more could you want ! we 'll be back regularly to this gem - cracking - keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little coffee shop and restaurant . really good selection of soup , sandwiches and cake . all really nicely made and unusual flavours . great place away from the main streets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this cute cafe today after walking down the wrong street . ended up looping back later on that day for a coffee with a friend . i got fresh tomato & bacon soup , served with artisan bread , which seemed to be wholemeal with some seeds in it . cappuccino was delicious , also got a carmel chocolate shortbread and there were no complaints there either . staff was friendly . i 'll be back . just wish i knew if they had wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite places in the old town to go for lunch and coffee . good old soup , sandwich and cake as well as excellent artisan roast coffee . the staff are lovely , and friendly and if you are regular , get to know your preferences and remember in advance which is lovely ! it 's quite small though and you ca n't book so sometimes you 'll have to chance your arm they 'll be a table . the only thing is , it 's a real shame there 's not a proper breakfast menu ( porridge or anything more than a pastry ! ) as the cafe opens early in the morning but there is n't much of a selection other than coffee . recommend stag espresoo for delicious coffee and simple but tasty sandwiches and soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man , this place is a great find . i 've been here about 3 times and always find it very relaxing and could for hours ( if i had the time ) . the flat whites are always impeccable and creamy as well as the service . i must admit i do n't do lunch here , but that must , must , must change ! there is a menu and every tastes so damn tasty ( i could eat the menu itself ) ! the place is really clean and spotless , the staff have pride in their place and it shows !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a nice place.. students of edinburgh are really lucky.. nice place for studying but also meeting friends..comfortable tables to have some chat along with some coffee , tea or a piece of delicious cake ! ! really clean and the stuff seemed that really cared about the place . i had a fresh orange juice which was delicious and nicely served.. it is also really cheap so what else can a student ask for ? however..i did n't like the sugar cubes on the table..exposed to everyone who sits there during the day.. why ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful little cafe ! very light and airy and full of delicious treats to choose from . i went here for lunch during my trip to edinburgh and had a really tasty brie sandwich , with wonderful chutney and lettuce stuffed between fresh , hearty bred . it was very tasty indeed ! the staff were very accommodating also , with my friends requests for gluten-free bread and smaller portions of brie being met with smiles and nods , which is always nice . the cafe sits off a lovely little gallery space with a shop full of beautiful notebooks and the like , so if you fancy a coffee and a splurge on lovely stationary this is the place for you ! : p overall , this place has a really lovely atmosphere ! i 'd return in a heartbeat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this may be my new favourite place to lunch ! the surroundings are so chilled out and it 's a wee hidden gem as you 'd never know it was there unless you wander down infirmary street . it 's much nicer than going to the blackwell 's cafe . the staff are so friendly and obviously care about the food they serve as the menu is so well chosen . i had leek , potato and haggis soup and i could have eaten another 4 bowls of it ! my dad had some gorgeous carrot cake with lovely creamy icing . it 's all well priced and you do n't feel rushed at all . all i would ask for is more soup please ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with all of the previous reviews . we discovered this cafe by accident , having almost given up on finding somewhere good in the area ( there are lots of cafes , but 'good ' is harder to find ) . we were absolutely delighted with it the staff are so friendly and helpful and the food and drinks are outstanding . my daughters love the little knitted jackets on the glasses of hot chocolate , and all the baking we have tried has been excellent . the cafe is spacious , light and airy , and we have now been back several times it 's always been great . i would also recommend the gallery itself my arty daughter really enjoyed the telford college show there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its been 4 days and i 'm still thinking of the wonderful salad i had here the other day ! i feel like salads get a bad rap here in scotland and they are jsut blah ... but when i met my friend at dovecot i was tempted to risk a salad , choice because were it sounded yummy . i had a delicious smoked salmon , and avocado salad with a light yogurt dill dressing ! i 'm counting down the days till i can order it again ! it was also filling ! loads of salmon and avocado ! their sandwiches sounded amazing too ! i know most people on here rave about their coffee and tray bakes , hoping to have some of those next time = ) my friend did get a mocha and thought it was lovely . i had the ginger and lemonaide , which was refeshing , but i hate paper straws ! they just feel weird in my mouth ! haha but thye look cute so i 'll give them that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is excellent . we tried both the flat white and cappuccino . i found the flat white perfect and trusty partner the cappuccino just a wee bit weak but enjoyable even so . soft , rounded , smooth milk that was hot-warm but not hot-hot , bringing the best out of the coffee . very friendly staff who are clearly passionate about both food and coffee and all situated in a lovely space amongst contemporary art and design . what more could you want ! http : edinburghcoffeelovers.blogspot.com twitter - @ edinburghcoffee", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure whats up with jean machines as a whole . i came into this location to pick up a ticket for ticketmaster , i was dealing with one of the ladies , who asked what i assume to be a manager or a supervisor for some help to which he told her to figure it out on her own ... pretty loud i might add , then when she asked him for the keys to open something in regards to getting my purchase , he threw the keys at her , which hit her in the chest , and he went out the back door rambling on . not impressed with the lack of professionalism within this company , and them being represented by ticketmaster .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing is labelled properly . they do n't even bother to put `` men '' `` women '' signs . the lady keeps greeting people who came in later and ignoring me . worst of all , they do n't carry anything less than 32 for leg length .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went into jean machine ( my first time ever in one ) to try on some jeans . i was greeted by david and i instantly felt welcomed . he helped me find some great jeans and even a few tops . his customer service was outstanding and i 'd recommend this store to anyone looking to find and feel amazing in a great pair of jeans . thanks david !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boys and i hit this place up all the time . thank you for keeping us in style.you got to be on top if you want to make it in the rap game g.b . aka `` twisty twins ``", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i walk in they think i 'm shop-lifting ... that or it 's because i 'm some white artsy kid . that 's probably it . uhhgh i 'm sooooo judged . angst angst angst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "k-momo . lets forget the fact that it sounds asian and ask why must they have such fash-uns ? ganster tweety bird shirt apparent ; y means `` urban sophisticate '' while baby phat is a hip hop girls basic equivalent to versace . the only reason it gets two stars is because it makes me laugh so much ... although if i ever do go in they always watch me like i am going to steal . which is pretty hilarious considering i think what they have should be free anyway . so yeah ... k-momo ? say no-no !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "looking for blank t 's they have aaa , knock off pro clubs , and what might be fake pro clubs w paper tags ( been buying pro clubs for about 10 yrs never seen a paper logo . located in the mall on the lower level enter on the dillards side", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super freundlicher besitzer , gem\u00fctlicher biergarten mit restaurant falls es mal regnet oder k\u00fchler ist . vom wichtelkuchen \u00fcber original indisch bis zu gutb\u00fcrgerlich alles vorhanden , dazu sacher + paulaner vom fass . was will man mehr ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr netter biergarten , vor allem an hei\u00dfen tagen . das essen ist sehr lecker , sowohl schw\u00e4bische als auch indische gerichte . dazu leckere heilbronner weine oder frisches bier aus der brauerei sacher . aktuell zeigen sie auch alle spiele der fu\u00dfball-wm der frauen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das holzwichtele ist ein verdammt urig-gem\u00fctliche biergarten etwas au\u00dferhalb vom ditzingen . man kann zwar auch in der h\u00fctte dinieren , aber das ist nat\u00fcrlich f\u00fcr den sommer nicht geeignet . stattdessen sitzt man drau\u00dfen auf sauberen holzb\u00e4nken , wovon einige sogar eine lehne haben . nat\u00fcrlich gibt es die komplette bandbreite an gut b\u00fcrgerlichen mahlzeiten : maultaschen , schnitzel , spagetti etc . ich hatte die leckeren maulis mit kartoffelsalat und war vollkommen zufrieden . die portionen sind mehr als reichlich und die bedienung ist wirklich zackig unterwegs und die preise sind wirklich vollkommen in ordnung . wirklich einer der wenigen guten bierg\u00e4rten im stuttgarter umkreis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not happy at all with our experience with hansen and sons . they came over for chimney sweeping , but told us the inside of our fireplace was warped and leaking and that it needed to be replaced before use . they followed up with a quote that exceeded $ 5,000 . we decided to get a second opinion from another company . they just got done inspecting the chimney and said absolutely nothing was wrong with it and this type of chimney was built to last 40+ years . the best part is that we were telling them about using another company and what they told us about it needing to be replaced . we never used hansen 's name and they immediately asked if it was hansen and sons because they are infamous for saying something is wrong when nothing really is . we will never use hansen again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "answered my call in a timely manner . scheduled pretty quickly . called day before . specific time - not a range - making is easier to get off work . on time . friendly . did a great job . no mess . communicated clearly and answered questions . reasonable pricing and applied a coupon i did not even realize i was eligible for . that 's great customer service and integrity . they just made a customer for life in me . thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the worst experience with hansen and sons . i called tracy to schedule an appointment one month in advance with bill for a diagnostic for $ 89 . she called me just before the appointment to tell me the price is going to be $ 329 and it 's going be with a different person and we have to reschedule . this is not a trustworthy business when they can change everything at the last minute . please find or schedule appointment with some other place . worst experience ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had wings with golden sauce . the sauce is a unique sauce in that it us a honey-tinged sweet sauce with a bit of tang . very good . as always , the mac and cheese was fabulous . will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the most delicious ribs i 've ever had . give them a call and place an order for pickup . so convenient and good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came back to this place after a while and could n't believe it . this bar is great ! they cleaned it up , remodeled and now it 's great place to hang out and drink with freinds . do yourself a favor and stop in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to uncle jimmys and wow ca n't believe how nice they fixed the place up ! super clean bathroom . tons of character ! have a drink and shoot a game of pool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to be a regular here . pretty great place , friendly bartenders . not a fan of the bands they have booked for the weekend nights though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a quaint and cozy neighbourhood cafe tucked under a few steps off of sherbrooke . you can easily lose track of time here with a friend , your favourite book , or some work . they serve food , coffee , and have a variety of teas to choose from , many of which will keep you warm this winter !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful place , awful service ! rude hosts , bad service , aggressive and unprofessional staff . the staff are untrained and have no idea about running a business . the staff are so aggressive they do n't welcome costumers and while taking orders give attitude to the costumers . their service is so bad it takes 45 mins to 1 h to have your order taken and another hour to receive your order wrong . they host private events during the public openings which makes the costumers so uncomfortable . the food quality is very low to be said and heavily competes with their service level . i strongly not recommend this place if you want a good food , good service and fun as these people are totally against all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here twice , once for a show my friend was playing in and another time to do some studying with a friend the food here is relatively expensive , the hot chocolate was like 6 $ but it was delicious and pretty big it has a really cozy atmosphere , pretty hipster and the type of place that 's good for a lunch date or something when i came for my friend 's show my ears were bleeding tho so turn down volume maybe nice friendly staff , my friend got the sandwich and said it was good great location on sherbrooke , very easy to find and a in a nice neighbourhood", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute and cosy . studious and quiet ambiance on a tuesday evening . try the big pot of tea where you can create your own tea blend and get a free biscotti ! great quality full leaves herbal teas available . persian rose flower , verbena , mountain tea , lilly , magnolia , peach flower ... wehewww , my head is spinning . delicious homemade cakes . will be back to play chess . that 's all you need to know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot tucked away in the concordia village . you could walk by this busy stretch of sherbrooke many times and never notice this cafe . but what a find when you finally do ! i first dropped in this summer during grand prix . it was like finding an oasis in the desert - although in this case it was more like finding a quiet and relaxing spot amidst chaos , booth babes and the smell of gasoline . it has now become my ritual , every time i stop in at concordia , i get a latte here . and it never disappoints . the cafe is run by iranians , which offer excellent coffees and teas as well as pastries . it is also a great spot to do some reading or studying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i 've only been here once but the atmosphere is perfect . it really charming and cozy . it was n't noisy at all and it was the perfect place to talk . there was plenty of space when i went and the tables were n't cramped . they had a wide selection of teas as well as espresso and coffee . i would highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here again and again . an awesome place to spend a couple of hours in . you can find a variety of tables and chairs around . quiet place in general ( except some weekends when there is an event going on ) . you can even throw your birthday here . they have a very nice collection of teas from which you can select any mix & match that you like , and it is called the `` mix & match '' shelf ! the environment is quite cosy and nice . you will find its walls full of pictures , mostly head shots of anonymous people by hamed , one of the owners of this place who is a professional photographer as well . their coffee is nice , very delicious sweets and newly awesome croissants . they even have some warm food like paninis and soup . i have tried their mushroom soup . it is served in a bread ! yes ! they pour the soup in the bread and serve it for you . it is really great . you can taste the mushrooms . it is really delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting montreal and a friend took me to cafe aunja for a tea . what a charming little place . it 's definitely unique in its own way . if you like to have a tea or coffee and enjoy a comforting environment while reading a book or doing some work this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aunja is a cafe which has a cozy , inviting atmosphere and great food and drink . they have a vast tea selection some very high quality baked goods . my raisin roll was very fresh and the tutti frutti tea that i had was loaded with chunks of fresh fruit . so why three stars ? the pricing which was a bit excessive . that tutti frutti tea and raisin roll were $ 10 . the tea alone was $ 5 and yes i enjoyed it but that is quite steep .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came with a friend to study here . however , the waitress forgot my order a couple times . in between , she came and asked if i had ordered anything ( she forgot my order ) . i had to remind the other waiter for my soup . we were asked to move tables , quite coldly . overall , not an enjoyable experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place is awesome ! ! i love it more than any place in montreal . i feel comfortable and relaxed whenever i am at cafe aunja . the owners are so friendly , when you enter the place they smile at you and during their service they behave as if you are at one of your best friend 's place . they have a creative choice of mix and match that you can mix any kind of tea with additives of your choice ! i love to seat there for hours and hours and read books or talk to a friend in a cozy environment . i love this place and it 's my first choice whenever i want to feel home while not going home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had the worst pasta ever in my life here ... worst presentation , knew the taste wo n't be good already.i should say the interior design is nice , and the vibe is pretty good for a weekend chill . but food is over priced . the tasteless pasta + lemonade cost me $ 14+ . i will attach a picture", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a fan because this caf\u00e9 is really heart-warming . the place has a nice decoration and a enjoyable atmosphere . you can find books , a lot of tea boxes , chess ( not sure ) games , a couch and an old keyboard . also , it is so close to concordia i have been there 3 times , and i must say , my heart likes the place better than my wallet does ... indeed , the latte and the home-made lemonade were actually good ( although i am usually not a huge fan of lemon things ) . the tea i tasted was ok but could have been better if i had received good advice from the waiter ( who did not look like he was passionate ) . still , i will try not to go too often , as the prices are not the cheapest , but , well , i guess you also pay for the atmosphere and the cute little tea set they serve you in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice and cozy place to hang out with your friends , delicious coffee n tasty tea ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of tea selection here , and lovely decor as well . one or my favorite study spots - good wifi ( passwords gingertea ) , outlets available , and they have both savoury food ( sandwiches or soup ) and great pastries as well ! also a great spot for catching up with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a nice little place . i am a person who does not take caffeine . i loved there teas . it is a little expensive though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cafe is absolutely beautiful . once walks into the incredible warm atmosphere and a delicious soothing smell . the furniture is charming and makes me want to go back and try out all the different nooks and crannies so i can claim a favourite spot ! the staff are very friendly and were kind enough to help me choose something . i tried the snowman 's surprise which was different to anything i 've ever had before . perhaps it 's an acquired taste but in the hot winter it 's absolutely refreshing . this is the perfect place for a sweet afternoon conversation with friends or a date . definitely going back and would recommend to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had relaxing tea time for an hour and more . just looking from outside , you can know that this is a right cafe to try . all you can blend tea to share for 2-3per ( 7.50 $ ) , delicious fresh cake , cute cups , comfortable sofa , relaxing but fashionable atmosphere , lots tables , artistic website . i totally felt in love with this iranian style tea service . you choose your pot , then mix your favourite herbs , dry flowers , fruits , teas , by yourself . all stuffs are so neatly and so beautifully presented in glass jars that you feel like you wan na try them all . i will definitely come back , for coffee next time : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the concrete jungle that is downtown - this place is tops for lovely vibes , pretty decor and fancy persian tea . love !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2.5 stars . the place is really cute and cozy but the prices are a bit too high in my opinion . i got the hot chocolate which tasted good . it had a bit of a twist since i think they put cardamom in it . maybe that 's why they charge over 4 dollars for it , i do n't know , but it was a good experience overall .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lovely atmosphere , basic good food , like sandwiches and salads . a good variety of tea , and coffee too . i was a bit disappointed in their mint lemonade , i expected it to be blended together , but it was just a lemonade with mint leaves in it ( which is good too , but not what i expected ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd actually give this place 3.5 stars but that 's not an option . i came here to do work and upon entering was immediately charmed by the atmosphere and decor . i ordered the persian fragrance tea because i thought it sounded interesting . it ended up being hot water with a bunch of floating flowers and loose leaf tea . to be honest , it was quite overpriced and not worth it . food wise i was a bit more impressed- i ordered the lentil soup and a roast beef sandwich . the soup was definitely home made and delicious . i just wish there was more of it . the roast beef sandwich was really rich and was quite a generous portion . it did leave me with a bit of a stomach ache though because it was so rich . in terms of a place to study , i do n't think i 'll be coming back here . the other customers were really load and kept bumping into my chair . also i found it overpriced for what i got . definitely a cute place for a coffee date though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend introduced me to this caf\u00e9 near concordia on the sherbrooke street . a very casual ambience , filled with students mostly . it has very interesting coffee and tea options . in addition , they have soups and salads if you feel hungry while studying there . they have home-made kind cakes , which i loved . in addition , the internet is fast enough to get some real work done while you are there : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "downtown gem tucked away with simplicity , charm , and a wholesome menu . i had a warm & fresh brie baguette sandwich , with light lentil soup , flavourful with fresh herbs , and a lemonade prettied with fresh mint . cozy , fresh , peaceful . a welcome change from the bustling downtown vibe . as someone else mentioned , its ambience is nicely paired with a visit to the mus\u00e9e des beaux arts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love the laid back atmosphere at aunja , and everything i 've gotten there has been spectacular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place for an afternoon tea or coffee , or for a pick-up after visiting the museum ! it is beautifully decorated and has a nice vibe to it . the menu is good and the teas coffees themselves are also good . a bit pricey , but worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place has a cute ambiance and you 'd think they 'd have a samovar if they were persian but i think the place kind of does its own thing . although the place does have persian culture events , which is good . other than that it is a rather overpriced , i spent 6.33 with tax on a `` tea '' that was literally some dried spices with a splash of rose water in a jar . i guess it 's okay if you 're in the area and looking for something different , i just would n't want to spend that much on a drink , but they have cheaper options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here after touring the museum of fine arts , as it 's only a block away . great service , tasty food , and cute ambiance ! their sandwiches are delicious and the summer tea drinks are unique and refreshing . the waiter even gave us a few smaller drinks to try on the house . a little on the pricy side but well worth checking out if you 're in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute persian hippy cafe with great pastries . very nice ambiance with wooden tables and books everywhere . great teas , coffees and pastries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nice tea latte here with my friend . i loved that our drinks came in their own individual teapots , but i thought the tea itself was a little bland . pricey , too . still , it was a great place to escape from the cold in for an hour .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice cozy place , good place to chill and hang out , good music many choices for tea and tisanes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from teas to coffees , their drinks here are so well thought out and put together . the ambiance is warm and young , there 's even a piano if you want to be obnoxious ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so the environment is really good and i guess if you stop here you should really conceptualize it as paying for that as well . cuz holy moly , a small pot of herbal tea for 5 dollars ? it was just chamomile ! but i did spend two hours here reading and it was quiet and there are lots of outlets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice selection of teas . the ambience is very warm . perfect place to grab a hot cup of tea and sit back relax or read on a cold winter day . love the fact that they hive the option to mix and match their teas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very warm and welcoming atmosphere . i had a short stay in montreal and i visited this place . i really loved it . get some herbal tea . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely caf\u00e9 close to concordia and museum of fine arts , very artsy decor and cute menu , the price is a bit high but worth it , their blend of tea is really original and colourful ! i like the persian colours one very much !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a big tea fan , you 'd love this one , especially if you 're a concordia student ( it 's literally down the road from the hb ) . the prices are not super cheap , but they are well worth the price . the first time i was there , i got to sit at the window seat with really cute plants next to me , with this beautiful cup of tea . it was so nice ! and the service was really great too , the cashier kindly explain the menu and recommended according to what i wanted that day . it 's probably a great place to bring a date if you want it to be cutesy . i know i 'd be swooning if you brought me there ( especially if we get the window seat ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come study here a lot , very quiet and cozy little coffee shop tucked in on sherbrooke . their tea mixes are absolutely delectable , i love their ginger tea that come with honey as well as the persian summer drink with cucumbers ( i forget the name ) and the jujube tea ! the warm teas are a tad too sweet so i just keep asking them for more and more hot water and it still tastes good after the third cup ! they have amazing pastries as well , my favourite is definitely the almond pear cake , just the right amount of sweetness . i 've tried their brunch as well , very very good , it comes with many side dishes ( baked grapefruit , cheese ) but it is quite pricy ( $ 20 ) . overall very cute place to study , do work , meet friends , date , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is a day at ikea your nightmare ? well , we 're opposites . i love it . i love it more than anyone i know , which is weird because i really dislike their furniture . i 'm 30 and i feel strongly that i should n't be able to assemble everything i own with an alan key . it 's all about that marketplace ( do n't want no treble ) . however , if you must get furniture here ( for me it was baby stuff , and there are definitely certain things like closet systems , i concede ikea just does best ) , you should know one thing : for about $ 100 they will come to your house and assemble it . what a revelation ! within two weeks of purchasing your closet system , crib or whatever someone will not only deliver it but assemble it . annnnnd the villagers rejoice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was doing some shopping at ikea on saturday with a friend and decided to stop into the restaurant to grab a quick bite to eat . their pricing is really reasonable and the services is really quick . i had the famous meatballs with mash potatoes and cranberry sauce . as you would expect they were decent , but a little over cooked , but when you cover them in gravy they were really good . the food helped me get enough energy to walk through the whole store and grab everything that i needed to get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst breakfast experience ever . this is a popular hang out sunday at the crack of 9:30 am for etobicoke people . they 're lined up from the escalator . hey , etobicoke people know the value of $ 1 . it gets you a plate of food at ikea . but these ill-trained etobicoke staffers really know how to screw up pretty simple food delivery , in contrast to the well oiled sausage machine of ikea vaughan . they seem to set out one tub of pancakes and do n't bother to refill it within the 14 minutes it takes the 100 people in line to consume them . god forbid you get there at 9:40 am . you 'll be out of pancakes . okay , try the french toast . look for the maple syrup . find none . pay at cash . ask where the syrup is . be informed it 's back at the steam table . still find none . be informed second hand by a non-employee they 're out of maple syrup . i guess i could have been told that by the cashier before i paid . fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "though ikea might not be the best place to shop for furniture or deco if you want to have the most unique furniture for your home . however , it is always inspiring to just walk around the store , opening up some cabinets , sink into some of the sofas or even sleep in some of the day beds.. food here is cheap and reasonable ! nothing gourmet but great for snacks and if you are on a budget . remember to get the ikea family card which is free to enrol , not only you get specials at the cafe and even your coffee tea are free ! ! just love ikea 's business model ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "4 stars for being a less confusingly laid-out ikea than its north york counterpart . that 's all . resume your yelping and happy shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vous en visitez un , vous avez visit\u00e9 tous les ikea du monde entier ! mais on ne s'en lasse pas pour autant , d'imaginer la chambre ou le salon qu'on pourrait avoir chez soi ! ! ! parfait pour les petits budgets qui recherchent des meubles neufs ! ! par contre il ne faut pas avoir peur de passer 50min a 1h dans les transports avant d'atteindre le magasin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "weekdays , shuttle bus leaves at ikea etobicoke starting 9:15am at every half hour . food is cheap but do n't expect quality . make sure you get your ikea family card at any kiosk . food offers from the family card only works in the restaurant . one free coffee tea per card and occasionally cheaper salmon meals from $ 5.99 to $ 3.99 $ 2.99 . also applies to ikea family discounts which varies per week . the service here is not bad , just wished there were less kids . get to know your shortcuts and way around the location ! customer service returns & exchanges was helpful when i was missing parts - they just had spares ready for you . just make sure you have the part numbers ready !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usual ikea stuff - no different from other locations . there is underground covered parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a good breakfast for only $ 10 or so ! but i think all those heavy carbs made my partner and i drowsy while we strolled around ikea afterward haha . like last time , the service was n't the best . my partner said the sales rep on the floor seemed more preoccupied talking amongst themselves than helping customers - i agree..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "of the ikea locations close to me , this is the one i prefer to visit . on today 's visit , the item i was looking for was out of stock , which means , i 'll have to come back sometime . but anyways , there 's always good deals to be found at ikea . there is n't a store that has better priced shelves . their cafeteria restaurant is decent and really busy . they have 99cent chocolate bars strategically placed at the checkout . note to self , if you 're buying small items , bring your own bag , they do n't supply them anymore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful clean store . i love ikea . cool merchandise . do n't eat the $ 1 breakfast , got sick after eating the eggs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of the ikea brand products . i mainly just go there for the 15 or 20 piece meatball dinner . it 's cafeteria food so it 's fast and cheap , since it 's close to my office i do n't mind going there . in my experience on the weekdays i do n't have to wait very long in line but on weekends it 's really busy with a number of kids in the `` kids zone '' of the cafeteria . the only complaint i have is i do n't know how healthy ikea food is for the wasteline .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my second home next to target and walmart . ikea is just one of those places you can waste time at . $ 2 dollar breakfast , $ 0.75 hotdogs ? c'mon now ? do n't tell me you 've never had swedish meatballs ? ? smoked salmon ? ? mac n cheese ? ? clearly , i 've eaten too many times to count at ikea , and wont ever stop . 25 years of warranty on couches , really ? how could one go wrong ? we only recently replaced our couch from our old ikea couch of 12 years . it treated us well despite having a dog who likes cuddles on the couch . oh , and free childcare , i mean child play area ? leave the kids there for an hour and do n't pay a cent . the kids love it , and you can shop headache free . win win win win win . do n't forget the frozen yogurt or coffee after you 've exhausted yourself in the as is section .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here occasionally during off hours and it 's still busy ! not as busy as evenings & weekends though . love the model units especially the tiny units that are relevant to the urban dweller . nice ideas on layout , furniture and accessories . store layout if fine , self-serve is convenient . staff are helpful , if you can get ahold of one ( sometimes it feels understaffed - either i ca n't find anyone or there 's only 1 person and 3 customers waiting to ask questions ) . i like their fast , convenient and low-priced meals when i 'm on the go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my homebase ikea , great section of ikea items almost never out of stock the resturant is amazing , literally a huge deal when it comes to breakfast ... we once did four people for just under 25 bucks . my go to ikea store and i just love it . as much of a kid thing this is for me to say , i love the shopping carts ... 360 on a dime ... heh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ikea is swedish for slow . those checkout lineups are killers . the product line is fine for the money . let 's be real -- no one shops here for heirloom furniture .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best store in the whole world . they have everything you could ever want from kitchen supplies to bedroom furniture . it 's very affordable and good quality stuff . i 've been a few times but for the first time we tried out their cafe . 1.99 for kids meals and 2.99 for adult meals . not amazing food but awesome for the price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really ... who does n't like to go to ikea ? it 's pretty hard to rate ikea since they are all alike . it is never messy and the restaurant area is always clean . i always go with my parents there just for the restaurant . swedish meatballs ... mmmm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for weekend breakfast , great price and good quality food . then you do your shop and it isnt to busy at that time of the morning . good experience all around", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was here yesterday to look for 2 things.. bottom line is , the store is to big and everything is just scattered all over the place . i got lost and the whole time could n't find what i was looking for . it was almost a waste of time for me , even to just go in there . and it 's packed . i left and did n't find i thing . the furniture is affordable , yet cheap ( breaks easily ) but buying the simple things here , is really the way to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff is not friendly at all . they make you feel bad for asking them for any help . the customer service is not very good either . lost $ 40 in returning an item that got wrong because nobody wanted to help me choose the right one . and if you have to wait for an item that you ca n't pick up , it takes them at least half an hour to give it to you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular at ikea for breakfast . what can i say ? scrambled eggs , hash browns , a couple of sausages , and a cup of bottomless coffee for $ 1 before the store opens ? sold ! the wife and kids enjoy it . no arguing over menu items . just the basics , and you are good to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing better than having breakfast on a sunday morning at ikea for $ 1.99 which includes scrambled eggs , hash brown potatoes. , sausages and unlimited coffee . plus for $ 1.00 more you can get 2 pancakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once you master the short cuts and dizzying signs showing where to go , ikea is really not as bad as everyone seems to think . they have free daycare for the kiddies , good and cheap food in the cafeteria along with beer to ease that ikea stress . and hot dogs and ice cream at the checkout , all help to make a trip to ikea more tolerable . but knowing the tricks like going back thru the checkout and into the warehouse to buy an item really make the place better . i did exactly that when i wanted another rail for a wardrobe . the associates working in the warehouse are knowledgable and know their products . i was directed to the aisle and went back thru the checkout with ease and efficiency .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ikea has the absolute worst customer service for mattress returns . i bought a mattress and paid ikea to pick it up as a return . the pick up was on the friday and since i paid my debit , i was told to wait 2 days to get a refund . i called tuesday to check if i can come in the store for the refund and the guy said to wait 1 more day so they can update their system . he did confirm that the delivery service picked up the mattress and that it should n't be a problem . i called them today and the guy said , to wait another 5 days for the refund . i was on the phone for over 30 minutes and the guy even says it can take a month for the refund ! i asked for the supervisor and he says i have to wait 24-48 hours for the manager to call me back . what ? ? ! ! ! this service sucks ! ! i will never again shop here ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , it 's an ikea . i really do miss having one near me , and so when i had an opportunity to go wander around and have some lunch , i leapt at the chance . so yeah , it 's pretty standard . in fact the layout is almost exactly like the last us ikea i was in , which is in woodbridge , va . it 's got the same inexpensive merchandise , the same decent level of customer service , and the same meatballs . if you need some inexpensive , decently made furniture or home accessories , this is the place for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bringing me back because ikea has car chargers , worth 4 stars.also , i am finding snacks while charging at their cafeteria , and snack bar.not to mention the random items i am buying while i wander around . killjoy was the cafeteria cash person , soooo rude when i ordered a kid 's meal , they get apple juice.serving staff just pointed to the refrigerated drink area , so i had no idea the apple juice in the case was n't `` the '' apple juice.when i went back to look for `` the '' apple juice , there was nothing else labeled apple juice.dragging nephews who are toddlers that can have a melt down , this was totally not customer service . favorite ikea to date : emeryville , ca 94608 { sanfrancisco }", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ikea really has consumerism to a science . bright , attractive showroom , lots of seating areas ( including the displays ) , play area for the kids , a cafe in case you get famished . they even make the maze-like top floor less aggravating with perfect room displays . seriously , the way these people can seduce you with the floor models ... makes me forget about the horrors that await of hours of diy assembly ! surprisingly , on the weekend this location was bereft of sales associates . i had a burning question about bathroom textiles and could n't find the location on the giant maps ( side note : it 's disturbing how easily you can get lost in ikea . friendly maps and all ) . all in all , pretty nondescript trip to ikea . i 'm dreading the assembly of my new night table and coffee table though . maybe i should 've snagged a pack of swedish meatballs to bribe my friends to help .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did you know the restaurant is licenced ? they sell beer ! ! ! yuppers ! so send your other round to shop while you kick it back with meatballs and a cold one upstairs . our secret to a happy marriage , grin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "exactly what you 'd expect of an ikea : great decor ideas , plenty of selection , and some really smart options for the home . we 've dropped in to the restaurant for breakfasts and lunches which have always been enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over the past 20 years i 've bought a lot of stuff from ikea.. some of it is even still functional , together ! ! i like ikea . this location gets one star for one reason . too cheap to pay for the right amount of cashiers . i almost always wait in silly-ridiculous sized lines . such a turn off . terrible customer service , the worst . time is valuable , do n't put us in cattle like lines for that length of time ; not cool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bright , busy , with lots of great stuff , just like any other ikeas . came here on a saturday afternoon . the dining area was a bit messy , as i could n't find a clean table to eat my meatballs . other than that , i was able to find everything i needed and they had pretty good deals on them . worth the long commute !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food . aside from the diy furniture , the food is a good incentive to shop at ikea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for some curtains and ended up eating dinner at their cafeteria . to my surprise , the food was actually pretty decent and cheap ! we ordered the salmon with rice and the swedish meatballs which came with mashed potatoes and lingonberry sauce . i 've had the best and most expensive meatballs in sweden and i must admit , this is up there for 1 4 of the price . the mashed potato were equally impressive made with real potatoes as opposed to the ones wiped out of a box . the rice that accompanied the salmon was cooked with zucchini , squash and carrots ! talking about a balanced diet . lastly , the ambience , we came here on a weeknight and it was heavenly quiet . complete opposite of the weekend crowd with screaming kids . i would definitely come back but only on a weeknight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where relationships go to die . welcome to ikea , home of cheap furniture and broken interior design dreams . i have officially sworn off buying furniture from ikea after this move . i do n't think it falls apart because it is bad quality . i think it falls apart because idiots like me and every other random person out there are the ones putting it together . and let 's face it , with no written instructions something always goes wrong . that being said , when it comes to things like massive wardrobes , you have to go here . it is like everyone else who tried to get in on this wardrobe monopoly was slayed by a dragon named ikea . this location has a huge amount of parking , is ttc accessible with a shuttle bus and is easier to get to than north york or vaughan . but , the employees can be sparse and they are n't always stocked . if i could never go here again , i 'd be a happy person .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's an ikea ... i 've not really noticed any real differences between this an others been to . staff is a bit bare at times.. but i 've noticed the same else where . the ones i 've dealt with have been . the breakfast is a guilty pleasure . it 's barely good but paying a $ 1.00 for a meal is amusing ! also bacon.. yes bacon makes it all worthwhile . all in all decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i may have a mild obsession with ikea ... just a slight one i promise . prices are reasonable , selection is fab and food is decent . i like that they are always changing up the displays and coming out with new things for people like me who ca n't resist !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convenient location just off the gardiner . not a huge fan of the furniture but the bookshelves are good quality and cheap price . was not too happy about a bed frame which consisted of a lot more parts than it should ... made me remember the childhood lego technic days : ) i know the food is cheap and people keep ordering but please do n't call it a restaurant . because it is not . also , the line-up for returns or replacement parts could put a dent in your schedule ( i waited for 45 minutes and was about to give up ) . mornings seem a lot better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if there 's one place that has succeeded in retail design it is ikea . their showrooms are beautifully crafted to spur your imagination and pull out your wallet at everything you see . the problem is that it all quickly crashes down once you get to the warehouse . it seems all the money and effort went into assembling all the showroom pieces that they forgot to actually make sure that have stuff to sell . i 've been to this store so many times and each time i have to leave disappointed because the pieces i wanted ended up being out of stock . either they were completely missing or the colour i wanted was n't available . it 's about 100x worse at ikea than any other store since you would have to go all the way back through the store again to find an alternative . at that point who even has the stamina to do it all again ? getting the frozen yogurt on the way out cheers me up enough to give it 2 stars overall .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "etape obligatoire pour \u00e9quiper votre appart ou chambre quand vous venez d'enmm\u00e9nager . le ikea est pr\u00e9sent\u00e9 en 4 parties : le showroom avec les diff\u00e9rents univers pour vous donner de l'inspiration dans vos achats , la cafeteria avec leurs c\u00e9l\u00e8bres `` meet balls '' , les all\u00e9es classiques pour acheter vos produits et pour finir le `` pick up furniture area '' o\u00f9 vous venez acheter vos meubles . j'adore cette atmosph\u00e8re o\u00f9 tout est possible en terme de d\u00e9co , on se retient de ne pas tout acheter . si vous avez vraiment beaucoup de meubles \u00e0 acheter je vous conseille de vous faire livrer pour une trentaine de dollars , c'est un bon plan si vous achetez \u00e0 plusieurs . sinon il y a toujours l'option location de camionnette ou bien pour les plus valeureux un bus s'arr\u00eate pas loin du magasin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` silence prisoner . i mean ... can i help you valued customer ? '' looking for an accurate portrayal of a visit to ikea ? watch the 30 rock where liz and chriss decide to visit a store . to lift any of the furniture at ikea , you 'll need to visit the store with a companion , but i recommend going with someone who is n't your significant other , unless you 're trying to get your significant other out of your life . i go to the ikea in etobicoke when i need furniture and i do n't want to spend a fortune , but i avoid it if at all possible . it 's convenient because there is a free shuttle from kipling station , but i always leave feeling bad about the world .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the worst service i have ever had in my life . i literally watched a pregnant woman ask an employee for help grabbing a frying pan off of a shelf and they told her to get it herself . of course , i walked on over and helped her out . the rest of the day proved to be a nightmare also . none of the staff seemed to want to help or answer any questions . the warehouse section is so huge and there was no one around to help direct me where to go . during check-out the cashier was rude and condescending to me . i will never go back to this location ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ikea food is what i 'm rating here . it 's a cool cafeteria concept with swedish inspired dishes . the swedish meatballs is what i usually get with either fries , mashed potatoes or veggies . it comes with gravy and lingonberry sauce . for $ 1 you can have access to their soda fountain . i usually make my own concoction with 2 parts lingonberry drink 1 part soda water and 1 part iced tea . in the summer you have to end your meal with a frozen yogurt cone ! it really is good value for your money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ikea is always the place to walk around to get some ideas for home renos . same layout as other location . customer service is slow ; not a lot of staff available to provide assistance when needed ( on weekend ) had to walk around and around to look for a staff to ask questions .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "1 $ breakfasts that taste like they cost $ 2 . value . park downstairs because it 's much cooler and less busy so you can get closer to the doors . other than that , it 's an ikea .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "before my sister and i went touring through ikea , we had lunch in their restaurant ( i have n't eaten in their restaurant before ) . it was quite busy . we both had swedish meatballs ( there were 10 to an order ) and mashed potatoes . surprisingly it was n't bad . with a pop ( refillable for free ) , it came to $ 7.90 ( including taxes ) . i think the red stuff was supposed to be cranberry sauce ... it was more like a sweet jam . the pop was really really warm so needed lots of ice . i 'd eat there again if i was at their store and hungry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love ikea ! i came here on a sunday for no other reason but the fact that i was passing and decided to stop in and browse the different furniture layouts , colour schemes , etc . i ended up buying gift wrap and cards ( i did n't know ikea sold this ? ! ) in funky patterns , and also the swedish meatballs ( so good ! ) . such a great way to spend a sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still amazed with this place . nam did my immaculate pedicure . eva did my wonderful gel manicure . both were very well done . will go back again ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i been to diff nail places and can tell you from my experience julissa is the best nail person i have met . shes amazing and has a lot of talent , i can go with a set for up to 3 weeks and still looks good ... love her work.. thank u julie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "julissa is one of the best nail techs i have ever met and been too ! she is so creative and always out does herself every visit i have to see her . her quality work is amazing , better then any other nail salon i have ever been too , i never have missing nails or any lifting nails ! keep up the amazing work girl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erin is a fabulous realtor ! she was very accommodating and willing to travel to multiple cities and locations , sometimes with only a few hours notice ! thanks so much to erin for all of her hard work ! ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erin is the total package ! experienced , professional , and very responsive ... yet also candid and fun to work with . she knows the market well and thanks to her advice we were able to get multiple offers on our home within 24 hours of listing it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erin is an expert at what she does . she made the home buying process seamless , easy , and hassle free . she found us the perfect home for our family and definitely takes initiative to get everything done for you easily . i would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erin was amazing . she saw the charm of our little home and was able to make the selling process easy ! we sold very quick so we had to start the hunt for our forever home . she knew the area we were hunting to buy in.she would call as soon as she knew a new home was coming on market and we we meet her in minutes . she was available to answer any and all questions we had along the way and if she did n't know the answer she knew someone who would know and get back to us asap . i look back at all the insanity of buying and selling and she told me it would be an emotional rollercoaster and it was ! we have been in our forever home for 6 months and could not be any happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little walgreens ! they have all the stuff to accommodate the students living nearby , but are also a great resource for me when i need to pick up a quick ingredient for a recipe , a quick stop to pick up a last minute card for someone in the office or stock up on halloween ( or every day ) candy ! the service is consistently friendly and the lines will get long sometimes ( but they move pretty quick . they do checkout at the make-up beauty counter and photo counter too . i like that they have a whole wall of refrigerators with lunch time foods snacks and drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place could not be more different from the walgreens on the capitol square . every time i 've had a prescription sent there , it 's been filled quickly and without any problems . on one occasion , i made a mistake and gave them the code for the wrong type of pills . when i arrived to pick up the prescription and discovered the problem , they were very nice and filled the correct one in literally five minutes . note that normally , i do send my prescriptions over ahead of time ; given the high volume of student traffic , i think it 's probably a good idea to avoid waits . even the time that i had to have them refill something on the spot , however , it did n't take long at all , and i 've noticed that they seem to have quite a few people staffing the pharmacy at all times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go to the walgreens on lake street ! it has pretty much the same things but a little cheaper ! however , this walgreens has a more diverse selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just received excellent service from jacki the pharmacy tech . she is a true pleasure and very focused on meeting the needs of her customers . if you need to get prescriptions filled while in madison wi i highly recommend going to this pharmacy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful , public , glass studio and teaching facility on the ( relatively ) near east side of cleveland . i started off with a groupon class ; and decided that i loved it so much i would start taking regular classes there . the owners are wonderful ; they are responsive , relaxed , and make the studio a great environment . the teachers are truly talented and they make glass blowing accesible . i have taken several class session at the studio ( each one is 8 weeks long ) and i have truly learned a lot . it 's a quirky environment , tucked in an older `` warehouse '' style building . the jukebox plays as you are learning to push , pull , blow and shape your way to expressing your artistic glory ( and sometimes your artistic flops ) . it 's one of the best things i 've ever done for myself . if you are considering checking out the studio , definitely do it . know that the groupon classes are very introductory and just give you a small chance to experience glass blowing ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited the studio during the yelp elite party last month . it was by far one of the funnest yelp events i went to yet ! the owner and the instructors are super nice and you can tell are very enthusiastic about what they do . we got to make our own glass pieces , which we can pick up later and keep . i never made anything out of glass before so it was fascinating ! they also have some very interesting and unique pieces for sale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to a glass blowing party at j & c last night , february 22nd . enjoyed it ! hot hot hot room . the staff was very helpful . on groupon , the party is $ 40 , you get dinner , drinks & make one piece . i recommend it ! thinking about signing up for one of their classes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have attended 2 or 3 mini classes now and they have all been awesome . the staff are as helpful and hands on as you need but do not do it all for you . they review and teach as they go . lots of fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking to try something new and you have n't been able to find anything `` interesting '' enough or you just do n't know of anything , look no further than j and c glass studio in cleveland . the amazingly friendly instructors and staff as well and the immaculate facilities just add to the enjoyment of learning to shape and blow glass objects . it is one of the best experiences i have had and now i am hooked . i guarantee that it will be worth your time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the glassblowing party and had a great time . i got a basic overview of the process and was able to make my own decorative flower - with no prior knowledge of glassblowing . beverages pizza sandwiches pre-loaded jukebox were provided , their art glass is available to peruse or purchase , and all of the employees were so nice helpful social . it was fun to do in a group but would also make a great date or outing with a friend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little known fact is that honeybaked ham sells sandwiches and other lunch-type fare . take advantage of this opportunity . they use their own mouth-watering , thick-sliced meats and really take the deli sandwich to a new level . i had their classic ham sandwich and it was great . the ham was fantastic , especially when paired with their dijon mustard ( and i do n't even like mustard ! ! ) . the loss of a star here is because the bread was a little tough and roughed up the roof of my mouth . ouch . other than that , it was great and they have a lot of offerings from hot and cold sandwiches , soup , etc . check it out , you 'll like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place to eat a good sandwich , this is a franchise and the owner 's are extremely friensly , offering up all kinds of taste tests in the minute or two that you are waiting for your food . i turned my company on to this place and this is now an office favorite when we order food in ! try the club sandwich , with the original sliced honey ham ... it just feels so right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "left this place pretty disappointed.. the person that took my order was n't kind enough to explain to me the difrence between a box combo and watts on there menu wich with box combo you get more for your money then having to buy all the sides separate . she said i haft to tell them ( ok ) the whole trying to figure out issue takes about 5 minuts of my lunch break and embarrassing moment as there is people in line waiting to order . finally i get my order to go and on my way out i decide to check my order and it 's not all there here we go again pretty disappointing i payed with a 50 $ gift card im not shure if i wan na go back to this kind of customer service ... did n't even get a sorry ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looking for a high quality , quick , sandwich , potato salad , lunch ? this is the place ! my favorite is the ham ole ( it 's a special menu ) . every sandwich i have had has been great ! the meat and ingredients they use are high quality and full of fresh flavor . two thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad service model and rude management and owner . corporate did not care enough to follow-up with the customer . i would never go to another honey baked ham store now after being a customer for 30 years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great lunch at honey baked ham cafe . i ordered the ham & turkey deli stack ( with swiss & cheddar on a european white roll , no lettuce , tomato , or honey mustard ) . i also made it a combo with the baked beans . we thought their iced tea tasted weird ( earthy ? ) so i got root beer instead . the sandwich was delicious . their meats are always fresh and yummy . the bread was soft and good . the beans are very good as well . the meal also came with a pickle . it was more than enough food and i could n't finish it all . the cafe was quiet which is a nice alternative to many of the places we eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so recently it was my birthday , so i did one of those birthday deal searches on google and this place came up ... so i joined there website yoda yoda ... . i got a coupon for signing up with them and another coupon for it being my birthday ... 2 ham sandwiches , and it was awesome because they were n't buy on get one deals either ... 2 honest to god coupons ... sooooo the food was phenomenal ! ! ! ! ! ! the best ham sandwich ever , well ... that can be purchased at a restaurant . the ham was delish ... also there sides are yummy , and well obviously you can just about get any kind oh ham there , they also offer all types of meats , ribs , bacon ? chicken etc , etc . and the building is pristine , was treated well by staff , even spoke with the owner who was a cool guy . definitly worth yelping about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did not know the honey baked ham store served lunch , but my husband and i were at costco across the street so decided to try it . pleasantly surprised ! staff was friendly . food was good . lots of ham and turkey on our sandwiches . only $ 7.29 for a sandwich and soup or salad . very clean . the only reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that we wanted salt and pepper , and then later i also needed a to go box ( because it was a big sandwich ) and the staff was back in the kitchen area and with no way to get anyone to help us had to wait until they came back to the counter . i suggest a `` bell '' on the counter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best quality meats for sandwiches hands down , when you compare it to jj 's or subway around here . i usually get their club on croissant and man , it 's so good ! their sides are always fresh and you can tell it 's made on location , not made in a factory and shipped in plastic bags here . they 're kind of hidden in the corner , so i think that 's the only reason more people do n't know about hbh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ham . no complaints here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good sandwich 's at a fair price from the moment you walk in the door at the honeybaked ham company cafe you are greeted with friendly smiles . i have stopped in for a quick sandwich on several occasions and have always had a good experience . the honeybaked ham company cafe offers good sandwiches at a fair price . thr cafe is small however , the honey baked ham has a wonderful selection of sandwiches . the most challenging part of your visit is selecting a sandwich . there 's the stacker , tavern club , ham salad , and my favorite the chicken salad which is always a good lunch choice . if your looking for a quick bite to eat , stop by the honeybaked ham company cafe the food is always good and the staff is friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the `` make your own sandwich '' option . not a cheap lunch , but so fresh it 's worth it . friendly staff and quick service . great place for lunch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great food the service is always first class and will do what it takes to make you happy . i love there club their para to soup is amazing . stop by for lunch it is worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and helpful . delicious sandwich that tastes homeade . ham and mustard were both great . potato salad was fresh . prices were very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i went here and got the bbq smoked stacker and the ham classic with a potato salad . it was really good , the sandwiches are stacked with ham . the facility was also very clean . for a semi fast sandwich , this was a great choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in one of these stores , very busy today for the holidays , pleasent staff and clean looking in store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly , fast , and fresh . great customer service . delish sandwiches and the price was very reasonable . clean . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely stunning and extremely professional . after leaving multiple pharmacies in tears due to how rude they were and how much my prescription was going to cost , i finally found potter 's house , and what a blessing it has been ! from the first phone call , to picking up my prescription today it has been such a great experience . everyone has been so helpful and friendly , and this place is beautiful and so clean ! my prescription was literally a tiny fraction of the cost of every other pharmacy . i am so thankful for potter 's house and will recommend to everyone i know ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am really impressed with their customer focus . i had some questions concerns about something and brought it to their attention . the response was immediate to address my concerns and restore my confidence . they really took the time to listen to my concern and were very respectful and kind in the process . i dealt directly with kevin ( president ceo ) and alex ( pharmacist ) . i would give them both a big thumbs up ! ! i would definitely recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , when you walk in this place it 's beautiful and does n't feel like a cold pharmacy at all . i like that . also like the big windows into the lab areas so one can see the pharmacists making the compounds . the quality of their compounds is great with the typical 2-3 day turn around time for compounding . the main problem is their hours of operation . they are open 8am-6pm monday-friday , no weekend hours at all . super inconvenient hours . even if they were open one hour later in the evening it would be easier to get there after work , or be open saturday . it 's nearly impossible for me to pick up my prescriptions , so i always end up paying the extra $ 10 delivery fee . i 'm grateful that delivery is at least an option . it 's difficult to find compounding pharmacies , so i assume this is how they get away with bankers hours . otherwise , really like this pharmacy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have used them for around 2 years to compound medication for our son with autism . have been happy with everything until receiving a new medication last week . was told one thing by insurance , another by them . going to pay self pay price until everything gets figured out . i am too frustrated getting different answers from everyone . i would think the pharmacy would have been able to call the insurance to try to help us . other than this going on , the pharmacy is a very nice facility and staff has been helpful until this incident .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great pharmacy . very professional , discreet and the place is clean ! if you need consultation , you 'll be taken into a really nice warm comfortable room . if they do n't have what you need they will come up with a solution .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so awesome ! the atmosphere was casual . the employees were wearing jeans and converse shoes . it looked like a fun place to work ! the employees were friendly and efficient . the pharmacists took time to tell me about my prescription and also talked to me about some of the over the counter vitamins and things that they had for sale . outside was a super cool old vw bug with the pharmacy name on it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow what a clean and professional pharmacy . i 've never seen a pharmacy quite like it . maybe because it 's not a big chain pharmacy . but the staff was super professional , polite and knowledgeable . i 'm not sure what the main difference is between a compounding vs a regular pharmacy but potters is step above any pharmacy i 've ever been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gil has been cutting my hair for about 9 years now . you can always count on a nice fade and a consistently great cut . best barber in the city ! ! thank you gil .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to gil and linda for over four years . they recently moved to a much more spacious salon and thus will be adding esthetics services as well . gil and linda are perfectionists , every time i go there my hair is perfect whether it is highlights , colour , cuts and blow drys . i travel over an hour , each way , to get to them because they are worth it . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for such a great service . have been visiting gil for haircuts for a long time , maybe 4-5 years . and i am always happy with the service ! very accurate and detailed job . exactly what i ask for . good luck ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best customer service ever hands down - professionals at what they do , and are great people to boot . i cant say enough good things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was not very good at all . the portions are very small , yet the prices are average if not slightly more . it also seems like they will try to sell anything that can make money - edamame , boba teas , gyozas , whatever . not a fan .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here , after moving from long beach , ca . i was expecting some good home cooked korean food . this place did not have kimchi ... really ... no kimchi ? your name is red kimchi ! ! ! they told me the market price of napa cabbage was too high , so they could n't make it . i need to go no further in this review . it would be a waste of my time , and yours . i think you get the picture , the rest of the meal was comensurate with the first impression .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not . good . shameful korean food and side dishes being served up to unsuspecting , nice white folks . why is the soft tofu soup lukewarm ? where is the egg ? where is the stone bowl rice ? why are the side dishes so bad ? i 'm ashamed for you , red kimchi !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in line for dutch brothers coffee when i saw the sign for this korean restaurant . i was excited to try it . i was a bit hesitant at first based on some of the reviews . however , my experience was actually pretty good . i ordered bulgolgi and it was very soft and flavorful . the side dishes they give were good and the server kept them full . when we were finished , we waited for the bill for a while . because we were waiting so long and could n't wave anyone down , i had to go up to someone and asked for the bill . that is the reason for the 4 star experience . i am definitely coming back , and i hope to update the review to see what is consistent . overall , i would still recommend the place to friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is not very good . the daeji bulgogi is soaked in marinade to the point where you ca n't find the meat . it 's swimming in sauce ! when you finally find a piece of pork , it 's mostly fat . yuck . i prefer hodori in mesa . it 's a little bit of a drive , but i think it 's worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ahhh ! finally a korean restaurant by me ! traveling up and down searching for good korean food can be hard and tiresome . this one 's right down the street from me . at first i thought it was just called korean restaurant ( that 's some originality ! ) , but did n't see the little sign `` red kimchi '' on the side . i 'm not a big fan of korean bbq since i like the way i smell : ) haha ! what i 'm a big fan of is the tofu seafood soup - mmm so warm and toasty in my tummy ! red kimchi is what i expect from a korean restaurant -- good tofu soup , hite beer , great service , and good asian decors and design -- very clean bathroom by the way haha ! - enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here on a friday night ! just finished dinner : ) quite some people , they only have two servers here tonight so the panchan came out pretty slow . ordered sootofu and bibimpam the portion is a little small , but satiates . will come here when i do n't feel like driving to the east valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really delicious food and the waitress was very kind too , even though her english is somewhat lacking . it does n't matter . the food was very good and when out side dishes were gone , she replaced whichever needed replacing almost instantly . one small thing that i do n't like that much is that the samgyupsal ( pork belly ) was frozen . other than that , it 's okay . i recommend this place for people looking for korean food or is near asu tempe and wants korean food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to give it up for this place because as far as i know , they are the only place in the valley that serves my all-time favorite dish , dolseot bibimbap ( rice with vegetables and eggs served in a sizzling hot stone bowl ! ) korean food is fantastic , if only because no matter what you order , you are presented with a number of side dishes as part of the meal . the prices are pushing reasonable limits , but i suppose they factor the side dishes into that . the only reason this place does n't get a full five stars from me is because there was a very strange , metallic smell towards the front of the restaurant when you first come in , which could compromise the appetites of some . so be forewarned . but my food was great and i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing for several reasons : 1 . as soon as i entered the restaurant , a bad odor greeted me . i ca n't imagine enjoying dinner with that smell . 2 . i ordered my food togo and was shocked by how bad the food was . their tofu beef soup tasted powdery and it had chewy cubes of beef in it . their bibimap barely had any meat in it and was nothing special . i could have done a better job . 3 . it was expensive for such a poor meal . will not be returning . save your time and your money and go to takamatsu instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything tasted terrible . the side dishes looked rotten and the soon doo boo was bland . the owner was also preoccupied with watching a show on the laptop so he didnt even know i walked in ... .. makes me apprecite bcd even more now back in cali", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a cute little family owned spot , i 've been here twice now , and have had great experiences both times . since my mom is korean , i have pretty high expectations for korean food , and this place did not disappoint ! the food is definitely authentic , and the owner is very friendly . we went once on a thursday night , and there were a few other parties there , but not very crowded . the next time , we got carry out on a saturday night and when we went to pick it up , the place was packed ! the carry out did not take very long , probably 20 minutes total from ordering to pickup . we have tried all the staples , dolsot bibimbap , galbi , and bulgogi . they all come with the normal side dishes , and are all delicious . there is so much food , but make sure to save room for the green tea mochi ice cream because that is the best part !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is totally a joke . it 's the worst korean restaurant i have been to . it took 10 minutes to get a drink and 30+ minutes to get your food served . we went there on a friday night and there was only one server ! ! the environment is bad and the smoke is everywhere . it 's our first time and also the last time to dine here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything is delicious . you ca n't go wrong with the dolsot bibimbap and the galbi is extremely tender and flavorful . they give generous portions of the banchan sides and the people are very friendly and accommodating . i recommend if you 're looking for good korean food in the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small ass portions . smaller than a normal person 's stomach . one `` from the grill '' barely can feed two normal sized adults . service is slow , especially if you have kids and non koreans . food is surprisingly good but expensive as buffet style . repeat : small portions . all other reviews failed to mention this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been craving korean food for awhile , and since there are a dearth of korean restaurants in scottsdale , i was excited when i found red kim chi , near my house in south scottsdale . we stopped in one night right after work , around 5 , so it was super quiet ; just one other table was seated . i had my personal favorite , bibimbap , in a stone pot . my husband had the bulgogi , and both dishes were very good . the restaurant itself was pretty basic , no frills , asian decor . the service was friendly , and quick . the prices were a little bit pricey for a very casual korean restaurant , but not so high as to dissuade me from going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like carmized food , my wife calls it `` burnt '' but there is a difference . the stone pot bibimbap here has nicly carmized rice at the bottom and they are more than willing to replace the meat with tofu here . the kimchi and other sides were delectable their soft tofu soup was full of flavor overall a decent korean otpion , just do n't execpt to be stuffed by ordering just one dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed by my visit here . i stood up front , waiting to be seated for about 5 minutes . the employees made eye contact with me on several occasions and made no indication that i was able to seat myself and or were about to assist me . i am a big fan of korean food , but an even bigger advocate of good customer service . i am unable to provide a rating for the food , as i eventually walked out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst korean food ever . marinated beef has no taste or sauce . i ordered jasmin tea . but i got regular green tea bag . kimchi soup was cooked with chicken noodle soup broth . if you want authentic korean food - do not step in to this place ! did i mention the price is also off limit ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first visit , 5 of us for dinner and all raved about the food . noted many koreans dining . second visit , 2 for dinner and it again was very , very good . c.j . young , the manager owner ? is a hoot . the waiter is quite expressionless and non-communicative but the food was excellent . we are big on soups , and not disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh god , this place was awful . this is hands down the worst korean food i have tasted in my life ( no exaggeration ) . this is what korean food would probably taste like in rural north dakota ( no offense , north dakotans ! ) . i really have nothing good to say about this place . this place is expensive and serves significantly smaller portions than typical korean restaurants . the $ 15 seafood pancake ( which had very little seafood and tasted very fishy gross ) was half the size of what would typically served . the $ 10 soft tofu stew was bland and came in a very small pot ( almost like a small bowl ) ; the beef in there was extremely tough . our server ( very likely the owner ) was inattentive and stingy with side dishes ; we had to ask him to refill twice because it was simply not enough . the portions started off small , but only got smaller and smaller as we asked for more . if you want decent korean food , drive a few miles south to hodori .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go here with my girlfriend and i had the very best ribs ever . it 's called galbi , basically it 's sliced beef ribs with korean spices and flavoring . the restaurant owner is extremely friendly , and offers great service . we 've gotten takeout before as well as we got extra kimchi at request at no extra cost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from ca , it 's hard to find a good tofu house here in az ... but here it is ! ! ! the owners do n't speak great english but , with the sense of humor the husband owner has ... .this place is going to be such a hit ! ! comsamida ' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "half of my kalbi was cold and the solution to the problem was to order more and get i would get a little extra ? no thank you . portions are even smaller when ordered to go as well . what happened to this place ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had lunch at the restaurant with a party of four and decided to select from the dinner menu : as shared appetizers we took the kimchi pancake and the plate with rice cakes followed by , for each of us , the dolsot bibimbap . having lived for 4 years in korea , i was really surprised by the authentic taste of the preparations and the quality of the food . my guests who have been frequenting regularly korean restaurants in japan were equally pleased and together we finished the whole meal up until the last rice grain . the service was friendly and the prices reasonable ( although not as cheap as those of the lunch menu ) . the set up of the dining area was simple and clean , which also contributed to an authentic asian ambiance for all four of us . definitively a place to come back any time soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i actually enjoy this place very much . as far as the food goes , i think everything i 've tried has been wonderful . the atmosphere is authentic asian korean , although not really up to american standards . i highly recommend at least swinging by for the boboa teas though . it 's conveniently off scottsdale road and perfect if you want to grab a drink to go ( alternative to starbucks ) . the owner is very friendly and attentive despite being understaffed at peak hours . the price is a bit high , but it 's well worth it since some of the dishes can not be found elsewhere in the area ( unless your mom is korean ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is delicious . the service is excellent . since there are not many korean places in town this one is a good place to try . i love that they play korean music in the background ( mostly k pop ) . i tell all my friends to go here and i usually take them with me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food : authentic korean food . mom & pop style . i had the dolsot bibimbap and yook je jang , which were both excellent . accompanied by 6 side plates . it is easily the best and most authentic korean food that i 've had in scottsdale , mainly because there are no other korean restaurants in scottsdale . service ambience : prompt and friendly service . the food took relatively long to come out , but not excessively long . the decor of this place is hilariously uncoordinated -- random artwork and decor pieces . makes it feel home-y . overall : considering this is the only korean restaurant in the scottsdale area , i give it 4-stars . if it were anywhere in california , i would give it 2 stars . i 'll come back to try the bbq", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden in a strip mall , looking very much like its also a second hand store . but the waitress , possibly the owner , was super sweet and i loved watching her deliver food to tables with her tiny shuffle steps . the food was pretty decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this place while i was in search of a korean restaurant to go to while a long-time friend was in town , and since i 've gone here several times . the food is excellent , the boba tea smoothie coffee ( i particularly like the mocha boba ! ) are to die for , and service is excellent . the noise levels are always low ( mostly because not many people in this area crave korean ) , but there 's usually some k-pop playing in the background so it 's not totally silent . the price is the only thing that keeps me from going there more often , but the quality of the food is definitely worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was there celebrating a birthday . the service was horrible from the hostess to the server to the bartender . it was my 1st ( and last ) time there , and i had some questions on the menu . the server was not knowledgeable and recommend the soft tofu , which i am now suffering from food poisoning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we enjoyed this overpriced place . we got some at table meats to cook , had fun cooking them with owners supervision , and good overall service . the pickled foods at table were good . we love the table cooking when we can afford it , no complaints . would go back . and they have beer . the big kirins ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been craving korean food since i left nyc and had access to `` little korea '' , wow was i impressed with the galbi , portions were ok , somewhat pricey but food was great so i do n't sweat it . owner was very friendly and take out was quick . would definitely go back again and again . try the galbi beef , made from angus cuts . yummy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my dining companion and i have been here several times over the past few years . the food is consistently good . i usually get the dolsot bibimpap , which is excellent . it comes with six add-ons including kimchi and pickled red onions-delicious ! it is a low-key place -- you can escape the busy restaurants of old town scottsdale . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is authentic , but not fresh or of good quality . dining area is filthy ( sticky tables , dirty floor , foul odor ) and was full of gnats . so many in our food and all over the table and swarming around our faces that we were not able and did not want to eat . we had to leave the food on the table and go elsewhere . even if this place were bug-free , i would not eat here again . poor quality food and not a clean establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went for boba and am so happy i found this treasure . i had thai tea and it was made in smoothie form with the most delicious chewy boba . i might have to make the 30 minute trek just for this delicious drink ! the gentleman that helped was also very nice . he had just made a fresh batch of boba . he also wanted to make sure i was happy with my beverage . you will not regret a boba purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to find some good korean bbq and ran across this place . the beef ribs were excellent , spicy pork was decent . the service there was very slow like nonexistent . did n't enjoy the rice with beef and veggies as had a different seaweed flavor with it . took a bite and right away let them know but ended up still paying for the uneaten meal . i 'll probably look elsewhere next time or just stick to the beef ribs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being korean i love trying new places . i was n't impressed with this restaurant though . the kimchi was tasteless and the bibimbop was more lettuce than anything . the chicken my son got was incredible so i may try this restraunt again . also the waitress was extra attentive and was pleasant to deal with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had just arrived at phoenix and craving for some korean food . found this one and we were very impressed with the food and service . food was not top notch but very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i concur with any three-star concurrence . red kimchi well yeah it was good . it just was n't great . it 's kind a hard to explain since i 've been to other korean restaurants were some of the food is just amazingly flavorful . i got the bim bop and it was good , and it came with all the accoutrements . and i love the korean pickled vegetables , you 're so good at it . the service is very good , at first i thought i was kind of left out being a single diner , however , this is a very family oriented restaurant and apparently the staff was playing with everybody 's baby . but , they did come to me and the service was just fine . the restaurant is clean and he did have his share of customers . maybe i just was n't happy with the bim bop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dolsot bibambap and tofu soup were quite tasty ! side dishes were average , with the cucumbers especially being a little too bland . friendly service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great family owned local restaurant . always on my lists of places to stop and eat lunch . really good prices and the owner is very friendly . the lunch specials are very decently priced and you get a lot of food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here frequently , and my favorite dishes are always consistently delicious . there was a review by j g. these workers are very polite and of gentle nature . their service is better than those pushy waiters at other restaurants i have been to . when you do come in , do sit wherever you please , because they aim to please . if you like being told what to do , go somewhere else . they are quick with their drinks . at one point , one of the staff let me taste different soju because i was buying the same stuff . do no listen to rants of others . go try for yourself . it gets busy from time to time , but they are always trying to be quick as humanly possible . they do not rush you , so you can leave when you are done at your own pace .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here many times and always have a good experience . the food is amazing ! kimchi and bulgogi are fresh and highly recommended . the best part , besides the food , is the owner h.s . every time we go , the soju flows like water and hs has stories for days ! dude is freaking hilarious ! great location and a fun place for dinner and drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "killer sushi and funny host ! awesome job guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever we travel we always look for a korean restaurant and red kimchi was the only place that we found in the area . we went there on tuesday evening around 8pm and were greeted by friendly owner . my husband ordered dumpling soup as a starter and he loved it . my seaweed soup was good as well . we shared the hot stone pot bibimbop and spicy squid saute for the main course . the bibimbop was very delicious . my husband especially enjoyed the burnt rice in the bottom . the squid saut\u00e9 wad tasty but was not very spicy for us . the owner said he was afraid to make it too spicy . there were only five side dishes and the portions were very small . overall , we were happy with the meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent korean restaurant . i tried their spicy chicken ( so-so ) , galbi & tofu stew ( both mediocre at best ) . the restaurant is always empty every time i went there . service can be rather slow since they do n't staff it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff at this place is great , and the food is even better ! my boyfriend got the tofu soup and loved it , while i got the flavor-packed bulgogi . we cleaned our plates and did n't leave a grain of rice behind ! the owner is so funny and accommodating , and the servers are so kind . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! i ca n't believe how great the service is . i had variety of things here . sushi was great . the portion is a lot for the price . for scottsdale , it 's the average price but definitely much more portion . gamjatang is to die for ! ! ! side dishes are blend & i was told it 's because for health reason ... which i agree but does need a little bit more flavor . i ca n't rave more enough about this place . i do n't know how i never found this place sooner . they also have my favorite drink ( hwayo 23 ) . i will be a regular here for sure . definitely try the tuna tataki salad for sure if you like good sushi & something healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am really digging this restaurant right now . i was stationed in south korea way back in 2002 and two things i really missed after coming back to the states ( specifically arizona ) , were ddeokbokki and ramyeon . these two food items are as ubiquitous as tacos are here ; but they are seldom found in most korean restaurants in the u.s. since they are considered `` street food '' for the most part . this place has them on the menu ! now , i did n't try the staple bulgogi , bibimbap , or samgyeopsul , so i ca n't comment on those . but ddeokbokki ! seriously ! ? ... awesome . also , the wait staff seemed nice and there is a cozy atmosphere . i could see myself coming here again with some friends and having a good night out . .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i spent 20 years in korea , returning to the usa a few years ago . i was really disappointed in this restaurant . the lunch menu was served on a plastic tray with compartments , not korean style . no banchan , no traditional accompaniments . the american rice had no flavor and was mushy and warm . the fried mandu was not crisp , but limp and dripping in oil . nothing served tasted ethnic , not even the kimchi , and the service was uneven and surly . avoid this restaurant . go to hodori at dobson and southern instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very decent korean place . i liked the one on bethany home rd but it closed . nothing fancy , but good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love everyone who works here , so nice ! took my grandma here and she would n't stop talking about the homely taste . recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love korean food and this was a poor excuse for it . i got bulgogi and it looked like it was done in a skillet with just some soy sauce . tasted plain and i did n't even finish it . never coming back : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was here with husband for lunch . when our orders were arrived on the table , the old sides were awful and very disappointed . hamul soon tofu soup was not good , too . i never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am having a late lunch stop for the first visit . as with many international family run small business restaurants i understand the simple decor . it is all about the food . it is larger than it appears and has many korean favorites on the menu . k-pop on the soundsystem and sushi rolls on the menu too . grateful to have a korean bbq place nearby . it has a decent variety to the menu . i ordered dalk bulgolgi- chickengrilled marinated korean style", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times and love the bulgogi and dolsot bibimbap and the banchan but today i tried the ahi bap which is simply one of the most delicious things i 've ever eaten . it came in the hot stone pot like the dolsot bibimbap with the delicious crusty rice at the bottom but had ingredients that were new to me . because it 's a japanese rather than a korean dish it did n't come with the banchan i love but the black milk tea with boba was superb . i love bibimbap so much i 've bought the authentic stoneware bowls and made the dish at home but when i 'm lazy and want someone else to do the prep , red kimchi is a welcoming and reasonably priced alternative . service was attentive and prompt . now i wish i had the ahi bap recipe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live close by and everything i 've eaten here has been good . love the side dishes and they also make very good nigiri sushi too . no place else to get delicious kimchi on the side so this is my spot . staff is very attentive , polite , and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "traveled across town to this korean restaurant . the food was good . the service was ok , not the best . we had bulgogi chicken and beef , seafood pancake , tried their boba drinks , and their variety of korean little dishes . the bulgogi was good , everything else was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered bibimbap and a few bbq items along with a variety of boba drinks which were all pretty good . really friendly and entertaining staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a definite must . great bibimbap and even better atmosphere . we showed up 30 min before close and they did n't even bat an eye , just rolled out the cart and got to cooking right in front of us . we did the bulgogi table side , which did not disappoint . the kimchi was great , and the pickled beans and tofu were a tasty surprise . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice family owned restaurant . good taste . lots of rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live in scottsdale , and this is the closest korean restaurant . we 've been here multiple times since moving here . it is definitely a mom and pop type place . the waiter hostess is likely the husband or brother of the cook . the food is delicious , i 've had the tofu soup , bulgogi , kimchi fried rice , bibimap , kalbi . it 's all excellent . the only complaint i have is that it does take a long time for your food to come out but it is well worth it . i wish their menu was a little bit larger with more selection and authentic dishes like takamatsu but i 'll have to drive there if i want that . the staff has always been friendly and i hope they continue to do well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was subpar . ordered the seafood soondobu and the seafood did not seem fresh and the soup had no taste except for spicy . the `` dinner '' portion for kalbi was also small and the beef excessively fatty for the almost $ 20 price tag . the small dishes panjang including the kimchee , sprouts were sparse and not fresh either . the service was decent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a little bit hard to find the right place because there are so many restaurants over there . but the dishes are so great ! i ordered spicy grilled chicken and grilled pork . they can grill those things for u in a traditional way instead of doing that by yourselves . they gave us a dish of fruits with cream as a dessert for free . i think i will ask more friends to go with me next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why there are bad reviews . the food was very good , both the main course and the side dishes . the waiter was very nice as well , so i do n't know why there 's hate on the service ! we were one of only two tables but i would definitely go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yep this place sucked . horrible service . miso soup had no flavor . meat was small portions compared to competition .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was kind of bland , a bit overpriced . my girlfriend and i were the only people in the restaurant . owner was nice . however , definitely got food poisoning . got ahl bap and a soft tofu and kimchi soup . kimchi was the best part .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yes ok , the decor is wanting as others have suggested . the chef has worked and trained at okura hotel in tokyo . his japanese is even top notch . but i didnt go here for japanese food . bibimpap for me and tofu seafood soup for my wife . food was excellent . but i would definitley go back , the owner does tons of magical tricks and he is a great entertainer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : 1 . excellent food . i 've never had a meal that was less than absolutely fabulous here . the korean side dishes are amazing and the kimchee is amazing . 2 . good service . 3 . nice variety of dishes . cons : 1 . i live in n. scottsdale , so it 's a little far . seriously , i really enjoy eating here . clean , comfortable and a little funny because of the disco lights and the speakers so it 's got that `` probably an underground korean dance club '' feel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "war neulich in ludwigsburg auf der durchreise und hab ein modernes `` erlebnisrestaurant '' kennengelernt - jedenfalls war der besuch ein erlebnis ... auf dem foto kann man den lachs sehen - innen roh und kalt ; daf\u00fcr roch er aber ordentlich nach fisch . ; - um es `` positiv '' zu sagen : eine mischung aus mediterran und sushi . alternativ habe ich eine maultasche geordert , die frei jeglicher w\u00fcrzung war - und ebenfalls kalt . aber zuviel salz ist eh ungesund und zu hei\u00df geht auf den magen ! ; - ) wenigstens die kellnerin war freundlich ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the food here . typical swabian food . great feel inside the bar , 25 year old and they brew their own beer . love the pork shank with sauerkraut . love the different grilled meats served on cheese pasta love their light beer . clean and fast service . the family definitely comes here for dinner on a week day and will definitely come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , sitz grad im brauhaus . eigentlich ganz nett , gute schw\u00e4bische k\u00fcche , gutes bier und das publikum wie die k\u00fcche.gut b\u00fcrgerlich halt ; ) ) aaaaber der dj.ach du scheisse.ich brauch mehr bier ; ) ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a beer and some dinner outside one night - friendly service , excellent food , great beer . was happy to have stumbled upon this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute deutsche k\u00fcche . reservierung erforderlich . es ist immer recht gut besucht , deshalb kann es sein , dass man etwas l\u00e4nger auf das essen warten muss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir haben mal wieder qype genutzt und sind auf dieses brauhaus gesto\u00dfen . an dieser stelle mal danke an alle die hier `` posten '' - qype hat mir schon viele gute location verraten ... . : - ) wir ( arbeitskollege und ich waren anl\u00e4sslich einer wundersch\u00f6nen home & garden hier in ludwigsburg ) also wir sind touris ... ; - ) erwartet haben wir einen sch\u00f6nen gem\u00fctlichen biergarten eines brauhauses , bei dem man auch gute bodenst\u00e4ndige regionale gerichte bekommt . kurz und knapp , das bier war lecker . das essen m\u00e4\u00dfig . die g\u00e4ste waren schon etwas gereift aber dennoch r\u00fcstig . die bedienungen waren auch m\u00e4\u00dfig motiviert . alles in allem k\u00f6nnen wir nur 2 geben .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das angebotene essen ist lecker und die postionen riesig . leider gibt es au\u00dfer salat wenig auswahl f\u00fcr den kleinen hunger . gem\u00fcse ist nicht auf der karte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich bin voll der fan vom rosskecht.leckeres schw\u00e4bisches essen und uriges restaurent , super nettes und zu vorkommendes personal . und die k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle mit speck sind zum rein legen ! ! ! und ausserdem ist es auch raucher freundlich : o ) ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr rustikale hausbrauerei in der n\u00e4he des holzmarktes in ludwigsburg . sehr rustikal eingerichtet . man sitzt an langen tischen auf b\u00e4nken , die teilw . keine lehne haben . nachdem wir nicht reservieren konnten , sind wir nach dem besuch des weihnachtsmarktes einfach vorbeigegangen und hatten gl\u00fcck , dass ein tisch bezahlte . die begr\u00fc\u00dfung war etwas unwirsch und auch die bestellungen wurden etwas m\u00fcrrisch von einem herrn entgegengenommen . das bier aus eigener produktion hat uns gut geschmeckt . sowohl das bockbier , alsauch das pilsener . deftige deutsche k\u00fcche . es gab tellerfleisch , s\u00fclze und n\u00fcrnberger w\u00fcrsten . allerdings mu\u00dften wir mehrfach nach dem zu den n\u00fcrnberger geh\u00f6renden krautsalat fragen . nette kneipe , gut besucht mit einer k\u00fcche an der auslastungsgrenze . die wartezeit f\u00fcr das essen war einfach zu lang !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr entt\u00e4uschend ! wir sa\u00dfen zu zweit an einem gr\u00f6\u00dferen tisch und wurden nach bestellung ( ! ) gebeten , an einen anderen zu gehen , weil hier eine georderte gruppe kommt . es war nur kein anderer platz frei ! und dann noch dumme kommentare : '' hier ist ihr bier - wollen sie nun trinken oder nicht '' . update 17.1 . es kam nun eine reaktion des managements , so dass ich bereit bin , einen neuen anlauf zu starten : - )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das restaurant hat eine urig gem\u00fctliche innenausttatung und ein ambiente , dass zum geselligen beisammensein einl\u00e4dt . das essen ist ok , rechtfertigt aber in keinem fall den preis . die portionen sind relativ klein . ich habe die g\u00e4nsekeule mit blaukraut und kartoffelklo\u00df gegessen ( ca . 15 \u20ac ) . an der gans war kaum fleisch dran und man schmeckte raus , dass das essen schon l\u00e4nger stand . der kartoffelklo\u00df war sehr lecker und das blaukraut mit apfelst\u00fcckchen ebenfalls . die bedienungen waren freundlich , auch wenn aufgrund des gro\u00dfen ansturms an einem samstagabend ziemlich kurz angebunden und hektisch . f\u00fcr unsere hohe rechnung haben wir am ende auch keinen beleg bekommen . was da berechnet wurde , bleibt das geheimnis des kellners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich bin \u00fcberrascht , dass der rossknecht in ludwigsburg bisher eher durchschnittliche bewertungen bekommen hat . um es vonrweg zu nehmen : ein besuch lohnt sich auf jeden fall . die k\u00fcche ist traditionell schw\u00e4bisch . das essen absolut lecker und nicht zu vergessen selbstgebrautes bier ! viele besucher gehen ausschlie\u00dflich zum biertrinken in den rossknecht . gr\u00fcnde unbedingt einmal in den rossknecht zu gehen : - das essen ist rustikal + sehr lecker ! - selbstgebrautes bier ... unbedingt probieren- location ist rustikal , b\u00fcrgerlich eingerichtet- freundle bedienung- preis leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis ist ok verbesserungspotential : - die r\u00e4ume sind recht niedrig ( was sich wohl kaum \u00e4ndern l\u00e4sst ) - wenn das restaurant voll ist , muss man oft lange warten bis sich eine bedienung blicken l\u00e4sst .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein wir kamen gegen halb 1 mittags und gingen gegen 15:00 weg . wir waren 17 leute und hatten einen angenehmen aufenthalt mit gutem essen . vielen dank ! bedienung es war viel los , aber die bedienung kam prompt und war nett ! wir sa\u00dfen bei der t\u00fcr zur k\u00fcche . das war beim begr\u00fc\u00dfen und vor dem gehen sicherlich nicht optimal , aber die bedienung war trotz stress geduldig . das essen ich habe n\u00fcrnberger w\u00fcrstchen mit bratkartoffeln und sauerkraut gegessen . meine frau hatte das gleiche gericht . die anderen hatten ganz unterschiedliche gericht , aber alle waren sehr zufrieden . ich finde das preis-leistungsveth\u00e4ltnis absolut in ordnung . das ambiente wenn man eine urige , gem\u00fctliche und rustikale brauereigastst\u00e4tte sucht , dann hat man sie hier gefunden . ich gehe auch gerne gediegen essen ( waldhorn am schloss ) oder angesagter ( joe penas ) . beim rossknecht ist es eben ein waschechtes brauhaus . sauberkeit kann hier nicht klagen , bin aber auch nicht empfindlich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren gestern das nach einer l\u00e4ngeren pause mal wieder im rossknecht und wirklich sehr entt\u00e4uscht . vor 1 1 2 jahren gab es dort eine wirklich super gute k\u00fcche , die einen mit dem gem\u00fctlichen gastraum und dem ausgezeichneten bier ruhig \u00f6fters in die wirtschaft ziehen konnte . den sch\u00f6nen gastraum gibt es weiterhin , das bier ist weiterhin richtig gut , aber das essen war ( alle 4 gerichte ) richtig mies . ich hatte trockenes fleisch auf geschmacksneutralen , definitiv nicht mehr selbstgemachten sp\u00e4tzle , mein mann ebenso trockene bratkartoffeln und kaltes schweineschnitzel . es ist wahnsinnig schade , aber zum essen kann man da nicht mehr hingehen . man sitzt nett im biergarten , vielleicht sollte man sich darauf und auf ein gutes bier beschr\u00e4nken", "score": "2"}
{"review": "war mitte april spontan und ohne reservierung hier . der erste eindruck war echt gut , da fast alle tische besetzt waren und wir gerade noch so einen platz ergattern konnten . letztlich mussten wir aber feststellen , dass das restaurant mittelm\u00e4\u00dfig ist . ( daher 3 sterne ) warum ? das selbstgebraute bier ist ok. das essen ist einfach und schmeckt , f\u00fcr die qualit\u00e4t aber leider etwas zu teuer . nett ist die brauhaus-atmosph\u00e4re . bei gutem wetter ist der au\u00dfenbereich bestimmt eine bereicherung .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gutes bier , leckeres essen . brauhausbrezel = leberk\u00e4se in brezel , lecker . von unserer gruppe au\u00dferdem getestet : maultaschen , k\u00e4sesp\u00e4tzle , schlachtplatte . nicht so gut war das brauerbrot . das h\u00e4tte deftig sein k\u00f6nnen . gute preise f\u00fcr das essen , nette bedienungen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "als gruppe reserviert , gutes essen , alle waren zufrieden", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nun , ich mag den rossknecht , bin \u00f6fters dort und finde das bier auch klasse . der brunch jedoch , um den es heute geht , gibt es in anderen stellen in und um lubu besser . wenig auswahl , keine salami , kein schinken , nur kraut- und karottensalat , das warme essen , auf das ich spekulierte , war bald weg und wurde durch ein anderes ersetzt ... wie andere schon gesagt haben , das ambiente ist klasse , aber den sonntagsbrunch kann ich leider nicht empfehlen ... die bedienung war sehr aufmerksam und hat sich gek\u00fcmmert , aber beim bueffet ist durchaus handlungsbedarf gegeben .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "klar geh\u00f6rt der rossknecht mit seiner traditionell schw\u00e4bischen k\u00fcche zu ludwigsburg , und auch wenn wir beim essen schon das ein oder andere mal das gef\u00fchl hatten , dass das preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis nicht passt , verschl\u00e4gt es uns schon immer mal wieder dort hin . sch\u00f6n ist es vor allem , seit der biergarten aussen angelegt wurdeund das bier ist auch superlecker.also empfehlenswert an einem sch\u00f6nen sommerabend ! ! ! auch bei unsrem gestrigen besuch hat das `` drumrum '' wieder gepasst , allerdings war das essen leider wieder nicht so doll.der zwiebelrostbraten war noch ein bisschen sehr blutig und der spanferkelbraten sehr trocken . naja , und das mit der preis-leistung wird sich hier wohl nicht mehr \u00e4ndern , ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmmm ! superleckeres essen , sch\u00f6nes , orginelles ambiente . ansolut empfehlenswert . ein muss f\u00fcr bier fans", "score": "4"}
{"review": "group of fifteen of us ate here and basically we occupied a side room from 17-23 . made up of five or six rooms in one of which you can smoke . spiral staircase down to the toilets with big window views into their working brewery . excellent beers with weizen , dark and seasonal on offer . foodwise there is an excellent offer of three course for 22 euro . we had mixed plate for two consisting of massive helpings of swabian delights . excellent service and value . recommended", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich bin h\u00e4ufig im rossknecht und genie\u00dfe den aufenthalt dort jedes mal . besonders an den w\u00e4rmer tagen verzaubert das restaurant mit einigen au\u00dfenpl\u00e4tzen im gem\u00fctlichen halbschatten . das hauseigene bier ist einfach nur lecker und die gerichte sind gro\u00df . trotzdem im preis fair und das essen ist unglaublich lecker . im inneren ist die stube stilvoll eingerichtet und der service ist immer freundlich und fix . alles in allem ein sch\u00f6nes restaurant mit leckeren schw\u00e4bischen gerichten , tollem bier und fairen preisen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first stop after the hotel to check our bags - wonderful place . seasonal bock beer was nice , but the wheat beer was super smooth , a cleaner taste than the bavarian wheats . enormous ( typical german size ) plates of very , very good swabian food . the walk past the central square was quite entertaining as it was right at the lunch hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das einzig gute an diesem abend war das freibier ( 0,3 ! ! ! ) nach einem richtig miesem rostbraten , welcher mit halbrohen zwiebeln kartoffeln plus eimerso\u00dfe lauwarm noch w\u00e4hrend der vorspeise serviert wurde . wer nur bier zur ziggi und dabei die grandiose bierdeckelgalerie bestaunen m\u00f6chte ist hier richtig.1 stern f\u00fcr das eingest\u00e4ndnis ( freibier )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waren letzten sonntag dort und uns hat es gefallen . waren sehr frueh da und uns wurde der brunch angboten . sah alles sehr gut aus , nur wollten wir nicht soviel essen . konnten ohne probleme von der karte bestellen . der service was sehr freundlich und die einrichtung hat uns sehr gut gefallen - typisch brauhaus eben . nur der raucherraum hat uns gestoert , weil doch sehr viel qualm in den gastraum gelangt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute qualtit\u00e4t der speisen . schw\u00e4bisch und trotzdem nicht langweilig . sehr gutes bier . faire preise . freunlicher service . rustikale aber trotzdem frische atmosph\u00e4re . das einzige manko ist der kleine nichtraucherbereich . der laden ist sehr verqualmt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kurzfristig haben wir mit einer gruppe von ca . 40 personen in der brauereigast\u00e4ttte zum ro\u00dfknecht gespeist . urige atmosph\u00e4re , guter service und tolles essen . was will man mehr . ich wurde von den einzelnen teilnehmern mehrfach darauf angesprochen wie gut das essen geschmeckt hat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das haus als solches war uns bekannt , auch haben wir schon des\u00f6ffteren dort gespeist , aber am 25.12. war es am schlechtesten , die bediehnung konnte uns die tageskarte nicht vorlesen , `` nur gebroggenes deitsch '' ok , die bestellung ging ab , aber was ankam war alles andere als bestellt ! mit kn\u00f6del sollte sein , es kamen `` sp\u00e4tzle '' das essen war kalt , obendrein . das 2 . essen sollte eine gegrillte schweinshaxe sein , was war es : lauwarme offensichtlich \u00fcberlagerte kaugummiartige kruste , nach reklamation kam nur eine `` laue '' entschuldigung ! das dessert kam nach 3maliger anmahnung sehr lieblos angerichtet und war auch noch eine mehr als geschmacklose schokopasste . fazit : das lokal ist nicht zu empfehlen als speiserestaurant ! das bier ist allerdings zu empfehlen ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ich wei\u00df gar nicht , warum der rossknecht noch keine bewertung hat . ich war dort vor einigen jahren mal zum essen . das kutscherpf\u00e4nnchen hat sehr gemundet , das bier dazu war \u00e4u\u00dferst lecker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spontaner besuch mit 5 personen . platz konnte frei gew\u00e4hlt werden . sehr uhrige einrichtung mit braukesseln . freundlicher empfang , typisch schw\u00e4bische speisekarte und eigenes bier ( auch zum mitnehmen ) . service war nett , wartezeiten kurz und v.a . das essen ist einfach klasse ! hier erwartet man deftige kn\u00f6del , maultaschen , braten und kraut und genau das bekommt man auch - kein ikebana-food , sondern f\u00fcr den gro\u00dfen appetit ! preislich moderat , sauber und gem\u00fctlich ! fazit : wer hunger hat ist hier genau richtig !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wer eine wundersch\u00f6n eingerichtete schw\u00e4bische gastst\u00e4tte sucht ist hier goldrichtig . die regionalen , mit liebe zubereiteten gerichte , die freundlichen servicemitarbeiter und das `` heimelige '' ambiente . dazu noch die hervorragenden bierspezialit\u00e4ten aus der eigenen brauerei runden das ganze ab . hier f\u00fchlt man sich als willkommener gast ! liebes rossknecht-team - macht einfach weiter so . ihr seit eine bereicherung f\u00fcr diese stadt . vielen dank !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rustikales ambiente mit netter bedienung aber bei vollem haus war die k\u00fcche \u00fcberlastet und wir mussten extrem lange auf unser essen warten . der tafelspitz war gut aber das schnitzel ist nicht zu empfehlen und f\u00fcr die qualit\u00e4t deutlich zu teuer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das bier und die atmosph\u00e4re stimmen , daf\u00fcr die zwei sterne ! jetzt zur k\u00fcche ! was soll hier bittesch\u00f6n das highlight sein ? 9 salate 3 suppen 1 mit zusatzstoffen 23 lieblingsgerichte 11 mit zusatzstoffen ! ! 4 verschiedene beilagen mit zusatzstoffen 4 weitere gerichte 3 mit zusatzstoffen 3 vegetarische gerichte 2 mit zusatzstoffen 3 flammkuchen 2 mit zusatzstoffen 6 kindergerichte 5 mit zusatzstoffen 3 desserts alle mit zusatzstoffen das will nicht heissen , dass der ro\u00dfknecht es nicht anders macht , als andere gastst\u00e4tten . hier sei ein mal der extreme auswuchs dargestellt . ich stelle mir vor , dass in der k\u00fcche 10 k\u00f6che arbeiten m\u00fcssten , um das alles frisch und sofort auf den teller zu bringen . nein diese aufgabe ist nicht zu bew\u00e4ltigen und daher sind auch so viele zusatzstoffe enthalten ! noch ein stern geht weg : irgendwo kamen st\u00e4ndig rauchschwaden her mit zwei sternen gut bewertet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das empfehle ich , wenn man schw\u00e4bisch lecker essen will . die k\u00e4sesp\u00e4tzle , die ich hatte waren eine sensation und ein weihnachtsbock haben die hier ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was referred to this clinic from my re . worst clinic i have every experienced . they are too big and give patients false hope . i was told they could do certain procedure then the doctor who was suppose to do it goes out of town . they do n't know when he will be back , so they will not do the procedure , which is on timeline for the safety of the fetus . kind of frustrating , when you have to start looking up new clinic and doctors to see to do the procedure . you will never see the same doctor twice . they are very disorganized clinic , i would never recommend it to anyone . their doctors are smarts but that is about it . do n't rely on them scheduling you correctly . very very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. finberg intentionally held information from me the one time i saw him in june . my baby had fatal complications and dr. fin berg could see this clearly . instead of sharing all of the information , he kept bits and pieces to himself . later , when a doctor at a different ppa office shared this information , me and my partner were shocked . nobody needs surprises when they 're going through a loss late in the second trimester . i would never place trust into the awful ppa again . ( i 've been to 3 locations and the doctors at each have been incompetent )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm changing my review after being here more then once . this dr office is absolutely amazing , dr and nurses take the time to really get to know you . the wait times are n't that bad . they tell you your appointment time as the check in time so you are not late which is awesome . i 'm having to come here twice a week for monitoring of my baby . i have never waited longer than 15 20 minutes . everyone is so friendly and helpful . i would recommend this high risk dr office to anyone that needs to see a high risk dr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing and the service they provide is top notch . staff is very sweet and the 3d pictures you get of your baby are amazing . the price is very affordable and if your thinking about going ... .. do it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has wonderful , doctors , nurses and staff ! this location is one of several offices in the valley that treats high risk pregnancies pre , post and during : ) this practice has been around for 20+ years and has had a great reputation for quailty care for many years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here twice now and we have left both times with huge smiles on our faces ! the wait times were minimal and the entire staff was amazing ! the tech took her time with us and never once made us feel rushed and was very informative . i am a talker and she listened and answered all my questions and was very sweet to us . we had the pleasure of having her both times too ! ! ! she had remembered us from our last appt from 6 weeks previous and was referring to things we had talked about last time . she even tired to get us specific pics for a cute frame we had bought . she was great ! ! ! i would def recommend ppa to everyone ! they have been nothing but wonderful to us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my synthetic oil change here . i did n't want anything else done . at the end they told me my air filters were really bad & i needed new ones . i did n't think they were right , & went somewhere else right after & asked . my air filters were almost brand new . i felt that they were being dishonest & trying to take advantage of a girl who knows nothing about cars . this location is n't convenient for me anyways . i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a chevron station , terrible herbst store and terrible car wash . this is an exterior car wash , but they do a really great job . free self service vacuum , and you can build up for free washes based on how many times you come . they track your license so you do n't have to use a punch card or anything . i like the quality of the wash , it gets the dirtiest car clean , if you buy the wash at the pump , you will get 20 cents off the gas as well @ great deal ! i love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a terrible experience at terribles ... i came here for a smog check and they told me their computer was n't connecting to the dmv . it was an inconvenience but not a big deal . i left and decided to come back in a few days . i came back and it was working . they did my smog check and i go to my car only to find out they locked my keys in my car . they asked me if i had a spare ... uh yeah but i do n't carry my spare key with my everywhere . i told them they better figure out how to get my keys out because this was not my mistake . luckily , i left the window open a little and they found someone who had long enough arms to fit their arm in the car and unlock it . i wo n't be coming back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` cleanliness is next to michaelness '' i 've been getting my trusty crown vic washed here for years . the attendants are always polite and i get a towel and choice of fragrance . ( i always select lemon . ) after ten washes you earn a free one and you even get a free wash on your birthday which i took advantage of yesterday . there are vacuums there as well and next door is a gas station convenience store oil change place ( i 've never used the oil change place ) . it 's on the corner of wigwam and pecos across from the shell station . i figure since i 've been a regular customer for 10+ years i 'll likely be returning for another 10+ !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time i felt like i had an honest team member here . he showed me my air filter and said i could wait longer . told me the things only needed but did n't try to force me to purchase them . the bathrooms were clean and the customer service was excellect . i will definitely come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gone to this location for the past five years and have no complaints ! the lube smog is prompt . the technicians are courteous and go over the details of your service very well . one tip would be to go during the weekday as weekends are usually busy and have a longer wait time . i take my car to the car wash every other week and it always comes out nice and shiny . wash is n't rough , i have n't noticed any scratches or dings in the paint . the machine rolls you through the wash and can service multiple cars at once . there is also a complimentary self service vacuum bay . great place to get your car quickly washed or serviced ! will continue to be a customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty decent exterior wash . i like how they have a couple of guys at the front of wash who scrub down your bumper and tires before you enter the wash . helps get all that caked on debris off ! really satisfied with the wash. for $ 8 it 's a tad pricey for a gas station car wash , but you do get 20cents off your gas and like i said , it did a good job . will go back when i need a quick , nice exterior wash !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't ever get your oil changed here ! ! ! ! i have a jaguar xf which my motor nearly got fried because of this place . they changed the oil and did n't seal the cap properly . all the oil came out ruining my driveway and parking spot . luckily i got the car back and they refilled the oil . they came back to clean up the oil but could n't get out all the stains . when i came back , i had to wait another 2 hours and they did n't inspect the car at all . my brake pads were on low ( without me knowing ) and 3 months later the rotors needed to be replaced . these guys here do n't do quality work , and are a liability . only pro of this place is the drive through car wash if you do n't have time to go up the street ; where there is a full service wash for the near same price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after having a old man bang on my window , spitting on my car trying to cut me in an already terribly long line i decided to drive the extra 10 minutes to pit stop . ( : lost a customer today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars , i would . worst car wash ever ! i did n't know a car could get dirtier after a wash. after a full interior and exterior there is still crap all over the carpets , rocks ( which definitely was n't here before ) and the front of the car is still filthy ... . the tires are half sprayed and most of the shine crap is all over my rims . this place is ridiculous . get it together terribles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always quick when u come here to get my oil changed . friendly technicians . reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a car wash here today . the young gentlemen that work here are very respectful and have great service skills . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this location , not only do they have 6 packs of miller lite but they also have a great staff , friendly and fast . oil changes are quick and easy too . sometimes i even get my car washed here , i 'm not a huge fan of the car wash because it leaves spots but other than that this location is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "getting my car washed . good quality friendly staffer eat gas prices . always come here for monthly car wash plan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to henderson , looking for a cheap car wash , and bingo , found terrible herbst . was not disappointed.place was clean , people friendly , and most important cleaned my truck great . i 'll be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my last review they downsized considerably and the store is only one floor of accessories and clothes . designs are still desirable and prices are still reasonable though . service was very friendly and warm . due to downsizing and a more limited selection as a result , downgrade one star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , i work across the street from cityscape and the fact i had not stopped in to cc until now is almost embarrasing . [ i will blame my refocued approach to being a mindful consumer and limiting my clutter stuff collections . ] anyway ! on my way to the suns game the other night with time to kill i stopped in . this place is dangerous . two floors of color coordinated accessories . not too pricy and far from cheap . [ cheap as it related to quality . ] i lingered admiring several necklaces , a few purses and other clutches . unfortunately my time passed too quickly and i had to leave but i will surely stop in again soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my kids downtown the day after thanksgiving to go ice skating . i just happened to walk passed this store filled with sparkly jewelry , belts , shoes and clothes . i of course had to walk in . wow ! two stories of beautiful accessories ! then you take a look at the prices . holy cow ! this place is n't very expensive at all . i found myself a cute little ring , brown belt and a cute pair of earrings . all for under $ 35 . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in and the salesperson totally ignored me . the store was empty . i attempted to ask a question and she had an unpleasant attitude like she was working in a high end store . i am just visiting phoenix , and needed an extra tank top to wear with the shorts i just purchased across the street at urban outfitters ( very friendly ) . i left without making a purchase because of the salesperson . there is a lovely charming charlie outlet in vacaville , california where the sales people are super friendly . i do n't normally shop there but my daughter likes it . everything is super matchy matchy and low priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll be the first to say that i 'm more of a tomboy and i do n't do accessorize or have 200 purses . however , there are going to be occasions that call for you to look like an adult and a purse from target walmart swap meet simply are n't going to get the job done . everything here is fashion forward without coming off as juvenile tacky which is nice , especially when one wants to look pulled together . the prices are affordable and definitely within reach . i 'm definitely coming back in the near future", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is `` accessories heaven ! '' shopping here with two floors of costume jewelry made me feel like a kid in a candy store ! color-coordinated earrings , necklaces , hats , purses , scarves in every color imaginable can be found at charming charlie . from formal bling to casual everyday wear ... ..all alternatives are here . i especially love the way they display everything according to color . there are separate tables for yellow , green , brown , purple , & white accessories . and prices are reasonable too . i 'm from hawaii . whenever i visit phoenix , i always make it a point to visit this awesome store . and i always leave with a bag filled with the most gorgeous , affordable accessories around . open a store in hawaii please , lol ! p.s . staff today were gracious and friendly ! ! ! good job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love cc ! walked into this store on a saturday , late afternoon and was warmly greeted . this particular store is on the small side , compared to many other cc 's i have visited in other cities . they had some great sales going on , and the staff was very helpful . in all , the store was very well organized ! i would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my cousin brought me to charming charlie because she knows i love jewelry . it 's in the heart of trendy downtown phoenix amongst other trendy stores to shop in and restaurants . charming charlie is upstairs and down stairs full of trendy fashion jewelry for a good price between $ 5- $ 30 average . they have the usual accessories from jewelry to shoes , hats , and scarves etc . one of the best features is that everything is color coordinated making it easy to put together a matching set . the staff is nice and helpful . parking is paid underground garage . you can have your parking ticket validated by the store you are shopping in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "of course on the one day i really need a necklace for a wedding and in a time crunch- stopped by this location today ( saturday ) and i 'm giving up after 14 min- there 's a crowd of customers waiting to shop and the store still has n't opened ( opens at 10 ) and they 're 15 min late with still no sign that anyone 's even working horrible experience ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just recently was introduced to charming charlie as of last year . in the female fashion world , accessories are extremely crucial and cc is a superb resource . this particular location is most intriguing as it 's 2 levels ( gasp ! ) . my colleague and i had the habit of running down here during our lunch break and pawing through all of their treasures ( especially the clearance section on level 2 in the back corner ) . the entire store is also color organized . what is so special about that , you ask ? well , let 's say you are needing to buy a turquoise blue , beaded necklace for a special event . boom - just head towards the blue section - done ! note : sign up for their e-newsletter for even more discounts ! all of their associates are cheerful as well as offer assistance . cc is like a lusty temptress . i cld literally spend hundreds in this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place looks like a bag of skittles and smells like toasty pop tarts and is the best spot to pick up a gift for your girlfriend or a friend that so happens to be a girl . my gal pal and i recently took a detour into charming charlie on our way to happy hour and she went absolutely bonkers . i call it the pin ball effect . she was able to methodically cover the entire store and make it to the cashier with two nifty bags , two pair of sandals , a dress and an extremely large hat in just under 20 minutes . i teased her about scoping out the joint on a previous visit but she insists she was born to shop . she was quite the pro and all smiles post check out . it 's moments like this that remind me that happiness can be bought . i prefer to get my happy at the bar across the way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice not-so-little boutique with lots of stuff . there is a broad range of pricing from low to high and everything seems to be at a valued price . i can see coming here , if in the area , for something unique and specialized as a gift . nicely air conditioned , too , during the scorchin ' hot summer ! that 's a bonus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "driving downtown all the time i pass by here almost everyday . the store is colorful and has every different kind of accessory for style and season . their discount rack is amazing they have coupons all the time for future purchases . the place is organized by color so if you 're looking for something specific you can head straight there to find a style . it definitely helps , instead of trying to go through the rainbow mixed together . being summer i walked in today with my sister and the staff was so friendly and outgoing . she had great ideas for summer and made you excited to just be out and about ( in this weather no less ) . coming to this store to find something for a special occasion or holiday is great and with their specials you can find a best deal and do n't have to spend an arm and a leg to get cute accessories . the friendly girls that work here make it nice to come back and not feel pressured to buy something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start by saying i do n't use buy accessories . i 'm not one of those girls who accessorizes every single outfit i wear but if you like accessories , and colorful jewelry this is the place for you ! everything 's organized by color , they provide you with cute little baskets for you to throw all of your cute colorful stuff in there , it 's fairly inexpensive ( keep in mind it 's not real gold or anything , ok ? ) and they have not one but two floors for you to have fun shopping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chinese imports . let 's get that out of the way . ok , aside from that , this place is really great ! there is something for every possible taste here . bohemians , yuppies , hipsters , tweens , divas , grandmas and all in-betweens . the price points are quite manageable and the sales are plentiful . worth a look if you happen to be on foot downtown . the fact that this store is at the center of downtown phoenix is vaguely troubling . for the time being , however , enjoy it and buy a goodie or two .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cc where have you been all my life ? ? this is the place to find that item you need to dress up your outfit . it is reasonable so you do n't feel bad only using it once or only for one outfit . whoever thought of this concept is a genius .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful products ! staff was very nice and helpful , items were reasonably priced and sales are killer . found my new favorite store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised by the variety of costume jewelry here , right now they have a lot of interesting summer sun hats in the $ 20 range . a fun browse with friends when you happen to be downtown or going by on the light rail . the lady in line in front of me in line yesterday was agonizing over what to buy because there were so many things she knew she would never find back home ... in chicago ! take that , chicago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a terrible experience and i will not go back to this location . i had a gift card and was looking forward to using it . being downtown i parked on the street but only had enough change for 20 minutes in the meter . i thought it would be no big deal just to run in and ask for change for the 2 dollars cash i had . two employees refused to give me change . they told me to walk down the street to another store and ask for change . i was n't asking for something for free , just for quarters for the meter so i could stay long enough to shop only in their store . i wo n't be going back to this location for sure !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place.10 items for 60.00 bucks , you ca n't go wrong . i 've purchased two purses here and loved both of them . even bought a matching wallet for one of the purses . i 've purchased tops here as well and they wash well and are soft and comfy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this location . it very large and has 2 floors . plenty of space to pack in all the fun accessories that charming charlies is known for . color coordinated just like every other one , but this one seems a bit more intimidating ( i think its the 2nd floor ) . i like that they have a new set up for all of their clearance items . specific racks by the upstairs registers , very neat . not the wall of hot mess and tangliness they had before . my only beef w this location ( other than wanting to spend my whole paycheck there ) is that its hard to find an associate when you need one . other than that , its charming charlies . how can you go wrong ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place literally sucks you in with their crystal clear windows and shiny accessories . i should mention this is your initial experience here . the second or third time you go , the brightly , color coordinated high wears off and you actually , like seriously actually start catching yourself saying how you could find their $ 20 plain white t-shirt at ross of all stores . anyways it 's still a pretty store , with a few dresses scattered throughout that you can get marshalls for almost half the price and still come out looking like a basketball wife .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do i really even need to review them . a dual level store with hundreds maybe even thousand of different types of accessories . someone needs to keep me from fainting just talking about it . i love this store . it has good quality costume jewelry , reasonable price , organized , and a great place to come deck out in those hard to find accessories you have been lusting for from whatever current fashion magazine you 've been reading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really loved this store . i had never heard of it before . i just wish there was one closer . what i liked about it was how the store was divided into sections by color . it made it really easy to pick out different jewelry and clothes . i found so many cute things here . i just wish there was one closer to peoria . or maybe i do n't because then i would be there all the time . the prices were also were reasonable . great store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place for accessories , its a mecca ! ! i 'd go at the end of a season on to the next . i went summer to fall and everything red tagged was cheap and then it was also buy one get one free plus they validate parking for one hour yay ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . friendly staff . only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is length of time . took 2 hrs 45 mins for oil change and transmission flush . however , i was a walk-in and the waiting area is awesome with leather chairs , netflix , & wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go to kerrys car care on 67th ave and happy valley rd . they are deceitful and have no integrity or stand behind what they say they `` fixed '' on your car ! took car in for oil leak charged $ 1300 continued to leak they said it was on them and they would fix it . went back on their word and wanted to charge me another $ 1600 to fix their mistake ! chris the manager would not work with us at all and even refused to give us our car after we asked for it back and no money was owed to them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place but left disappointed . i made an appointment for an oil change with oil and a filter which i supplied . when i got there i asked how long it would be and was quoted an hour and a half and told them i was on a time crunch and asked if they could do it slightly faster and they said that would n't be a problem . it ended up taking 2 hours and i wasted time that i did n't have to spare . one would assume that with an appointment , you should be able to get out in an hour or less for a simple oil change the place itself was a nice change of pace compared to the usual scummy shop and employees had good customer service . also they have a sign displayed up front that said something along the lines of `` speak with a service adviser today '' should be advisor : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after the dealer quoting me over $ 4000 for an oil leak i decided to stop in to this new shop . they were very understanding and offered to take a look . called me back and told me it was just the oil pan gasket and it ended up costing me 10 % of what the dealer wanted and that included the alignment i asked for afterwards . i have experience in the industry and found the cost very competitive , got a ride home , the repair was done when promised . could not have asked for more . very positive experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diagnosed a problem with one of my ignition coils , wanted to charge me over $ 450 to repair . also did a full multi-point inspection and found another few hundred dollars worth of repairs that they `` recommended '' . ended up paying their $ 116 diagnostic fee and replaced the coil ( for only the cost of the part $ 100 ) in less than 3 minutes . a tad bit over priced to me for repairs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my advice : shop around before you get work done here . on two occasions , kerry 's gave me estimates that were around double the price of other shops in the area . the staff is friendly , but i wo n't go back to kerry 's because there are much cheaper alternatives out there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took our truck to the new location on north valley parkway last week for an inspection since we are taking a road trip soon . the battery was bad and had some corrosion which we knew . they wanted almost $ 600.00 for a new battery cable and battery . we ended up getting the battery cable from chevy for $ 64.00 ( they wanted $ 241.00 for this ) and my dad put it in for us . took him 30 minutes . also got a battery at o'reilly for $ 150.00 . so the $ 600.00 they wanted cost us $ 214.00 . great facility and they were super friendly but beware of pricing . kind of a bummer because we were excited for a nice convenient auto shop but not sure i can trust their pricing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a great experience . honest , thorough and efficient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check engine light came on my teen 's vehicle the other day . since i live in the area , decided to give kerry 's a try ... i was not disappointed . they were able to diagnose the problem and fix the issue . they quoted reasonable prices and kept me updated as the vehicle was being repaired . when i received my bill , it was exactly the price i was quoted , no surprises . the staff were very friendly and easy to work with . i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two hours for an oil change no thanks ! gm said it 'd take an hour tops . only came to this place because i moved to this side of town but next oil change i wo n't mind the 20 min drive to my regular place . i 'd get there oil changed and back in an hour !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great honest place to get you automotive work done.. never had a bad experience , ill never go anywhere else ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 've been looking for a good mechanic your search is over . karry 's car care is a great place to take any car . if your looking for professional polite and prompt service . they have a beautiful waiting room with a comfortable chairs and a big screen . their prices are fair and very competitive within the market , being a mechanic myself i can recognize a clean efficient professionally run shop , and these guys have it . i take all three of my vehicles to karry 's car care i had the pleasure of meeting the owner while my car was being repaired and he was a fantastic guy very caring very concerned about my happiness , with my experience at his business , and very much a gentleman . i 'll be taking all my vehicles to karry 's car care for this foreseeable future and i urge you to give them a try . thank you , jeffrey w. hurst", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredibly happy ! chris took care of my camaro and i like i 've been going there for years ! top notch customer service and great mechanics ! i will be back ! clean spotless shop , prompt service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my 2nd time in & i was just as happy as the 1st . great customer service . quick repairs . fair pricing . 5 stars . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are doing it right ! the prices are great , much less than the dealership . customer service is phenomenal ! they even took me home and delivered my truck when it was done . i 'm very impressed . they 've got my business from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly people , quick service , and conveniences like a nice waiting room and complimentary shuttle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment to have my tires rotated and balanced . a simple , quick procedure . yet , one hour later , they still had not started working on my vehicle . clearly , if i had not made an appointment , i could see why i would need to wait . because of the inconvenience , the manger reached out to me and offered to do the rotation and balance for free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not someone who hands out 5 star reviews unless a business really wows me and kerry 's did . i called kerry 's before i bought a craig 's list car to make sure they would check it out . tj was so helpful and made me comfortable that they would check everything in the car and pull every plug . they walked my husband and i through everything that was going on with the car so we were able to have confidence while making our decision with this third party . i 've bought cars before but i have never felt so comfortable and welcome in an auto shop . tj had stellar customer service and i would recommend this place to anyone because finding a good auto shop is so hard to do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this new location for kerry 's since they opened about a year ago . they have always been very professional and their pricing has been very good . the location is really convenient for me because it is near the house and there are plenty of places nearby to complete shopping or do lunch while waiting for my vehicle . in addition , the place is very clean and i always run into the same staff members which to me says something about the management knowing a thing or two about running a business . thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they will do everything in their power to rip you off . my wife went here for an oil change . they said they had a spot for her right now . 2 hours later they told her it was done , but also told her she needed new air filter , brake system needed flushing , and an alignment for $ 400 extra dollars . i had just replaced the air filter less than two weeks prior . car only has 30k miles on it . brakes are fine and alignment is perfect . they tried to take advantage of my wife . they tried the same shit with me and actually put regular oil in my truck when i told them i only run synthetic . did n't think i 'd check ? also asked for tire rotation and they did n't do that . actually took almost 4 hours for them to put the wrong oil in my truck and not rotate my tires . i wish i could give 0 stars . do n't go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always pleased with the pricing , work and service . i was disappointed fletcher 's failure to honor warranty work making my vehicle unsafe to drive . i can always count on kerry 's to step up , do the right thing , fix the problem for half the cost and follow through with their commitments . it 's a pleasure to have them in our community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are professional and honest . i was owed an oil change from 2016 and they had on file it was owed to me and it was given . they always let me know what needs to be done before they do any work . i never have any issues . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have blown away by this auto shop . seriously the best customer service ive ever experienced . professional , efficient , and most importantly trustworthy . they put the customer first which is soo rare in this industry . so impressed . personal shout out to tj and the other manager with him ( forgot his name , but not his effort ) . best experience i 've ever had with a car shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our second visit to kerry 's ( first time with this vehicle ) and we were very happy with the excellent customer service . jason discussed prices and alternatives with us which was very helpful to us in deciding which repair work to have done on this visit . we were n't happy with the work as originally done , after we drove the vehicle home , but we contact jason right away and he was very professional and courteous and said to bring the vehicle back the next day . the issue was resolved very quickly on the second visit , at no charge . we will definitely be back and will recommend kerry 's to our friends . thanks , lorraine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone working the counter was friendly and professional . this has been true every time i go to this shop . i 'll continue to come to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey , kerry give bobby at your phoenix facility a raise . he represents you very well , being friendly , and knowledgable.. sure appreciated the great service and time that he gave us , answering all of our questions and then giving a very fair quote to repair replace the ac unit in my suv . i am very pleased that this facility was recommended to me . i will be recommending it to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this afternoon i was driving down 67th in my work truck & trailer and the axel came off of my trailer . i called kerry 's car care to see if they could point me in the right direction of someone who could help me get it towed and repaired . ( they 've worked on my both of my personal vehicles ) . after chris listened to my issues he said , `` i 'm coming right now to help you out '' . within 15 minutes he arrived and had a tow truck on its way . i ca n't express how appreciative i am for his help . i would recommend this company to any that asked . brad olsen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a tire alignment and to have my ac looked at . service rep jason was extremely friendly and helpful and got my car in and serviced quickly . the best part was they did n't try to upsell me anything and let me know what they fixed and that everything else looked good . even had a shuttle to take me home if i wanted . they also had a very nice waiting area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service as always . bobby is a great service advisor and i always appreciate the honesty and willingness to work out reasonable solutions . we had our son 's engine rebuilt by kerry 's and they definitely displayed a `` can do '' attitude for getting it done in the most economical and ethical manner . we 're definitely sticking with them for future auto service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service yet again ! thanks to bobby and the crew here made my experience easy and delightful . i would highly recommend them for local car service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time here based on a referral and i 'm glad i listened ! bobbie was awesome ! i honestly love that i went in thinking i needed to replace both my front and back brakes only to be told that only the front needed to be done . who does that anymore , people ? ! thank you ! i will refer my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris and the boys are always fair and honest , no b.s . they always take care of me , tj and kyle are great additions ! ! keep up the good work fellas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a huge shout out to tj for making me feel comfortable the minute i walked in the door , explaining the process , and expediting my experience ! best experience i have ever had when taking my car in for service . very clean , upscale facility , comfortable waiting area , with incredible customer service ! i really appreciate that your shop did not nickel and dime with add-ons to my service like many of your competitors . i will be referring your shop to everyone i know . thank you ! your team is amazing and a great reflection of the owners and management focus , happy customers return and refer their friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed some chain oil but they were already closed . someone was still inside and saw me looking at the opening hours . they opened up the door for me and sold me a bottle of oil . i even got a 5 minute primer on how to clean and tighten the chain . customer service : a+ . i 'll be certainly bad and will by a bit more than just oil .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent bike shop , convenient location , attentive staff . good service , done right the first time & ready when they say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . they saw me looking at their hours before they opened and they opened early to take my bike in and fix it up . they did a great job doing everything i asked and more . they fixed my handle bars and i did n't even know they were messed up ( i wondered why my wrist hurt ) . i will most definitely be going back there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my `` local '' ahem bike shop . i 'm actually a west-ender , but my cycling habits bring me out to the east-end frequently during the week . this is the store that has many one-of-a-kind tools and accessories . they do not sell bikes or maintain them . they just sell accessories , clothing and tools . i first heard of them through their excellent repair videos , displaying one of the co-owners , saul . highly recommend this place to get most of your gear from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i regret to say this but i read reviews and was really exited to bring my worn out bike here but the service was horrible they called me and told me they did not have the certain tool to fix my bike yes that 's right a bike repair shop that has no tools ? ? ? ? i get there my bike is dismantled they referred me to someone else that might have the right tools to fix my bike they handed me my dismantled bike with no chain no petals and the best part was when i asked where the chain for my bike was the guy hesitantly said he cut it off and the other guy was smirking while handing me back my cut up chain there was nothing wrong with the chain but now there is thanks to velotique do not go here do not leave your bike in their hands if you choose to get your bike fixed here stay there with them to see what they do to it or else you may receive your bike in the condition i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was looking for a bike shop on google maps and it directed me to this place . i must say i was blown away by the service here ! they listen to your needs and really make you feel important the moment you enter . i did n't feel like i was just another number walking through the store . they were very knowledgeable and i would definitely come back here again ! highly recommend : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read some reviews not so positive reviews of other local bike shops . then came across this one . just needed a flat repaired . dropped in on a saturday morning and it was done in 15 min . knowledgeable , friendly staff . $ 20 and on my way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to look at bikes and left buying a bike that i am very happy with . the service was very friendly and informative . the new management has brought many positive changes to the store . i am happy to support such a great store with wonderful staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible they do not have all the tools to fix bikes and they keep deleting my bad review , they should leave it on to show what a horrible job they did on bike but this will be deleted if your smart do not go there the chinese guy is the worst laughed like a bob cat when he handed me my mangled bike .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a little nervous about buying a bike as i have n't cycled in a few years . i actually first tried the bikes cycling inside the store . it felt silly but it was enough to remind me how i loved cycling . i did then try them outside . the service was so helpful and patient that i bought a bike and am now cycling to work and loving it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop that does n't currently get five stars because it 's in the process of changing ownership . in the past , velotique stuck to a simple and differentiated approach to bike stores : they sold bike stuff but did n't sell bikes or provided tune - ups . this could seem odd but obviously it was a concept that worked since the shop remained in business , amassed a loyal customer base and was able to provide great prices on their stuff . the new owner seems really nice and time will tell whether the changes he 's bringing to the store will work or not . kasia and ellen are still around and it 's an welcome sight seeing them , helping us out with the transition period .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great shop . a++++ customer service . had an issue with a product purchased here and instead of referring me to the manufacturer ( as most places would do ) they exchanged the product no questions asked . also all around well stocked and curated bike shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is big with a wide selection of bikes , accessories , and clothing . the staff are helpful and take the time to discuss your needs and the bicycles that could meet them . and they let me bring my dog inside as well . i always appreciate pooch friendly business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop was excellent . we went in with a broken timing chain on a tandem . rob fixed it really well and carefully set the tension on the chain , which was complex . they did it all right away . saved us from walking 20 km home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly , knowledgeable and patient . great selection of product . keep in mind that they only sell bike accessories , no bikes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like smith 's , especially when compared to albertson 's closer to my house . the store is clean and organized . deli counter staff are fast , friendly , and efficient . the produce always seems extremely fresh and it 's displayed very nicely . and i did n't realize what a big deal it was until albertson 's got rid of them , but the self checkouts here are a major plus . definitely one of the better supermarkets around !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love smiths produce . i also go here for the bargains ! ! checkers very friendly and polite . the other reason i go here is it is clean and i can get in and out of he store dmfast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the smiths over here it 's close to my house and i usually stop here after work . the store is laid out very well and their app offers a lot of coupons for extra savings . also just like most stores their ads and sales are pretty good . my only gripe is it gets super crowded here during the mid afternoon when folks are getting off of work or on the weekend . however i usually go in the evening so i can dodge most of the crowds . i love how they have multiple clearance aisles . just be sure to double-check the sell-by date because sometimes the staff does n't regulate it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could give them less than one star . they sell expired foods . bought frozen shrimp and when i checked the label after cooking them the package said expired april of 2016 . do not trust this smiths to monitor their products .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use to go to smiths all the time when i lived close to one but now it 's harder to get to one . this one has great donuts and they always seem fresh . now that they carry blue bell ice cream i might be making more trips even though it 's not close to my house", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite library on campus . quiet , helpful staff , wooden interior , generally not very crowded and close to trin college and constant supply of coffee and croissants at the buttery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the john w. graham library located at the munk centre is a 5 minute walk away from robarts , although much less frequented . the library is housed inside a heritage building , with red brick walls heavy wooden doors leading into the large foyer areas . once inside the library however , it 's clear how much the university put into renewing the grounds . the library is modern and very clean . the staff is diligent about keeping patrons quiet . as with any university library , there are plenty of individual study spaces , each with outlets and lights . the meeting rooms can be booked , or you can try your luck if no one has booked it , and they are excellent study spaces . the library is one block south of bloor and huron , where there is a tim horton 's . there is also a cafeteria in the building just north of the library . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rule # 1 - do not go into williams sonoma . rule # 2 - if you ignore rule one , do not purchase anything at williams sonoma . rule # 3 - if you must purchase something , be sure it 's at least 40 % off . if you 've ignored the first 3 rules , you , sir or madam , have been ripped off . there 's a difference between expensive , and overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you can tell this company is running out of steam . it is on the ropes and it shows . no one cares and prices are wildly inconsistent . it was on one of the internet list of companies that will not survive 2009 . and with no one caring , we hightailed it out of there and headed to ashley 's , where they truly appreciated our patronnage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was here to purchase a hurom juicer , and i loved looking at all the wonderful products . however , the customer service could have been better - the lady helping me kept going to check the phone whenever it would ring.. i would 've preferred her to just deal with me first , so that i could get on with things . however , the merchandise is top notch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great store and very friendly and helpful personnel . there is so much i would love to buy in this store , that it is n't even funny . one day , i will buy that copper cooking set .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please refer to my yorkville location comment . i have never been to eaton center location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here hoping to buy some kitchenware that was a notch up from ikea . two weeks after my purchase , i had 2 cups cracked and 1 cup shattered after i placed it in the cupboard ! yikes . do yourself a favor and avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just like any other william and sonoma . nice customer service and expensive quality items . i usually get cookie cutters because they 're low price and cute . i got a sifter last time and its worked great ! a guy suggested 2 kinds and they were way to much , like i know you have to upsell but really ? there were 2 brands , allclad and the store brand but both were like $ 60 ! so i looked a little more and found a smaller one that was perfect size and not an arm and a leg . i like the high quality of the items there but i just went have that kind of money . if only there was a cheaper alternative . until then tho ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ever think high end stores offer good quality customer service ? if you answer yes , then keep on walking past this store . it 's doubtful you 'll get friendly service if anything . what irks me about this place is that they are charging extreme prices , yet you may get quality for your money but do n't expect much in terms of customer service . i 've been at this store a few times , and ho hum , the service here is usually less than stellar . once you 've taken something to the cash register , you expect someone to treat you with courtesy as you pay for your expensive item and keeping the sales person 's job alive . guess again , no greeting , no 'please ' or 'thank you ' . if you ask for a gift receipt , you 'd think they would offer to give you gift wrap it for you or offer to give you wrapping paper or a tag ? forget it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "looking for a $ 300 waffle iron ? or how about a $ 38 jar of sea salt ? if so , this store is for you ! otherwise , you 'll be like me , and truly wonder who buys such unnecessary high-end `` stuff '' at ridiculously high prices . if you 're reading this , and you can afford to shop at ws please adopt me ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worked at the eaton centre location over christmas . this store has the most disorganized management i have ever encountered in all my 5 years experience in retail . no one has any idea what is going on , still havent received pay cheques etc . the staff are nice but treat you as disposable and hardly give out any shifts . plus everything is ludicrously over priced . not worth it to work here seasonally . and they dont offer most full time staff benefits ! unfair and poor employer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's one of the only places i like for burritos . they have lots of ingredients and choices . i think it is a bit expensive but one small burrito fills me up fine . i would recommend it even though not many people know about it or like it that much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good tacos ! i 'm surprised that i never found this gem before . staff is friendly , food is good , service is fast and it 's cheap . ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good burritos at a fair price . not a sit in type place , but great for take out . nice parks across the street where you can sit and enjoy your burrito . tons of choices of toppings and meat . friendly staff that will take their time to make your burrito perfect and not make you feel rushed . their house sauce is the bomb . great place for lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quite simply the best burrito in town . fresh and tasty ingredients . great service and right next to a park for some summer sun ! love it ! open more locations please !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here because of the good reviews , but i came out disappointed . did i really just spent 16 $ for a burrito and a coke ? the burrito was mostly rice and chorizo , garnishes were meager , no trace of the fresh guacamole they advertised . employees were bickering while i was eating in an otherwise empty restaurant . sad . i miss san fransisco 's mission burritos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have been several times and am a fan . have had the chicken and chorizo - both delicious . lots of veggies and extras to load up your burrito , all fresh and tasty . the small burrito is actually quite huge so a great deal . only small complaint i have is they charge the same for a burrito bowl as a large burrito and that thing has way more in it..burrito bowl is a lot of lettuce . all in all a great find , so much better than m4 ( which is bland and boring ) and burritoville ( not a lot of toppings and quite filthy the last time i was there ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company got it right . from california , ii rented a projector for my dad 's memorial in rhode island , and everything worked perfectly . the projector arrived on friday for a saturday event and we just dropped off the pre-paid box at ups on monday am . all for a one-day rental fee with very reasonable delivery charge . i had one technical question for setting up , and customer service walked me through it in less than 10 minutes . great quality and service . and it takes a lot to satisfy a professional video editor like myself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chalkboard restaurant this was a horrible experience for an italian restaurant . you get your menu from a chalk board on the wall , it 's hard to read especially when its above your head . if that day they do n't have something you like , well guess what you go hungry and go to mcdonald 's a few steps away . they have the bistro concept , everything is `` small '' . small restaurant , small menu , small portions .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best risotto 's i 've had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dinner with my boyfriend on valentine 's day . the owner and waiters were really nice and friendly . they served bruschetta and the appetizer was fried calamari . taste so good . and the risotto went with veggies and meat also very nice . tuna was cooked medium and very fresh very juicy . the dessert we had chocolate souffl\u00e9 i really loved it because it 's not very sweet but yummy . it 's a little pricy but we really enjoyed it and had a good time . i will go back to there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a born and raised asian from asia who 's trying to integrate into canadian culture . i only started eating italian food when i moved to montreal . got ta say this is my fav italian resto . my boyfriend is half italian and he totally agrees with me . best risotto i 've had in my life . we go there for his and my birthdays or any other special occasions because it 's not a place we . an afford every weekend . lol maybe that 's for the better after all", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is in the heart of montreal 's little italy . menu on a chalk board was quaint , but hard to follow . i felt pressure to decide when the waiter visited my table to explain the menu . since i was dining alone , the drink selection was limited . ( maybe if i ordered a bottle of something , but i only wanted a glass . ) i began the meal with a complimentary bruchetta on crusted bread . the tomato and olive oil was so fresh . i then ordered the arugula salad with shaved parmesan and a balsamic vinegar reduction . yum ! ate every bit . then i ordered the farfalle pasta with lamb ragu . the portion was huge . could n't finish . it tasted very nice -- not out of this world , but still quite good . only down side , the price . meal for one with salad , drink and tip was over $ 50 . for that price , i expected more . probably wo n't return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great restaurant , always come here for special occasions . staff is very pleasant and warm , very cosy feeling to the place and the food is absolutely phenomenal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "petit italia , for my italian husband , was a must see . this restaurant was highly recommended by someone at bar italia . i had the spaghetti with beef , mushrooms , truffles and spinach and it was well done ! not too much truffle and the pasta was al dente . the staff and service was excellent and the restaurant well appointed . well worth the trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great spot for a great fork . italian to the core , the staff is italian and the restaurant is said to be family owned . we took the rigatoni and the risotto . both plates were absolutely delicious . flavours flowed through in a unexpected harmony . the wine card is complete and offers a great selection of privately imported italian bottles . it might look pricy at first , but the food here is worth every penny . if you 're in montreal be sure to stop by lucca for a meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything on the menu is great . terrific value for lunch with soup salad , entree and tiramisu for ~ $ 25+tx . one of montreal 's hidden gems . everything here is good . definitely worth trying !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purely institutional chinese food , almost like the cooks at banner hospital across the street made it . uncle ben would be proud . mre chinese ! ha ha you do n't need taste buds to eat here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have no idea why this place gets close to a five star rating . i went there tonight because of the rating on yelp , and i must say , it is one step above panda express . as a chinese restaurant , i expected to be able to order lo mein . nope , do n't have that . how about hot tea ? nope , no hot tea . the fortune cookie comes with your meal because , guess what , you paid for your meal before you received it , so the transaction is over , here 's your fortune cookie . the take-away lesson here is : do n't rely on the star rating alone ; read the reviews . the food here was incredibly average and not incredibly cheap . i probably will never return to this restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't have particularly high standards for chinese take out , but yan 's is noticeably a cut above pretty much everywhere else in the area . i went with my go-to dish , sesame chicken , and something about it tasted just so ... real . yeah , that 's the best word . like the chicken was bought fresh from a local store and not frozen forever . and the sauce is was lightly coated in tasted like actual honey ... not a bunch of cheap sugar . their vegetable medley is also quite tasty . portions are realistic for one person to consume , and not for 2-3 people like their cheaper competition . i plan on coming back . often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing about this place says to me , `` wow , i feel like i 'm in panda express ! '' it 's a mom and pop joint tucked in a small business strip . once inside , the walls are adorn with pictures of many of their entrees . you get a lot of food for the money and the dishes taste better than any place i 've been to in the area . now this is not an establishment that you would take your first date to . they serve their population , which is the employees and clients or the nearby hospital and other local businesses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent for chinese food - take out . the owner , or who i believe is to be the owner , is very friendly . heading over to open the door for his customers coming inside . bringing menus over to the table and after you order , your food over to your table . not your average chinese take-out restaurant . leftovers reheated decently too . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , clean , friendly & fast service ! 100 % i got the orange chicken combo with fried rice & a spring roll . i also got an order of the pad thai rice noodles those were great as well . and lastly an order of chicken chow mein yumm i highly recommend this food portions are perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had dinner here last night and the food is fresh and amazing ! i 've not had chinese food this good in a very long time . my husband is n't really into chinese food and i can call him a skeptic but he wanted me to tell all you yelpers that this place has the best chinese food he 's ever had . ( and mind you he 's really picky ) we will definitely come back to this place and the service is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dumbest place ever ! tried to order sweet and sour chicken with shrimp fried rice . i was told i could n't replace the flavorless steamed rice for shrimp fried rice i 'd have to order a separate 6 dollar order of fried rice . you 've got to be joking . no way in hell . and then when i said well screw the meal give me an order of shrimp fried rice and a side of sweet and sour chicken she cant speak english so well ... after trying to order for 15 mins ..needless to say i will not be going back ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visiting at the hospital across the street and decided to order some take out . the pork fried rice was very tasty , the beef and broccoli was very fresh and good , as was the combo chow mein . service was very fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always quality food with great flavor . service is efficient and pleasant volcano beef and orange chicken are super yummy . we love yans ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only reason i 'm giving this 2 stars is because the place was clean and the waitress was friendly . i had a craving for fried rice so i ordered bbq pork fried rice , with a small order of beef & broccoli . the food was n't good at all . both the beef and pork had a weird texture and flavor to it . i picked out the pork and tried eating just the rice , which it tasted burnt , even when i put sriracha . so i just trashed them both . the portions were really big , but they were definitely not worth the price . in this case the saying quality over quantity does not apply . i will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the typical chinese food take out spot . they have all the goodies and will make you feel like you just ate chinese food . place is easily accessible and does n't seem busy . you can peek into the kitchen while ordering at the counter and while at first glance it may look normal , my previous experience as a fire marshal looking at kitchens tells me this place is unsafe and a little dirty . when i think of this place i think about dropping that m & m and picking it up right away to eat it because we all know germs give us that 5 second grace period before they attack our food . this is an emergency pit stop establishment and i feel for the nearby hospital workers or nearby residents that have this as their only delivery option . surely the location is prime so there has to be another chinese take out spot nearby . the big positive : i did n't get sick .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so , i decided to get sum china food today ! ! ! umm i got spicy orange chicken n fried rice ... ... i 'm not very happy with the chicken i thought it was going to be crunchy with sum spicy sauce but it 's not ... . in that case i should of went to panda express for realz ! ! ! ! not as great as everyone in here says it is ! ! ! ! i do n't like the taste ,", "score": "2"}
{"review": "easy choice for quick chinese dropped in due to proximity to banner estrella . good little place for fast chinese food . it 's not the authentic stuff ma cooks , but still good . there are the usual compromises between asian and north american pallets -- more oil , less cooking with spicy peppers , and the light seasonings are lost in the salt and sugar . staff is quick with the takeout orders and very nice . affordable lunch specials , too . i would go again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have been there a handful of times . the food has always been excellent ! the portions are large . the pan fried dumplings are my favorite and the pineapple fried rice is something else ! it 's all so very very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "group of three , we all loved it . had it delivered and it was hot , fresh and very tasty . no complaints , definitely recommend the kung pao and orange chicken . if you like spicy , be very specific or they hold back . the flavor was still really good though . would go back anytime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is exceptional ! it does not matter what i order it is always fresh and hits the spot . i always have my food delivered and it arrives hot and ready to eat ! ! ! ! friendly delivery staff ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little chinese place . staff is great and so is the food . the prices are comparable to panda express , but your getting a much better quality of food . you can see them chopping vegetables in the kitchen , which is always a good sign . i ordered , went to the bathroom , and when i came out the food was ready . this place is pretty legit , its a nice find", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for the simple fact that its great , authentic , cheap chinese food . i love the orange chicken . spring rolls are tasty . great prices for big portions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would have to say the portion was bigger than what you get a panda but i 'm still conflicted with my overall impression . over floured chicken is a sin in my eyes , whether it 's fried hard and crunch or has obvious air pockets from where the flour did n't have a chance to completely stick . it was n't horrible but will not be my first choice for local chinese .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is some of the best chinese food on the west side , that you will find around . its affordable , flavorful , and everything is piping hot when it comes out . i 've only ever done takeout here , but i 've never waited for my food and they have always gotten my orders correct . egg drop soup , with the wontons and spring rolls are my favorites for lunch- that being said , they have some healthy lunch options , with serving sizes for leftovers for dinner . worth it . it is a hole in the wall , which also happens to be the best kind of restaurant you can go to . love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a teriyaki with rice bowl was n't so good the chicken was really sweet and the rice was a bit hard .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys have consistently provided excellent food at an amazing price . i drive all the way from power and the 60 to get their food . the best in arizona , hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food great for take out to take to work . always ready when i come to pick up . really like their shrimp fried rice and soups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still on my never ending quest for good chinese food in az i walked in this place . it smelled good so i thought why not . the lady who took my order was n't the friendliest but customer service is dead so ok . i ordered pork fried rice , chicken egg foo young , and orange chicken . i am not pleased . i don'tknow how they did it , the rice tasted burnt . the egg fooo young had big chunks of vegetables , too big , and was flavorless . i will say the orange chicken was meh ok at best . needless to say i will not be back . not good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service ! amazing food ! vegetable chow mein and orange chicken ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! the food is always fresh and has great flavor.. and the service is exceptional ! the guy at the register was even kind enough to carry my food to my car out for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . try the sesame chicken - the sauce tastes almost like honey . and the crab rangoons are the best i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was n't very good . wo n't be coming here ever again . pad thai pasta were stuck together and it was just a gooey mix of a mess . the reason they got a star is for the dumplings . that was the only decent thing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried the chicken pad thai and was forewarned would be really spicy from the waitress . although the food is really tasty , pad thai was no where near as spicy as i 'm used to from other places that i 've been to . it tasted like there was sweet and sour sauce instead of any spice . portions are decent amount so you do get your money 's worth . not great , but good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good chinese food love their house fried rice . orange chicken is always good . they serve you fast and it 's super fresh they start cooking when you order it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time ordering tonight . i got the orange chicken with chow me in combo . roommate got the mongolian beef combo . both were delicious . crab ragoons were full of cream cheese and worth the money . ordered a small egg drop soup and it was honestly the best egg drop soup . full of flavor and no tofu . wait was a little longer for delivery but so worth it . will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this local restuarant is thus far the best chinese food i have tasted in the pheonix area . the food is fresh and with quick service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy , fast , fairly priced , and great service ! i 'll be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is delicious and the prices are reasonable for the portions . ideally it 's enough for a family to share . the mongolian beef is the best . we love the egg fried rice ( it has no veggies for those who do n't like it ) . i usually get take out its best to check the order before leaving because the person who does the phone order could n't understand me and i had trouble understanding them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've ordered lots of chinese delivery since being in az . and this is place was actually surprisingly better than most . i 'm always hesitant when ordering from a new asian restaurant from so many bad experiences here . the lady on the phone was typical of any other asian restaurant and very friendly . ordered orange beef , sweet and sour chicken and the shrimp vegetable , all were really good surprisingly . the orange beef is probably the best i 've had from a delivery , could use a lil more spiciness . prices were better than most places as well . would order again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sad to say i could n't experience this place it says it delivers but when i called to my disappointment the person said that they do n't deliver and hanged up do n't waste your time in calling for delivery ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sorry to say but you yelpers let me down on this one . the food was mediocre . i ordered the volcano beef , it was n't that spicy and the meat was on the chewy side , a couple of pieces unedible . the lo mein was thick like spaghetti . the egg drop soup had a strange appearance , almost foamy or frothy . it was extremely hot , but not very tasty . the woman at the counter was friendly and this seems like a family run business , all that being said i just did n't like the food . grade : c-", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found this place today and would definitely recommend . the people were nice , the service was fast , and the food was great . this is my new favorite chinese food place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting from out of town and looking for a good chinese place . read the reviews and decided to give this place a try . needless to say the five stars leaves a lot to be desired . we got the orange chicken and the hawaiian rice . the orange chicken was soggy and not much flavor . the rice also had no flavor . not a fan of panda express , but at least you know not to expect great food . here this place gets five stars and it turns out to be an insult to your taste buds , i want my money back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here tonight with my boyfriend for the first time . all the workers were very welcoming . they serve very large portions , but if you have an appetite like my boyfriend you have no problem finishing the whole thing . veggie rolls are extremely good ! i will definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this place for about 4-5 years with both my family and my boyfriend and its the best in the west ! lol i adore their chicken chow fun ( spicy ) as well as just about everything else . i 'm picky when it comes to my chinese food but this place is great , prices and all ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really good , but the reason for 3 stars is because i always have a headache after eating their food . sodium ? msg ? not sure . the hubby is fine with it , i guess i 'm too sensitive to that stuff . it 's still really good though . super fast service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small place , nothing fancy but the food is pretty good . prices are cheap , food was hot and fresh . the menu says they do n't use msg , they do n't serve food on plates it comes in styrofoam containers . we would go again but take out , opposed to sticking around . we ordered kung pao chicken which is really tasty , has peanuts in it.. which honestly that was my first time ever ordering kung pao chicken from anywhere so i did n't know they were in there but honestly it was good and i 'm not really a fan of peanuts . i 'll be back though", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food ! not your typical mall food court chinese food . made fresh and honestly have never had better ! the interior could use a more comfy feel but worth it : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is some of the best tasting chinese food i have had in a long time . it was very hot when served . i had the kung pao tofu . i could have fed three people with what they gave me . the price after tax was only $ 8.09 ; a deal at that price . the down side to this eating establishment is that , while very clean , it was in need of repair and remodeling . their were many cracked tiles on the floor and their tables and chairs were showing signs of over use . the only other complaint is that the fountain was pepsi products instead of coke products . a solid stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . if you 're from the east coast , this is the closest you 'll come . i had almost given up looking for decent chinese when i found yan 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was delicious , price was pretty good , but the lack of atmosphere and food being served on styrofoam plates was a bit of a turn off .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy mother . eat here . i live so freaking far away and that is sucky because this place blows every chinese food place in scottsdale out of the water . great chinese food , not greasy , you do n't feel gross after eating here , and the staff is super friendly . i will have to stop by whenever i wander over to this area of town again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is definitely one of my favorite chinese food places to go to ! the inside is very clean and the staff is really nice and professional . a little bit pricey but definitely better than panda express , so i think it 's worth the extra dollar or two . they have a ton of food options , and i have tried quite a few of them . i love them all so far ! the only problem may be that their spicy dishes are n't that spicy unless you ask them to make it extra spicy . nonetheless , the food is very flavorful and high quality . i recommend that every one gives this restaurant a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time trying yan 's , and the food was excellent . we had spicy orange chicken , curry beef , shrimp with snow peas , and shrimp with vegetables . the food was fresh , hot , and seasoned to perfection . the portions are good and the price is reasonable and the owner is friendly . we finally have great chinese food in the west valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hawaiian fried rice is the best . i order the same dish every time i go there . good food good prices and very good portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is okay but it is very greasy . it is hard to place a phone order because the person on the phone never understands english . do n't order a side of hot mustard or extra packets of that pre-packaged hot mustard ... they never get that . i 'm grateful that they now take on-line orders when i 'm in desperate need of chinese food . it 's the only time i order here now , always a last resort .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was horrible ! i had the teriyaki chicken bowl & it literally was rice , chicken , & sauce . who has a chicken bowl with no vegetables . the chicken & sauce were completely bland . will never be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have tried four dishes here and they were all very good . i work in this area and just realized yan 's was close by . we have a yan 's close to my house , but this one seems to have better food . friendly service , an a from the health dept ( posted on the door ) and good food ! i have tried several chinese food places in the maryvale area and have been disappointed by all but yan 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh food & super tasty ! and the staff and the owner are really nice and helpful . definitely recommend everyone give this place a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "originally from ohio , and we had some great chinese restaurants all over . dont know why , exactly ... not typically a place where you 'd settle from another country . when we moved here , we figured the same would be true here . but in the west valley , there seemed to be a shortage . i decided to try this new little place by dunkin donuts after pregnancy cravings subject me to good flied lice . wow . we have been so impressed by everything : the service , the food and the amount you get for the money , the quickness in preparation , the cleanliness . just fyi , we wanted to make sweet and sour chicken into a combo which isnt offered on the menu . when we called the goodyear location , they wouldnt do it , but this location on west thomas did . so make no mistake about it , good chinese food in the west valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only eaten here and stopped in person for take-out , but as hard as it is to get good chinese food in phoenix that does n't make you feel sick afterwards , i really hope this place succeeds because the food is incredible . incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only reason you can call this place a chinese restaurant is because there are chinese looking people behind the counter . the food is some of the worst tasting unhealthy fare around . if you order the orange chicken for example , you will find that about 50 % of yor chicken serving is batter ! ... this soaks up a lot of oil and thus , fat ! ..the bright side ? it 's across a hospital . i say this coz that 's where you 'll end up if you keep eating here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some of the best fast food chinese food i have had in a long time . the resturant was very clean and had a nice look to it . i had the mongolian beef is was very tasty and it was a good value as well . the people working were very polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has quickly become our favorite local chinese joint . the food is quick and cheap . much better than most of the chinese places around the glendale west phoenix area . it 's very nice and clean inside if you want to dine in . ca n't say that for other chinese places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good chinese food . a little further from my home than others but i come here when i want to change it up a little . mongolian beef is really good . consistent food each time we 've ordered . we 'd come more often if it was closer , but it 's worth the drive every now and then .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the shrimp in lobster sauce i had last nights was actually pretty good . the woman who was nearly impossible to understand on the phone called it `` shrimp with vegetables in lobster sauce '' it was close enough . it did however have a bit too much broccoli for my taste and the sauce was a bit watery , i 'm used to a more viscose lobster sauce . the egg drop soup was also good , but the fact that it had corn in it threw me off a bit . overall a good experience and i will definitely be back , a little further away that other chinese places closer to my home , but well worth the drive . my only complaint is that the bottled sodas were $ 2 and you have to pay .25\u00a2 for chili oil .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i still continue to frequent yans . i love the crab puffs and egg rolls . great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they give you large portions so i would suggest sharing . i 'm not a big fan of orange chicken but theirs was actually pretty good . great customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kung pow ! ! ! great quick chinese food , i had the kung pou and was very happy with the large chunks of chicken and fresh vegetables . very fresh and good food , highly recommend for a quickie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really good , i like their house fried rice and its big portion size . oh they have the most awesome fried dumpling , my mouth is drooling just thinking about it . i normally order there at least 2 to 3 time a month sometime to go or eat in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i are new to the phoenix area and have been in search of a yummy chinese food restaurant . well , our search is finally over . this place has very tasty and fresh chinese food . my fianc\u00e9 loves the bbq pork appetizer and orange chicken and i 'm very fond of the beef and broccoli . we usually order delivery and the food is always delivered fast and hot . i ca n't wait to try more items from the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good , but the fried rice had a burnt taste to me , my sister said it 's good but it tasted funny to me . but overall everything else we had was good", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great chinese for a fast easy fix . i 've been going here for years ! orange chicken is my families favorite ! the pork egg foo young has a ton of vegetables and is worth your dollar . the staff is friendly and the location is clean . only down side was the bathroom door does n't shut it seems to be jammed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ive been here 3 times . it 's decent prices for the portions and food is great ! service is fast and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place i get the same everytime curry shrimp with extra curry sauce and chicken fried rice . quick service , clean and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bomb a $ $ veggie fried rice and veggie egg rolls ! fried rice was a huge serving size and loaded with tons of fresh veggies ! broccoli , zucchini , sugar snap peas , carrots , peas , bok choy and so much more ! egg rolls were perfectly crisp but light and not too heavy . this was a very unexpected find and i 'm so happy i ran into it ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm recovering from surgery and limited to liquid diet soft food . i ordered the wonton soup , did n't eat anything from it but sipped the juice and it tasted good . i 'm scared of trying new foods . haha ! most of the other meals look tasty . i 'll come back and try again . it looks better than panda .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "impressive hospital for chance treatment and medical research . i checked in my uncle there last week for cancer exam and the medical team went beyond their ability to do all they can to make sure my uncle gets the best medical treatment possible out there . thank you to doctors and the nurses who dedicate their time to save life 's at the princes margaret hospital . special thank you to doctor arda arabian who is part of the medical team of the cancer research for providing all it could be possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they need better signage . i thought i was in mount sinai for the first two hours ! i was there helping my friend with her mom , so i did n't pay attention to where we were going , i just followed the leader ! ha ! for the amount of staff were encountered , most were very nice and pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the princess margaret hospital is the md anderson of canada : the best in cancer care . a close friend was referred to the princess margaret by north york general hospital , because preliminary results indicated some trouble . further sophisticated testing at the princess margaret was able to shed more light on cancerous cells in other parts of the body as well . having visited both north york general and princess margaret , the difference between the two could n't be more stark . the doctors and staff at princess margaret that we dealt with had impeccable credentials , were very thorough , informative , helpful and friendly . for a place that deals with harrowing cases on a daily basis , there is n't much cynicism or heartlessness at this hospital . just lots of passion and commitment to making the best out of an unfortunate situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in la and am so excited that `` carlos '' has opened a new location that i can stop off in on my way to visit family in phoenix . their food is one of the things i look forward to most when i get back to arizona , even if it 's only a few times a year - i ca n't visit without getting a # 13 combination to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes macayos taste authentic . in a city full of incredible mexican food , how do places like this stay in business ? salsa is from either a can or jar . c'mon guys , even this fat white boy from mn can make killer salsa in 10 mins . chicken chimi covered in chili con queso sauce had no spice or flavor . beans tasted a week old . rice was good . the only thing mexican in here is my waiter and i 'm sure he does n't eat this slop . skip this place and head to raul and theresa 's ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the shine is off this apple . after several satisfying visits ( shortly after its opening ) we 've been back on occasion to find the food and especially the service on the decline . perhaps the ownership has lost focus or they brought in their `` a-team '' for the opening ? the wait staff is no longer attentive to drinks , chips , etc . i 've witnessed one of them openly complaining about mediocre tips . this place needs to turn it around or it will hemorrhage cash and be closed in a matter of months .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic awesome tacos ! decent deals for happy hour lunch specials and i would highly recommend the $ 2 tacos on tuesdays ( 2 tacos would satisfy all but the hungriest of eaters ) . very quiet for our two lunch visits although it 's not exactly a bustling location in general . service was fast and the other food entrees that we 've tried have been good - chimichanga , pollo fundito , etc all were as expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chips and salsa = good margarita = very good service = very good carne asada plate = not that great . would not recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst mexican food i 've had since we moved to phoenix arizona . the food was very bland and the service was not very good either . we will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced bland mexican food . atmosphere does n't fit the place and feels awkward . i was really surprised to find that even during happy hour my girlfriend and i had a $ 49 tab for 2 meals and 3 drinks . i would avoid this place at all costs . i mean you are on the westside of the valley where you are not more than a stones throw in most any direction for really good mexican food . it 's akin to going to somewhere like kansas and having mexican food where the average patron has no idea what traditional mexican food tastes like . no bueno .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was visually unappetizing and taste horrible . drinks were even worse ... . drinks on happy hour are nasty.. environment is basic and uninviting . ( tiles in bar area , same color ( puke green ) as tiles leading into the bathroom . very commercial . not good for date or fun happy hour .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service everytime ! ! ! ! does n't matter who 's on staff , the food is great and we never once ran out of drinks ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bartender was wiping his nose before making drinks without washing his hands . bean dip is delicious but i do n't think so when you add boogers to it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visiting from out of town . was just off the 10e , easy to find . signs out on avondale are convenient . chips and salsa were good . the service was great and extremely helpful . the chimi 's my wife and i had were both on point . we will definitely be eating here again when we visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst service i have ever experienced in my life ! never able to book an appointment when you call or email . even if you finally get a chance to go to the clinic so that you can at least get an appointment , you wo n't have anything until next two months . and if you want a refund because you are not getting any service ? you ca n't do it in the spot because they need to talk to the owner . i am now waiting for my refund ... i just hope i can get this refund and do n't have to come to that paled ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never trust this place ! ! ! i booked 8 sessions in advance by their website and it was easy and convenient to use ! after the 3rd appointment , every appointment was cancelled just few hours before my actual appointment . so like 6 hours before my appointment i receive an email to tell me that ( your appointment was cancelled by the admin ) . tried to contact them through email and phone ! no response ! even in the 3 times that i went , the staff were not friendly at all . they usually kept me waiting between 10-25 minutes to get to my appointment and did n't even apologies ! i really hate this experience ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "none of my subsequent appointments were on time , i was always left waiting in the hall for someone to show up , or sitting on the couch because they fit in an appointment before me without letting me know i would be pushed back to a different time . i always left feeling sticky because there was no towel provided to rub off the gel from the laser . all that is in the room is extremely rough low quality paper towel ( if you can even call it that ) . there was no noticeable difference in my leg hair growth . i understand that you need to have a certain number of treatments but even the technician was saying that i should notice something by this stage . not sure if it 's just an old , or bad machine , but definitely not something worth wasting your money on . i was not really impressed with the space . you should feel some sort of luxury or even just some comfort during these type of procedures . everything just seemed so run down and mediocre .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service . the only staff lies to the customers and is not considerate at all . when i came for my appointment the staff told me to hurry up because there was going to be someone else coming , so i hurried and ended my session but after there was no one at all , she just wanted to go on her lunch break early . things like you should not eat 2 hours before treatment is never told in person to you , when you say that to her she defends herself by saying that you should have read the website before coming in . do not come to this place if you want decent service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a fantastic experience . went for laser hair removal . lovely ladies . i will be going back asap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good . i am new to laser hair removal and purchased a groupon . i had my first treatment and am really glad the technician took the 'start low go slow ' approach . i walked out with no redness nor irritation . the technician is super friendly and it really made my appointment zip by . she was also very caring and considerate of after care post laser . i had no problems at all redeeming my groupon like the previous reviewer had . i will definitely review again after my second treatment in six weeks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited this shelter to 'browse ' and left with an adorable kitten . note to self : impossible to browse kittens when you really want a kitten . the staff here was helpful and the shelter was much cleaner and well maintained than others i have seen . they do adoptions for about 99 dollars , but mine was literally on sale for the month of june ( ! ) and my kitten was a cool 30 bucks . they offer vouchers for spaying neutering and vaccines , and he was already dewormed , vaccinated , and surprisingly house-trained at 9 weeks old . they provided a license , some wet and dry kitten food , and did this fabulously sci-fi microchip implantation thing . bonus : they have dogs too , if you are into that sort of thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just adopted a stray from the tas south shelter and felt the whole process went smoothly and we got the best puppy around . he is happy and healthy and has been neutered and microchipped as well as had his first round of shots already . i saw him on the website and fell in love and , when i called , the woman on the phone gave me further information on our puppy . she even recommended we get down there soon because once people get off work there is a rush and he would be the first to go . glad she told me that otherwise i would not have him today . so happy with him and highly recommend adopting from here . other organizations can take weeks to finalize an adoption . ours took very little time and we walked home with the sweetest puppy ever . thanks for making it painless and enjoyable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love love love tas-south . i 've always wanted a beagle , and so i kept looking at the website postings of dogs that they had at the shelter . a quick visit and one look at her and i knew i had to have her ! we walked her around the exhibition grounds and came back to the office to let them know we were definitely taking her . the staff here is so nice . since we were dog newbies , they gave us some items to take home ( a toy she played with , a blanket , and a crate since she was starting to crate train ) . and they really do care about their animals . i could tell the staff member we dealt with was a bit sad to see her go , but also happy to know that she had found her forever home . ca n't say enough about this place . adopt from shelters ! best dog ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we adopted our dog , dottie , from tas south and they were so friendly and thorough . plus , tas is such an essential service , they help people find their lost pets , take in surrenders , and help strays . this particular facility is really clean and lovely . they do amazing work . i gladly get my pets licensed each year knowing the money is going back to tas and supporting such a great service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my story is a bit unique . a few months after the passing away of alphie ( my elder 18 year old cat ) my veterinarian invited me to meet 'tia ' at his clinic . we met and it was love at first sight . tia was approximately 2 years old , a beautiful and very petite mackerel tabby . i learned she had been a 'client ' at the toronto animal services ( tas ) and my veterinarian was an adoption partner . tia is the sweetest tempered cat , and i know that she received lots of love while at the tas . tia is now 8 years old and as sweet as ever , thanks to you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after finally finding the shelter - lol - we not only had a wonderful experience in adopting our charlie ( the shelter had named her carmen ) but the staff were great . very friendly and easygoing . i was an emotional mess when we were there because , if i could , i would take all the animals with us but my partner reminded me that we 're at least rescuing one ... and she 's been an absolute joy . huge kudos to the staff at this shelter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service , closed sundays , reasonable prices . no frills service with a smile . oh , and it 's 100 feet away from my place ... can one complain ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while these owners are very nice and friendly , it was $ 29 for 2 pairs of pants and 4 shirts ! ! ! that is pretty high for dry cleaning ... i wish i could have found their prices either on here or on their website when i was searching because i definitely would n't have gone here if i knew the prices . organic or not , it should n't be over $ 7 per pair of pants , anywhere !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm downtown so this is a bit of a drive for me but i really appreciate this dry cleaners commitment to green cleaning practices . you know how some clothing comes back from the dry cleaners with a funky smell from all the chemicals ? not this one ! beyond that , the owners are the nicest , friendliest people ever and my stuff is always ready before the promised date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service ever . s & $ @ ty job for a load of money that they will not refund . if you are looking for a quality service , this is not a place to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "organic cleaning - i had to look this up . it simply means they do n't use perc , a long used as a solvent in dry cleaning , can cause dizziness , headaches , nausea , and irritations of the skin , eyes , nose as well as liver and kidney damage and cancer in humans . i am very sensitive to smell . so i can really appreciate them not using perc . they are also very prompt and do same day cleaning ! ! i 'd pay a little more to get my clothes cleaned the way i want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a chinese restaurant masquerading as a thai restaurant . for chinese food it is about average , but i still would n't really recommend it . for thai food , it is a far cry from authentic . go to little bangkok in the strip or little nicky 's for great thai food in the 'burgh . crab rangoons were not crisp and the `` dunkin '' noodles were not really even close to the real thing . wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a nice small take out restaurant . the people there are nice and always seem to have a smile on . as a seafood lover , i ordered the spicy seafood which is a thai dish . love it , great taste , goes well with white rice . black pepper chicken is one of kind , i recommend this highly . as for the appetizers , the crab rangoon and fried dumplings are great . overall a good experience at asian house . will recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . hands down best chinese i have had in pittsburgh so far . it is fresh and always good . staff is nice and they have a few tables so you can eat inside . prices are very good . only thing stopping 5 stars is no boneless spare ribs but there general tso is amazing so i get that w the special lomein .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you buy a car from this dealership have it inspected on a lift . most places charge 20 to 30 dollars . bought a car there and drive it 20 miles and the next morning found a fluid in my driveway . i thought it was from a sloppy oil change . found out today it needs a rack and pinion and two rod ends . so much for there big inspection the the tv host talk about . waiting to see if they are going to fix it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't buy a car today from victory ... .however mark upton was our sales rep and he was awesome . very polite and accommodating in the car buying atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried to inquire about a specific vehicle multiple times and never received any answers . when i went in to drive the vehicle the salesman seemed disinterested in helping me . there were multiple issues with the vehicle i wanted and expressed my concern about what if any was going to be fixed and i never got a clear answer . i 'm actually ready to buy a vehicle right now and they have the one i 'd want but ca n't tell me anything to make me go back and buy it . crazy , i guess they do n't need the business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only reason this is getting 1 star is bc the sales guy was very knowledgeable about what he was talking about . if it was n't for him this would get a 0 . the cars we looked at were so gross inside , i could n't believe they showed them like that . they told us they do not detail the cars before issuing them they just vacuum . one car had about an inch worth of dirt in the back and all in the vents and was so nasty . i was suppose to receive an email from them with what inventory they had that had what i was looking for . no one ever sent it . we did n't want to go in there but we saw they had the best prices . now i understand why . we left and went straight to a different dealership and got the same price with a certified tahoe that was detailed and washed and even still had the new car smell . if you are looking i would not even walk into this place . it will be a waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sales staff was very helpful and professional . we received a quick response from the internet manager and they had the car ready for us when we got there . everyone was very friendly . we definitely recommend victory chevrolet . ( also very kid friendly ... we have 2 toddlers and the play area was great to keep them content )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they will do whatever they need to do to get over on you . purchased a vehicle from them and was completely mislead . extremely shady car salesmen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to this place because i saw a used vehicle that i really liked and we were looking to get my payment down . once inside it took 30 minutes to just talk to a sales person . then he was a waste of time . he looked my car up on kelly blue book and gave us a price that blew me away in a bad away . he said something about how they buy cars in bulk and then sell them but tells me they will give me 4,000 $ less then the same car they are selling on their lot with more miles . the vibe we got was they had no time for us .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was skeptical about returning to make my 6th car purchase today , based on a semi negative experience during my most recent purchase in 2016 . should have followed my gut ! i simply requested if the sales manager , could make minor adjustments to the sticker price due to my multiple purchases and loyalty . ( 6 car purchases in 4 years ) . he became argumentative and quite condescending as if i , the customer , offended him by asking for the best deal available being a long term , repeat customer ! what a customer disservice . i feel completely disrespected .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finance guy flat out lied to me . he said the loan percentage rate was not negotiable even though the contract clearly says that it was . i think that 's unethical if not criminal . i went ahead and took the loan under his `` non negotiable '' terms knowing i would get a better rate elsewhere . 2 weeks later i now have a 3.5 % rate which will save me $ 1,800 over the life of the loan . most importantly the finance guy loses his commission on the bogus `` non negotiable rate ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mark upton was an amazing salesman . the rest of the staff was awesome as well . got the best deals on vehicle 's . extremely amazing people , i would refer anyone to go there at anytime they need a vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leave my car dirty uninstall properly and unfinished assembly all the part try to overcharge hours based on installation book take all day long with appointment already set up", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a huge improvement over another chevrolet dealership in rock hill that i will never go back to . biggest advantage is victory starts working on your vehicle at appointment time versus only securing a slot . from time of arrival to departure , 27 minutes . service department kept me up to date on status overall experience was great . i will definitely return for future service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and they got ok service department . nice new location also !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to make this short and sweet . this establishment employs professionals . we ran into a couple of obsticles on the way to my car purchase , and they removed them ! businesses need more employees like kimberly , brent , and wade that are so dedicated to customer service and customer satisfaction . if you are thinking about or going to buy a vehicle , go to victory chevrolet first . you will not find a better group of people to help you into your next new or used vehicle ! sincerely , jason n .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased a car yesterday and were extremely pleased with our experience . david lackey was our sales specialist , and mike smith was our finance manager . they were both professional and pleasant to work with . we went initially to look at a car we 'd seen online , but ended up purchasing a different vehicle . we are very pleased with our new vehicle and the manor in which we were taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enquired about a couple vehicles they had on autotrader received a prompt response i setup to see the vehicle the next day when i got there it was usual hand off to an another person . the vehicle i came to see was filthy and in rough condition and experience rental straight out off a rental with peanuts and half drank water bottle in it . recieved a half hearted justification about the vehicle just getting in despite evidence to the contrary . drove 2 hours for that ! thanks for wasting my time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was great ! ! ! the customer service was awesome and i loved the free ice cream lol lol i really did though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boulders is a great place to climb whether you 're beginner or expert , serious or casual . there are a variety of routes , and they change them up often , so there 's always a new challenge . there are plenty of top rope , lead , and bouldering options for all skill levels . the atmosphere is always fun and upbeat , with good tunes playing and friendly , helpful staff . the shop can hook you up with gear , i got a great deal on some shoes during one of their sales . whether you 're already a climber , looking to get into the sport , or just want a fun way to get some exercise , boulders is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much cheaper than the climbing gyms i 'm used to in ca ! but also a lot smaller , a looot smaller ! the top rope walls are about half as high and you have to go thru a belaying lesson before they even let you use their ropes ( which is weird because almost every rope i saw had a grigri ) . one of my friends was new to climbing and we said we would show her how to belay and they said it was n't allowed to even teach her in their facility unless we 're actual climbing instructors . i 'm sure it 's just one of their safety policies but i have never been to a gym like that . sooo we were limited to only bouldering , not a big deal , but it would have been nice to know that beforehand . but anywho , the routes were pretty fun and the crowd was friendly . i went back a few times during my stay in wisconsin and even met a few new friends . would def go back on my next trip to madison !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boulders is a very nice gym for bouldering , not so much for top-roping . the place is expensive , which is why i usually climb at the sett in union south . the bouldering route selection is very nice and their ratings are accurate . i 've only been twice so i do n't know how often they change their routes . top-roping is a bit of a mess , routes are short and they get way too busy way too quickly . in general the place is really expensive for what it is and i 've only been there through discounts . every night they have some 10 $ tickets for certain categories ( e.g. , students on tuesdays ) . they have a 10 punch card for 110 dollars which could be a good idea ( does n't include rental , which i do n't need ) . i 'll go back again every other month .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not awesome at being athletic , but i recently got into climbing through some friends of mine . i 've been to boulder 's only a few times , but i found it nice , clean and friendly . there are a good number of climbing walls , equipment to rent and instructors to help . tuesday night is college night so it 's only 8 $ for belay-certified climbers and boulder-ers . also , another option for cheap climbing is to go an hour and a half before close ( also 8 $ ) . in addition , there are classes , party opportunities and a climbing team . note the last time i went on college night it was fairly crowded and hard to find a wall ( although part of that is because i 'm picky about what paths to climb ) . i do n't think this is always the case but it was a little daunting for a beginner-climber .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three years ago , i thought boulders was a fantastic climbing gym . the routes were varied and changed on a regular basis . secondly , the staff was extremely friendly , knowledgeable and went out of their way to make boulders a gym that stood out from the rest . but now , three years later , the climbs are primarily bouldering focused which is fine but they lack creativity and are rarely changed . the main issue with the gym currently , is the staff . the staff is uninviting , lacks climbing insight and will not make much of an effort for the customer . not to mention , the music is uninteresting and lacks motivation for the climber . but i will give them the benefit of the doubt because there is potential . let 's hope changes are made to the atmosphere of the facility to make it more personal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good climbing gym with lockers , reasonable rates , and friendly instructors . they have many different levels for everyone . we saw little kids and older people trying different walls . we went because they had a bogo deal in the bucky book . but after our experience , we 'll definitely go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a variety of bouldering , top roping , and lead routes for an average price . i 'd recommend it for newcomers and experienced people alike . a day pass with shoe rental is just under $ 20 . i opted for the monthly pass at $ 45 and have tried to go twice a week for the past 6 months . they refresh the routes often enough that it keeps the climbs interesting . the staff is friendly and can assist when requested . this gym also has yoga classes quite often . i 've gone to a dozen or so with the different instructors . i found that yoga is a great warm-up for climbing and it 's a good body stress reliever after spending a long day sitting in an office . i do recommend they get another chalk dust eater ( i.e . air filter ) because it 's gets dusty stuffy in there . all in all , this is a good spot to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here last weekend . i found the price for the daily pass and rental of harness with a first-time orientation very reasonable at around $ 14-18 ( check their website for latest prices ) . even though the place got crowded ( with a lot of kids ) there were plenty of walls always available to try at all levels , and the adults there were laid back . place was chill and i did n't feel intimidated to try everything . they have a high level `` bouldering '' section away from all the kiddos ; which is nice . the only thing i noticed when i first walked in , was the barefoot smell lol reminded me of playgrounds growing up ; and it gets pretty hot in there during the summer . they do have fans in there but- it does n't help much . i was expecting those two things though , so whatever . i had a lot of fun and i highly recommend going with a friend to help you with the ropes and harness if it 's your first time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it . i learned about this through groupon and fell in love . it 's a great place to go after work to let loose and use some muscles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gym was terrible . the rentals had tears . no hold had friction everything was scummy and polished . the setting is confusing with different color holds and tape . they set same color tape near each other so it 's extremely confusing . also , all the sets were made for specifically 6 foot tall people or something . never coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent bouldering gym . the membership is a fantastic deal ( especially if you 're a student ) . routes and boulder problems are set by experienced setters who keep things interesting and like to put style into their work . problems change on a regular basis to keep things interesting but not too quickly . top ropes are set up along with draws for sport climbing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very relaxed atmosphere . its a great place to go when you are first learning how to climb but gets frustrating when you want to advance and get more involved . the courses are shorter and there are few lead routes . in the summer it gets pretty hot and can also get pretty crowded if you go anytime between 5 pm and 8 pm . however , the best option in the area to climb , the sett at union south has only one wall and there is always a long wait to climb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over priced fish -and a rip off . anybody looking for fish do n't go there your gon na pay more than usual , also between tank and cash register the price might change . owner is a arrogant dick ! ! ! ! something is fishy in this store . the service makes me feel like i am stepping into a diner in 1960s georgia . ( if you know what i mean )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are looking for fish supplies , check something fishy out . they focus on african cichlids , but have other fish as well . at one point they were doing some saltwater , but i think for the most part , it 's freshwater now . the owner , dave hale , has literally hundreds of tanks in the store and breeds many of his own fish . he is very helpful with regard to helping out with tank set up and stocking . you will not get this kind of service at a chain store that has an aquarium section .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a tiny store located at the corner , most famous for their cichlid . if you are into cichlid , this is the store for you . they also sell drift wood and basic aquarium supplies . do n't have much freshwater plants , usually almost none , unless you are lucky and visit the store when they happen to have some plants there . overall , a great place for cichlid fish and supply . not so much for someone who wanted a planted tank . the owner can be pretty helpful . he will likely direct you to local stores around the area if you are looking for something different that they do n't carry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lfs ! has lots of cichlids from large to small . dave is nice guy and is very helpful . prices are a little too high sometimes , depending on what your looking for . shop can feel a little too small when there are a lot of customers . i try to go on the week days when it 's slower .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you 've hit a home run if you go there . great selection , personally owned , not a chain . solid advice . and people that run it care ! ! ! ! also , special thanks for embracing my son and showing him all around ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection . patient people , great with kids . really trying to inspire another generation of fish lovers . trust their advice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "something fishy is one of the best freshwater aquarium stores around cleveland if not the best . they usually have a great selection of cichlids , plecos , and oddball tropical fish . the owner , dave , is a great guy and a great source for tips and information .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of healthy fish . owner is a stand up guy and down to earth . the 1 review he got was made by a woman who made an account just to bash on him . just go see for yourself . great place to get some cichlids and oddballs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you walk in , you 're assaulted with a decor that some people think represents hawaii : surfboards , pineapples , a smattering of `` exotic '' words and sayings , twangs on a uke overhead , and bold splashes of green and blue . very , very slick and expected marketing . as you can tell , this is a turn-off for me , because it 's inauthentic . it 's a little much . but the food is decent . the grilled mahi mahi plate is actually good because the fish tastes fresh ( for az ) and there is a brown rice option . the mac salad is a little bland and the dipping sauces simply confuse me . they bring nothing to the items on the plate . i 've also had the katsu ( breaded fried chicken ) which was ok , but did n't hit the right note .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! i always get the kalua pork . i used to get the teriyaki chicken but my family accidentally got me the pork and i never went back . i usually get the double meat ( two portions ) with the macaroni salad and white rice . they changed the macsroni salad a while back ( i like the old one better ) but i still like it . love the little black seeds the my use for seasoning ( no idea what they 're called ) . they just updated the floor and made some decor changes . looks good . great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty expensive for the portion size , but the food is great ! i would recommend the loco moco . i also tried the malasadas , which were pretty good , but not as great as the ones you get in hawaii . the staff there are also really friendly . would definately recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having lived in hawaii for over 5 years , i constantly have a craving for hawaiian food . moki 's reminds me of little local restaurants in hawaii . when i walk in i feel like i 'm back in the islands . the atmosphere is very local style and the people are totally laid back . the decor has a do-it-yourself feel that is local kine . i 've tried every hawaiian restaurant in the valley and this is by far my favorite . i go back often and highly recommend moki 's to anyone looking for some great hawaiian eats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good , the place was clean and the prices were fair . the service was friendly and efficient . i would recommend and return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here today to try out their food . guess what i ate first ? ? ! the grandma chocolate cake ! i noticed that the people who ate there ordered the cake . so mine as well try it . it was so delish ! ! i got the vanilla and pineapple ice cream ( on a separate container ) . the cake was so moist and it goes with the vanilla and pineapple ice cream . for the entrees i ordered katsu & sticky chicken with macaroni salad it was ok . i was digging more onto my boyfriend 's plate , he had teriyaki beef and kalua pork with hawaiian salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here was alright . nothing spectacular . the service was really subpar and i do n't know , the waitress must have been high or something . the food did n't taste bad , but it also was n't a wowzer . ono is much better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good , really authentic hawaiian faire at really fair prices ... . great service , always smiling and friendly , they really make you feel ohana . : ) we are regulars at this little place and will remain so for many visits to come . btw , the first friday of each month , they throw a luau for $ 10 person ... .great value ! i whole heartedly recommend this place for super good food , good times . love the ambience and decor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite thing is good hawaiian food and what a find moki 's was . set back in a shopping plaza we almost missed it . i got the two meat special . the kalbi ribs and the sticky chicken which came with your choice of salad ( macaroni or mixed greens with the house dressing ) , and white or brown rice . it was delicious . my favorite were the ribs . just like they made them in hawaii . the restaurant really had an island feel with hawaiian music playing in the background and everyone was greeted with `` aloha '' . made me so homesick for maui . the food was so good i had to compliment the chef . if you ever get to this part of town try moki 's you wo n't be disappointed . i 'll be back..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant inside is beautiful . but the food is absolutely disgusting if you want to taste real hawaiian food , go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time here , found rhis little jem of a resturant in mesa az . every first friday of the month $ 12 all you can eat between 6-8pm . family run owned and ran . i would suggest this place for good food and fun . they cater to.. wish we had one in reno nevada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have tried this place a couple times.have young kids running the place and quality of food has gone way down . i got kalbi and terri chicken both were cold and tasted like they had been cooked and sitting for awile . kalbi did not have any of the bones tasted like scrap meat no flavor , cold and very dry . chicken was cold and dry also . if i did not have take out and have went back to work i would of taken it back . sad to say gave it two chances will never go back hire a manager that will take some pride in their job clean house with those that dont care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brings the taste of the islands here in az . we have been eating here for several years and never had a bad meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , this place was not clean . tables were not wiped , chairs were all over the place , trach cans were overflowing , floors were dirty , finished plates were on table still . overall , dirty ! food was alright , i 've had better hawaiian food . presentation was n't impressing . rice scoops were for babies . islanders have huge appetites so it was shocking to see i got so little . it did fill me up though , cuz i ordered three meats and helped my sister finish her food lol ! the place wasnt loud , so it was somewhat peaceful . service , felt bad for the cute girl . she was doing everything herself . serving food , wiping tables , clearing tables , cashier , and making desserts . she seemed calm so i think she did a great job , but alot of work on her hands . i gave two stars just because i was disappointed . pics came out nice though . lol i would recommend this as a last resort if u r hungry ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a great meal . we had the one item combos . one with sticky chicken and the other with kalua pork . both full of flavor and although it takes a while to prepare grab an appetizer because waiting is well worth it . the rice is not dry . full of flavor . the pork and chicken were seasoned well . my fav is the mac salad . just like in maui . small business that caters to it 's customers . they also do catering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother was born and raised in hawaii and i 've lived there myself . this is pretty authentic hawaiian lunch plate food . everything is spot on ( except the malasadas but i 'll get back to that ) . i had the two meat plate with teriyaki chicken and kalua pork . both were great . the macaroni salad is definitely hawaiian style . my daughter got the hawaiian salad as her side and i tried it - i loved it ! it 's light and refreshing with a kicky vinaigrette . they have a few dessert options . the dole pineapple soft serve is delicious . i was so excited to see malasadas on the menu , but was disappointed that they were n't the real deal . they are essentially fried biscuit dough coated in too much sugar - awful . not even close to what you get at leonard 's or champion bakery in hawaii . i 'd give moki 's 5 stars if it were n't for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the food , but the service leaves something to be desired . we 've never heard a greeting , or a thank you any of the times we 've gone in . a little on the pricey side too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was good , the kalua pork had little to no cabbage , i 'm from the islands and used to a lot of cabbage . the portions are small too for the price . the girl was friendly very cheerful . the boys behind cooking ( they looked like teenagers ) seemed very busy . ono 's is far from me so other than that it 's pretty good going to try the poke next . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little tiny place , with big future ahead ! the girl working was really nice and friendly . my bf is from hawaii and he misses it so much . this is the only hawaiian restaurant i know that sells laulau . found them on groupon and this is our first try getting food there ( ordered to go cuz it 's already late ) and we loved it there ! prices were affordable and reasonable . music was awesome ! perfect with the theme they got going . we are definitely coming back to dine in next time for sure when we have time it was almost a 40minute drive ! i gave 4 stars because it was a bit of a drive.. if only they were by phoenix or somewhere closer downtown ^_^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i have visited this place for almost a decade now and have enjoyed their food . for a graduation party we 've had their food catered ( kalua pork ) . i wish their selection of milkshakes was still as large as it once was . i 'm only docking a star because of our recent visit . from what i 'm guessing , they 're under new management , as evidenced by the staff . when we entered , the tables were n't cleaned off and were sticky . next time we will try the outdoor seating ( when we would visit moki 's in the past they did not have outdoor seating ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the portions are good sized and the price is fair , i just prefer the sauce and macaroni salad at ono over this place . the staff are friendly and fill your order quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had to kill some time and was hungry so i found mokis . i had the teriyaki chicken and hawaiian salad as a side . the food was good and flavorful but for $ 9.00 a bit pricey for the amount you get . maybe you get less rice and salad in the `` to go '' box than the eat in plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's a great place to grab a quick casual meal . the food is always fresh and tastes clean . i leave feeling satisfied but not guilty . the staff could use some help . they do n't do well when it 's busy but for the most part everyone is still friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "luau ! ! ! ( not sure if i spelled that correctly ) this place is awesome . so friendly and the food is delicious ! and ever first friday is all you can eat grub . i 'm loving this place and will be back often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food if your missing some home cooked island food . lau lau 's are awesome and so is the kahluha pig ( sorry brah , i still like my aunties better ) . nice atmosphere and kitschy . reminds of a couple of the shrimp shacks on north shore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really neat authentic hawaiian restaurant . the food was good i had the teriyaki beef . my friend had the dish with a fried egg on it it looked good too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the record , i lived in hawaii for the past 3 years . ordered chicken katsu , ribs , double mac salad . 2 spam musubis . poke with white rice . poke was pretty good , flavor was nice . the pieces were big , and im used to smaller pieces . mac salad was good . spam musubi was okay , but could be a lil lighter with the rice . too much rice over powers the spam in my opinion . the katsu was a bit disappointing . the pieces were small and the flavor was missing something . if you 're craving some aloha flavors , try this place out . just do n't expect food straight from the island .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the mokisada dessert with coconut ice cream is fabulous ! ! ! i enjoy the two meat combo with katsu chicken . the teriyaki beef can be good but sometimes it 's too fatty with grisly pieces . the shredded pork is good too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the best hawaiian food i have had . the chicken katsu was crunchy but it was the weirdest katsu sauce i have ever had . the white rice was completely tasteless and the macaroni salad was very blah as well . my husband was n't thrilled with his beef either . we have n't gone back and i do n't think we will .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their food is delicious , fresh - made , full of flavor , and they are always staffed by the sweetest kids ! bring the family , this place is awesome ! when the weather is cooler , outdoor seating on the patio can not be beat ! almost feels like the islands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is very good . i gave 3 stars due to price . it 's a bit over priced for the food and portion size . one visit i did the bowl which includes rice an chicken etc . the scoop of rice was too small and not that much meat . they need to lower their prices a couple dollars or give more food . if you do n't mind over paying a small amount , then go . the food is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live near tucson , but whenever i have business in the valley , i never fail to stop at moki 's . i even stopped on the way back to home from sedona last month . i 'm very familiar with hawaiian cuisine , so this place rocks ! everything i 've tried has been outstanding . we have a couple of hawaiian places in tucson , but they 're no comparison to moki 's . furthermore , i do n't want haoli 's making my local food , and that 's what you get with the tucson hawaiian restaurants . moki 's , you 'll always have my business . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food , we had a groupon and they didnt honor it exactly as it was written , which is ok since the food was so good . wish it was closer to home . chicken and beef both excellent ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here with a groupon , it was all-inclusive for the two of us . i had the # 1 , teriyaki chicken , my wife had the # 3 , sticky chicken . it came out fast , it was all very good , and we would like to come back for sure . also it should be noted that the people are super nice and the atmosphere is casual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have loco moco so that 's a plus . the mac salad gave me bubble guts , so that 's a minus . i gave it a 3 but the bubble guts should probably drive it down to a 2 or a 1 , but i 'm in a holiday mood . that being said , i do n't think i 'll go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love ! the teriyaki beef and the kalua pork with the mac salad and and rice . for dessert i had the grandmas caramel chocolate cake . now let me tell you about this cake ... heavenly ! it 's chocolate cake with caramel and topped with macadamia nuts , whipped cream , toffee and a side of coconut ice cream . if you 're trying to watch the calories , this spot is not for you . but know you wo n't be disappointed with the food they have to offer . also there are a few items i would consider 'secret menu ' items . i 'm from hawaii and it had been awhile since i had manapua and when i mentioned it the lady who was helping me was totally cool and told me they could make it for me even though it was n't on the menu ! score ! yea , i 'm a happy camper ( polynesian ) : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw this on a groupon offer awhile and decided to give it a shot . had the teriyaki beef with rice . it was awesome : tender , juicy and flavorful . the slaw that came with it was also delicious . however the true star of the meal was the dessert . they had a macadamia nut cake with coconut pineapple ice cream drool is all i can say . a perfect ending to a meal . will absolute be coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a strip mall bar , someone took care in lighting and styling this sliver of a bar . a `` classics '' pub decor of an irish pub accomplished by having every other light on and dimmed . ensuring that if it is daytime , you will have to squint from the sun stinging when you leave . i liked the fake stained glass lighting above the bar . with anymore light the cheesiness might show through . through some miracle of physics they did fit darts and pool in the back of the pub . enough tvs to go around also . i did n't have any food , but i enjoyed the atmosphere enough to post it . this is really a 2.5 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , good service and good draft beer ... all at a reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so incredibly happy to be visiting home over the holidays and stop by brubakers . my trip home would not have been complete without some great lakes christmas ale with the sugar and cinnamon rim ! ! ! ! thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a bar not a restaurant . you have to walk through a cloud of smoke on the patio to get to the front door . i tried to eat here but it was an epic failure . the pretzels are lower quality than the frozen pretzels i used to buy from walmart in college and they overcharged for these from the listed menu price . i ordered the ruben and the first few bites were actually pretty good but then i pulled the hair out of my sandwich . but the do have pretty good drink happy hour specials . so like i said this is a bar , not a restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tanja rocks the place . great food and greater service . newer tvs and pool table . juke box and keno . the flat bread pizzas are a perfect choice for something delicious and not heavy . the lobster bisque is one of the best around when it 's available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burgers are outstanding . juicy and charbroiled over open charcoal flame . better than a back yard burger . best pb shake i have had in years . definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i live right across the street from this place . we decided to give it a try since it is new . i 've worked with food for many years , and this place exceeded our expectations . my burger looked amazing and tasted even better ! fries are fresh cut , and lemonade is made right in front of you with fresh lemons . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best burger i 've had in a long time . try the double and load it up with bacon . the charbroiled taste is like right off the grill . frys are seasoned and cooked perfect . will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first understand this is just a burger stand . its basic in so many ways . this isnt the hip new spot that does a burger that has crazy ingredients . this is a simple burger spot with simple selections , hot dog , burger , gyro , frys , shakes and lemonade . what this is though is good . the burger is a half lb burger ( 30 % bigger than a double double ) for $ 4.50 . if you want a fast food style burger and are in the area there is no other choice . no one else comes close to flavor value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a gourmet chef and in general i 'm pretty hard on restaurants . the food has to be at least as good as i make at home . well , i tell ya , lucky 's burgers beat mine by a long shot . i tried lucky 's for the first time yesterday and i have to say that lucky 's burgers are better tasting than any of the chain burgers , even 5guys . the place was clean ! the staff was very friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new little mom-and-pop shop . saw them on yelp and figured we would give them a try ... peanut butter shake was amazing ! great burgers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! ! i 've been all over the united states and i 've tried different cuisines . i 'm very picky about food and specially gyros . i must say this gyro sandwich was delicious . i like that the sauce was served in the side because other places put to much on them and u ca n't taste anything but sauce . that gyro sandwich was perfectly assemble i could see all the tasty ingredients . just delicious . also . the place is very clean and the customer service is fantastic . not like other restaurants . if you know what i mean . this place is a family own restaurant . the chef and may i ask thank you is the owner . and i believe the young lady at the register is the daughter . so also the owner . perfect customer service . i 'll sure be back to try the chicken sandwich and burgers . thank you all . ps . the music they play is nice and calm . very pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love being able to live across the street from this burger joint . anytime i am craving some delicious grub , i always jet immediately to lucky 's . they are extremely personable , while also serving yummy food . i love the butterscotch milkshake , french fries ( they use seasoning salt , yum ) , and bacon cheeseburger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just heard about this place from a co-worker and i 'm glad he recommended it . had a bacon charade burger plain ( the way i like it ) and it was delicious . the seasoning they put on the fries is good - next time i 'll ask for a little extra and the chocolate shake was yum . i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we saw that lucky 's was open with the already positive reviews and we are happy to add our thumbs up- we ordered ours to go- we live basically down the street so we knew it would still be hot ! we ordered 1 2 lb burgers , fries well done- all cooked beautifully and with the correct toppings we ordered ! we loved the char-broiled burger and was in a nice roll- bacon was excellent as well . we also had to try a hot dog- and it was super ! jumbo was split and charbroiled as well- best i 've had since moving here from nj ! finally , had to try the lemonade which was made right before our eyes- yum ! ! ! ! everything is cooked to order so do n't expect a rush job- it 's worth the wait . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband had a burger here a few weeks ago and i had a bite of it . it was so delicious ! i just had a burger there and my 11 y o son who is extremely picky had one also . he was so happy w his burger he went to tell the cashier himself how good his burger was . he also loved the brownie shake . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed my experience here ! ! ! i ordered a hamburger with extra jalape\u00f1os and it was delicious ! the fries have a great seasoning to them as well ! ! ! definitely a customer for life ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers great price great shakes great customer service ! ! we 've been waiting for this place to open for a while and it was worth the wait ! will definitely be coming back often ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove by this place for the last 3 months an kept telling myself i 'm going to stop an try it , so finally after 3 months later i decided to stop . now i regret spending my hard earned $ $ $ $ on a frachise burger . with this minumum wage hike making every place more expensive to eat at i going to support this small family owned business instead of the corporate sharks , i hope everyone who reads this will also support this place , lucky burger i am lucky i found you , from the first time i walked in i felt welcomed the 2 sisters were like sisters i never had , we chatted an laughed like we n\u00e9w each other for ever , , thank you ! ! big e out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding burgers and fries with great value , highly recommended . we have eaten their twice now basing that we live close and just found this place . it will be in our normal rotation , best burger in the moon valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a 1 4 lb burger with 1,000 & ranch , it was very delicious ! i decided to give the fresh squeezed lemonade a try and that was by far the best i have ever had . i finished my meal with a peanut butter banana shake which was also super yummy ! love love love this place . service is excellent , quick & friendly ! will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little place , mom pop run , contemporary look on the inside . outside does n't look like much , run down shopping center . food is awesome ! lip licking charbroiled taste , melted american cheese , low price ( $ 8 ) for 1 2 pound burger ( 2 patties ) , soda ( 20 ounce ) , fries fresh cut . if you 're `` fluffy '' chairs are a little shaky and uncomfortable . not recommended for large crowds , tables sit 4 . pepsi products , ( i can forgive ) 15 flavors of shakes , can combine two flavors before extra charges . very good eats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! ! this place is amazing . not only is the food great so are the people that work here . yolanda is such a sweet girl , she really makes this place fun and very family like . she knows almost everyone 's name and has a great attitude ! ! this is the third time my son and i have gone in and we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff ! fresh squeezed lemonade made right in front of you . awesome gyros and homemade burgers ! butterfinger shake was good too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went their twice last week . i got the burger and fries great meal . second time i got the grilled chicken and fries . the chicken was very good but i prefer the burger . the food is a great price . the fries omg amazing and the homemade thousand island . they have fresh squeezed lemonade which i have been thinking about the last 2 days it 's that good . the food comes out freshly made in under 10 minutes . this place will be in my rotation of lunch spots . the ladies behind the register are friendly as can be . to sum it up great food , great value , great service . i think i am going to try the milkshake next time . they only have 15 flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to place for a good burger . they are down the street from my house and have friendly service . i have tried all most everything but the hotdogs ( not really a hotdog person ) . the burgers are so good , their gyro are great . the lemonade is amazing you can tell they 're homemade which i love . wish they had bigger sizes . they shakes are awesome . so many flavors and you mix them if you want . all around this place is a great place for a quick bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable place with great food and fast friendly service got a cheeseburger with bacon grilled onions grilled jalape\u00f1o and thousand island sauce the shakes are really good too and everything on the menu is very affordable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing burgers ! simple menu and fast service ! definitely will recommend to more people i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , clean fast food style burger joint . friendly service but no restrooms . ( would n't be an issue if you live in the area but we had been running errands and live across town . ) fries are fresh cooked from real potatoes . reminded my husband of lenny 's burger shop but cleaner ! prices are good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm here visiting fro vegas my friend asked if i wanted to go.. when we pulled up i thought umm ok it looks like it will be ok. do n't be fooled by the store front look.. the burger and shakes are amazing ! the owner is very friendly and on the front lines greeting you herself ! i do n't yelp a lot but i 'll be back to say the same !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gyros at luckys are incredible , they do not skimp on the toppings , the burgers are huge and very juicy . the shakes cap off a great meal . the staff is very friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has always been around and around and around . absolutely fantastic and always has been for years . the place really does great burgers and fries . even their ranch is over the top . the burgers are always done and full of flavor , never over done or under done . been going here for years and always will !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super tasty burgers and shakes , friendly team and clean , cant be beat ! the jalapenos and green chili is a big plus , lots of options is sauces as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burgers , chili cheese fries and shakes were delicious ! very clean place and the service was excellent . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to lucky 's a few times and love the burgers and shakes here . the prices are beyond reasonable for what you get ... the burgers are large , very juicy and delicious . the shakes are thick and yummy . this is a wonderful family business and everyone is very friendly and inviting . i hope they are here to stay for a very long time . this will be my go to place for a delicious burger every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met my hubby for lunch here , burgers were good and the pineapple shake was amazing . will come back to get another gyro . girl at the front was super nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been in here a few times over the past few days and all i can say is that it 's been a very pleasurable experience . i have tried most things on the menu and i must say it 's really really good ! the burgers are awesome ! the shakes are incredible . and the service is stellar . it 's very clean inside with ample seating . i honestly do n't think i can find any negatives here . keep up the great work guys , you have a customer here that 's very happy and will be returning frequently !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers and fries . brownie shake was yummy . friendly , fast service at great price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for a burger and the fresh squeezed lemonade is the best ! the prices are reasonable and the place is so clean ! the shakes are to die for too ! ! ! the owners are super nice and accommodating . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time trying this burger shop , burger was great , 1 2 pounder was just the right size , was not sloppy but was not dry . frys were fantastic and the peanut butter shake was phenomenal . service excellent , overall all loved it and ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came with a friend to place to-go order . he really likes this burger shop , saying it was close by & just as good as another shop we both enjoy . i do not agree , unfortunately . here are my take aways . i 'm big on customer service & i feel like that was top notch here . the sweet girl that took our order was very friendly . the dining room is small and lightly decorated . chairs are flimsy & uncomfortable . i like the menu , simple & straighforward . they only have american & swiss cheeses ( bummer ) . the shake tastes as though it is made with the cheapest of ice cream . the fries are decent . the burger was way overcooked for me and the bun over toasted ... tasted pretty burnt and chemical like . i may give it another try in the future . maybe not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've only had a burger but it was great . quality of meat and produce was excellent . very generous with the add-ons ( jalape\u00f1os in my case ) . the cashier was as friendly as they come . definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and just go . the burgers are delicious . the gyro 's are amazing and the shakes are brilliant . the staff is awesome . just go ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hamburgers and fries . price is outstanding and so are the fries ! the young lady running the front is efficient and polite , i really enjoyed my plate and my visit in general ! i am told that the milk shakes are the bomb so will be skipping lunch today in favor of a frosty treat ! i will update then !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , wonderful service , excellent value , and fresh ingredients right down to the fresh squeezed lemonade made right in front of you . ca n't wait to try a malt next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came from tucson and found this place it 's small , but really great food and friendly staff ca n't wait to to go back some day the burgers had a very home made taste . the fries were natural cut and also had home made flavor . they also have a good combination of shake flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to commend lucky 's and the two sisters who operate it for being great neighborhood corporate citizens . all in the moon valley area should support them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good burgers . great shakes . eat here . owner runs the place with her father cooking . sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was my first time eating here ! i must say i was truly impressed . the service was fast and the food was delicious . i had 1 4 lb burger with american cheese , green chile , 1000 island dressing and pickles . the family who owns it are very friendly . i highly recommended this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best burgers and fries . the shakes are on point as well . service is fast and friendly and the business is family owned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mom and pop shops . this place delivers on yummy eats . we had burgers , fries , fresh squeezed lemonade and a shake . the shakes are so good my boyfriend got one to go and we took one to my sister . everyone was so nice , really made us feel welcome . plus it 's always awesome to see that a rating ! this place was super clean , not a smudge on a table ! yummy , clean and reasonable prices ... ummm yeah we 'll go back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there last night for burgers before a play . the burgers were fine . received exactly what we ordered . the patties themselves were ok - a bit dry and perhaps more cooked than my normal liking , toppings were good , buns were good . fries were amazing . shakes were amazing as well . staff was very friendly . next time , i 'd get the 1 2 lb burgers - they are probably more juicy as they are thicker . overall , a good value for the money as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wanted a good burger so we trusted help and gave lucky burgers a try . glad we did ! really fresh ingredients and very clean kitchen . the gyro was absolutely amazing . if you want real food it 's here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't know what to expect and have to say the burgers tasted great and fresh ! the french fries fresh and with the skins . they do mix malts with at least 3 flavors ! i chose coconut , strawberry and banana flavor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg soo bomb ! i had the chicken sandwich with jalapenos and bacon . will never go anywhere else from now on ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good : burgers , chicken sandwich , fries , fresh lemonade and coffee shake . all good , hot and juicy . great service . nice and clean . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in here for a quick dinner after my son 's baseball game . the girl in the front ( yolanda ? ) was so personable and nice ! and the cook went out of his way to accommodate a request my kid made . there seemed to be a steady flow of regulars coming in the whole time we were there . our burgers and shakes were delicious ! my 8 year old said her chocolate shake was the best she 's ever had ! we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the old black lady that works there is really nice but the store smells like an antique store , the seats and tables look super old and their menu looks different from other locations . i ordered a box with one chalupa , a burrito , and the free taco . the beans on the burrito tasted awful and the chalupa and taco did n't have any meat in them . this location is just odd and weird . this location lost a customer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered some food and all the tacos were broken and the manager gave me a bad attitude about asking him to fix them", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wrong items received , wasnt given a receipt , if you call them they never answer , no voicemail set up , long wait times during dinner rush hour .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered via the drive thru , 2 of the diamondback specials with the drinks a large dr.pepper and a large mt.dew lemonade . and a steak quesadilla , got my order the only thing wrong was one ofvthe drinks , i had ordered the mt.dew lemonade splash . what they gave me was a mist twist which did n't bother me . until i got home to drink it and it was so bitter . it was full of carbonation but zero flavor syrup . i will go back again , but will make sure that they get the right drink order ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place stinks utterly and totally . had to hold our breath at the vomit and urine smell . your nostrils then get used to the smell . bar girls were clueless and rude . its such a dump . however hard one to review cause as bad as it is its perfect for tourists which was what i was . my favourite word on holiday - budget . my second favourite - drunk my last favourite - craic .. all in terms of the night life and that is exactly what this place provides . cheap alcohol and cheesy music and place full of hens and stags and everyone smashed on their one pound shots .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hive , is a dive . not much more to say . the drink is cheap , the music is nasty , too many people and too many plastered people at that . but hey that 's what some people want from a night out , just not for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have you ever wondered what hell might be like ? i 'd be willing to put money on it being somewhat similar to this ghastly hole . admittedly i may not fit into hive 's core demographic , but i know a terrible club when i see one ( or when i accidentally find myself in one after a few too many shandies ) . let 's run through my checklist ... stupidly low-priced drinks - check borderline underage clientele rubbing shoulders with men who should know better - check s club 7 and spice girls tracks played without a hint of irony - check hmmm . if those criteria have n't convinced you that a visit is a bad idea , perhaps the fact that you have to queue and pay for the 'privilege ' of entry might .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "edinburgh , again ? you really need to start having more of my opinions . remember that scene in bring it on when they 're doing cheerleading tryouts ? there was a small and shitty selection from which to choose . the uninspired one that asks if they get paid the old man that does the robot the one that just broke up with her boyfriend and cries the ballet dancer the guy trying out for pippin the skanky stripper yea . the hive was that tryout , but missy never arrived so we were stuck with an uninspired asian girl . if you never saw bring it on and that analogy was lost on you . the hive sucks ass . any place where people drink from the pitchers ( and the staff give them a straw to do so ) sucks ass .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ewww . i have been here twice in my life , and that is exactly two times too many . maybe if you were so drunk that you forget your own name this place might be fun , but even then i would n't go as the main audience seems to be 18 - 22 year olds who are only fishing for one thing . its sticky , crowded and totally gross . only plus point is the cheap drinks , because god damn they are priced to help you forget that you are there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hive really is a fun club in edinburgh . especially sunday through wednesday , drinks are ridiculously cheap ( 1 gbp for a single mixed drink ! ! ) and easy to get with plenty of bar space and barkeeps . the drinks are nice and strong , and the atmosphere is a bit akin to a standard dive , of course you get what you pay for in this situation , and its close quarters and tendency to attract a healthy crowd of sixth form kids may deter some of its potential clientele . as a side note , the guests here tend to be a bit on the younger side , so if watching sixth-formers and freshers dance together is n't your thing , this might not be the best place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a cheap and fun night out , then the hive is for you ! the hive offers a range of nights , dedicated to heavy metal , punk , reggae , r & b and cheesy pop ! so whatever the music you like , at least one night at the hive will be for you ! outside , the hive at first sight looks dark and dingy and when inside , it is indeed dark and dingy . however , with three bars ( including a less than impressive cocktail bar ) and two dance floors ( with two different djs ) the hive more than caters for your drinking and dancing needs ( from mosh pits to the macarena ) ! the hive on most nights is always busy and bustling , and for all the times i have been there i have never had any trouble . so , if you want cheap drinks from \u00a31 , with cheap entry , then the hive would make a good night out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever me and my friendsdecide that we will have a night out - the default place is the hive . and for very good reasons - in all the years i have been coming here , i 've never had a bad night . ever . it 's been recently refurbished , so basically its not so much of a dive anymore , rather a bit more 'funky ' and 'hip ' . the drinks are low priced - which can be a good or a bad thing depending how much money you have with you , but overall i wouldnt see you making it past \u00a330 on vodka 's etc - unless you wanted a ride in an ambulance . the club itself is a series of smallish rooms and connecting passages whick divide the various types of ecclectic music - there really is something for everyone , and thats why i think this place gets such a mixed clientel . check it out , its great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the hive alot when i first arrived in edinburgh as i soon cottoned onto their brilliant \u00a31 weekday drinks ( not on the weekends unfortunately ) . it 's a generally good background to getting slaughtered . but i do n't think i was their typical clientel as i was missing the spray on black jeans , braces , black eye make up , litre of hairspray etc ... you get the picture . despite this stereotype , the hive does boast a range of music nights from electro techno , to heavy metal , to drum n bass . layout is ok but seriously lacks seating if you 're not up for dancing . but then after that many 1 quid drinks , dancing could be a health hazard !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is quite possibly the scuzziest dive i have ever been to . a drunk irish kid almost threw up on me here and on a different night , i ruined one of my shirts after leaning on the wooden ledge that runs round the dance floor ... i never could identify that mysterious brown stain . but i love it ! as a friend once said `` everyone is welcome at the hive '' . it 's the only place in town where i can get a cheap tequila sunrise ( there 's a craptacular cocktail bar in the very back ) and not care if i drunkenly spill it all over the place . and they play cheese . it 's fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "total crap writing on tables very biz all the time your almost on top of people no good dont go there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lol . it 's hive . it 's seedy , gross ( do n't touch the walls ! ) , and there are always questionable people there . but it 's fun ! and cheap . no entry fee on most nights ( wednesdays are especially fun ) . it 's a place you have to go to at least once , just once ! and maybe a few more times after that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hive is a cool club , i have seen it transform from an `` alternative '' club , being a sanctuary to the goths and punks of the city , to becoming about as mainstream as you can get with rnb and chart music dominating . this change of policy has obviously worked a treat because more people than ever are coming here . i probably come here too much , but on a friday night , there are n't many other places to go . the george street clubs charge ridiculous entry prices and are full to the brim of pretentious yuppies , whilst clubs like cav are full to the brim of dodgy characters ( huge generalisations , yes ) . the hive seems to provide a good crowd of people , and there is rarely any trouble there , the bouncers are fair , unlike cab vol , who seem to refuse you entry for being male and or sober .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice club . prices are good . great music . and a lot of amazing people ! next time i 'm in edinburgh , i 'll visit this club again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time back in here since it was the honeycomb , and not much has changed really , the ladies loos have lost their weird bamboo doors and the chaise longue is no longer in the end cave but other than that..its not somewhere i 'll be hurrying back to but as a venue for live music , i thought it worked quite well . service at the bar was fairly quick although one particular barmaid looked like she 'd been beamed in from another lifestyle and could n't really be bothered . overall its a fantastic space , i thought there could have been many more improvements made during its closure but i guess it all comes down to cash", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always seem to end up in the hive when i have had one too many cheap vodkas in opium . this is the perfect follow on from opium as its equally dingy and dirty . but the best thing is , its cheap ! it seems to attract a varied crowd , but at 22 i often feel old . i guess 18 looks very young when you are over 20 . there is a warren of different rooms , and if you wander off from your friends good luck finding them again . each room has different music ranging from rock to electro to cheesy classics . it also depends on what night you go as each one is ( apparently ) different . i have never noticed as clearly i am too drunk . but i think you have to be . if you went to the hive sober you would notice that it stinks , there is sweat everywhere , condensation pours down the walls and there is broken glass all over the floor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hive is a club on niddry street , connecting the cowgate to the royal mile , which plays alternative music . however , it lacks the charm of many places of a similiar style by throwing its away its dirty rock and roll , and becoming just another club that plays slightly different music . it has two big dancefloors , and very reasonably priced alcohol , but does not really play anything older then about year 2000 , with the exception of fridays - indie night . the place is generally packed and very lively , even though entry costs 5 pounds on the weekend . suggestion : go to opium . its down the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hive is a dive . avoid .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hive , formerly the honeycomb , the first club i ever went to , is still just as dark , smokey looking , although not of the real cigarette kind now of course , and good for a down to earth , get-the-drinks-down-you dance as it ever was . the hive is quite mini , being made up of a couple of main rooms with a bit of dance space , and a small stage for live performances . i 've seen a few gigs here , and it works pretty well considering the small club area . let 's just sum this up , the drinks are super super cheap , the music is super cheese orientated , and you can catch a gig now and again . this is n't a plush or pretty club , but it is pretty good banter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cheap , you get what you pay for . more often than not they let in way too many people , and as a result it causes frayed nerves when people are trying to get drinks and move around on the dancefloor . let 's just pass over the fact that it seems to attract people that seem to think they 're god 's great gift , and move on to the air conditioning , which is ridiculous . music is top 40 , with a little room dedicated to your rock and 80s tunes . about the drinks plastic cups are cheap but i guess they have to be . the various mixers you can order are definitely not coke or lemonade . you have no idea what 's in the mixers , and for one i can not buy drinks from somewhere that falsely advertises their mixers . drink some coke next time you 're there and tell me that 's coke you 're tasting . they just rely on people being too smashed to even notice . all in all fine if you 're a teenager . look elsewhere if you 're older .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for the little food stand outside of 380 auction . the food is amazing and the customer service is even better ! i got a pulled pork sandwich with slaw , macaroni salad , and a drink for $ 4 ! it tasted amazing and was a great bargain . next time i go here i 'm definitely getting food again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't underestimate this place which looks simply like another agway . this store is filled with tons of items including steelers stuff , auto care items , tools , garden items , snacks , jewelry , furniture , toys , housewares , and seasonal-specific gifts & decorations . you 'd be surprised what you can find in here , and it 's much larger than one would think . i love getting my christmas decorations from here as well as anything that i need for apartment because it 's so ridiculously cheap . also for you steelers , you wo n't be disappointed . there 's jewelry , handbags , signs , lanyards , and so much more . for those with a green thumb , you 'll love the plant and flower selection in the spring summer months ! just come here , and i 'm sure you 'll find something you like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a few things here yesterday : ever bearing strawberries , pink ranunculus , bee trappers , and lots of peat moss . bird seed is reasonably priced here . i was disappointed that i could not get a bird bath or rhododendron .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love places like this . every time you visit it is like a different store . there are thousands of different items - some you want , some you need , and some you ca n't even identify . i found cookies i have been looking for for years . i found farmers market vegetables . i found closet supplies , school supplies , auto supplies , hba , food , some clothing , furniture , plants . they have collectible cookie jars . every nook and cranny had something new . most , but not all , of it at prices you 'll love . one visit ca n't be enough but if you wait too long to buy something , it may not be there . plan to spend some time and just wander ! you 'll love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have shopped at 380 auction for years and i love the eclectic selection of products that are available . i could spend hours browsing the many rooms and departments , especially the tools and automotive departments . all at affordable prices", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here on a sunday afternoon looking for a very specific piece of furniture . i walked as quickly as i could through the entire place , while still looking for what i went for - and it took me 23 minutes to get through the entire place . its huge ! i was walking as fast as i could really , and it still look me 23 minutes to just walk through each aisle . it was impressive . i want to go back and spend some more time actually looking in the booths . this would be a great place to spend a rainy afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would not honor vendors 25 % off discount sign and very rude and condescending . with this kind of service they wont last long .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would actually give this place 2 1 2 stars . 3 would be my limit . the store is very nice . interesting antiques ; problem ( to me ) is that there 's too much artsy-craftsy junk in it . not antiques , crafts that people do & then sell . i 've bought items from here , but it 's going to be a while 'till i go back . too craftsy for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the management ownership seems to care more about appearance & facade of their personal booths than it does to hearing what vendors dealers have to say ( which is proper advertising to bring in customers ) . as well as the keeping of their word . booth rental is more important than driving customers for sales . many vendors have pulled out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably one of the coolest antique malls i 've been in , in a long time . first of all , this place is huge ; give yourself an hour if not two . second , it 's well organized , non-cluttered and has wide aisles . third , there are employees walking around that can help you ( the guys in black shirts with walkie talkies - who probably also double as security ) . fourth , it does n't smell musty like your typical antique mall . fifth , there 's a real live snack bar at the far back corner . really great , pleasant shopping experience . i 'll be back when i do n't have someone tugging at my sleeve asking `` can we go yet ? ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first of all , this is n't the 321 flea market . if you 're looking for cheap junk , go there . it 's clear to me that someone here has impressed upon booth renters to put some thought and time into booth presentation . some of these booths are perfectly themed . i do n't mind higher prices for higher end , rare items which this mall seems to have in spades . a nice mix of smalls and larger pieces . prices range from cheap to expensive , but i 'm not sure where else in gaston county that you could find a hand carved figure head off of a sumatran canoe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! . i am glad to see an antique mall of this size and quality . you will find everything that you collect there . from old magazines , trunks , glass ware , vintage clothing , cameras , accessories and furniture at very reasonable prices . they are growing and have added vendors since i started going several weeks ago . you almost have to go back every other week because they replenish rapidly because of inventory turn . i have found the staff to be helpful and courteous . they are constantly walking the sales area to offer assistance and take your finds up front to allow for more purchases but do offer carts for use . they are working on a caf\u00e9 , so you can have a snack while you are there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same sentiments as other buyers have already expressed and commented on the review section . not many antiques , and the few antiques they do have are either 1 ) incredibly overpriced or 2 ) the store clerks will not contact the sellers to negotiate prices . the antique malls toward lake norman and asheboro are much more worthwhile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "more flea market than antique mall ... huge , clean and well organized tchotchke palace . none-to-few real antiques , though . did n't find a last supper picture or elvis lamp , either . not worth stopping for . ugh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wowmall . one of the nicest set ups in antique malls i have been in . they have just about everything you would ever want . chokshi city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favourite place for a saturday lunch ! authentic greek food but with a modern twist ! i want everything when i come here . they make fresh bougatza on saturdays . lots of heathy options and lots to do in neighbourgood . love the pleasantness , energy and decor", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing vegan cuisine and shop . filo pastry was excellent , as were the cabbage rolls , eggplant and side dishes . beautiful outdoor seating for summer in ndg .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty veggie mediterranean `` quick serve '' counter . good coffee . juice and pastries also for sale . super nice staff but slow and confusing service . you order at one counter with one worker then must walk around and pay at another counter with another worker . the iced coffee i ordered at the bar got turned into a 5 $ cappuccino frapp\u00e9 at the cash and there was much confusion about a refund . overall a nice spot but do n't expect to get in and out quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm always hesitant when i hear about yet another great vegan soup and sandwich cafe . it leads to the impression that soup and sandwiches is all veggies eat . as it turns out mouton vert is actually that great . with a sweet variety of greek and typical vegetarian caf\u00e9 fare , i was really impressed with the quality , tastiness and general mindfulness of the sandwich and ragu we picked up . oh and the vegan baklava ( they make vegan baklava ! ) was definitely worth while . i do n't know why i 've never had veggie greek food before , that was so so right . it was also a lot of fun to see the staff clearly having a good time- the fellas behind the counter were even cracking jokes with us . i 'll definitely be back for another good meal soon times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem in ndg ! lovely food and equally lovely people . the food is vibrant , fresh , and inventive and the pantry items they stock are similarly great ! i especially love the price : it 's one of the cheaper lunch options around at around 7-8 dollars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "au mouton vert , j'ai d\u00e9couvert un snack bar deluxe . une dizaine de place \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur et une dizaine d'autres sur la terrasse . le service au comptoir est tr\u00e8s sympathique . les serveurs nous mettent l'eau \u00e0 la bouche lors de la pr\u00e9sentation des mets . la saveur des plats et des salades est parmi les meilleurs dans le montr\u00e9al 100 % v\u00e9g\u00e9 . j'ai mang\u00e9 un d\u00e9licieux fasolakia sur orzo ( recette grecque authentique ) et j'ai go\u00fbt\u00e9 \u00e0 la fameuse lasagne courges et sauce tomate qui nous fait regretter de ne pas en avoir command\u00e9 +++ . tous les mets et salade sont vendu au poids . un gros cube de lasagne co\u00fbte moins de 7 $ . en quittant , tu peux en commander d'autres pour tes lunchs de la semaine ou ton pique nique du week end . pour accompagner ton repas , il y a un frigo rempli de bouteilles de jus frais , de kombucha rise , d'eau de source et d'eau min\u00e9ral plate et p\u00e9tillante . j'\u00e9tais trop bourr\u00e9 pour prendre un dessert . c'est officiel que je vais revenir , c'est la cuisine v\u00e9g\u00e9 la +++ savoureuse de montr\u00e9al !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i very very much like the vegan cereal here , i 'd say its quite unique nobody has it . must try bougatsa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good veggy sandwiches , jolie green place , with plants and nice terrasse and service . also in the menu burgers and salades .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about jason and elite home inspections . as a realtor , i need to have contacts with reliable people take pride in their business , and of singular importance , have the customer service to take the time to explain to clients what they have found and answer all of their questions . jason does all of this and more . he schedules one inspection a day , and stays as long as needed to make sure the job is done right , and the client understands everything about the inspection . thorough , professional , and customer service driven . i chose elite to do the inspection on my own home , and will continue to recommend them to my clients , both buyers and sellers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking at a fixer upper and was not sure what i was getting myself into . i was referred to jason from a family member and i could not be happier . he was so thorough and walked me through the entire report so i really knew what i was getting into . from there he helped me prioritize so i was able to develop an action plan that was applicable to my situation . i am still working out all of the details on the house but i know i made a great decision in having jason inspect the property for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it it not often that i write a review , but jason farrier has now inspected four properties for me and every time the experience has been exceptional . he does the most thorough inspections providing printed copies as well as digital copies with pictures . working in the industry before being an inspector he is able to provide valuable input that few inspectors can match . he has spent a good amount of time answering my questions and has always done so willingly and professionally . in my opinion , he is probably one of the best choices in the phoenix metro area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of sugar factory 's candy cocktails so i was happy to see a full service sugar factory was coming back to the strip at the fashion show . the opening date kept getting pushed back but now the downstairs at least is finally open . upstairs is a chocolate lounge that is coming soon . we wanted to sit at the bar for happy hour but it was full . we were offered 2 for 1 goblets if we sat at a table . we took them up on it but that was a mistake . our server would n't let us keep a menu at the table and rushed us out before we finished our first round . we planned on having more drinks but ended up just leaving . drinks were good but i prefer the small cocktails to the goblets . next time i will sit at the bar where hopefully we will get better service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chelsea was absolutely amazing . me and my friend sat at the bar in and enjoyed the lollipop smoking goblet . she took a bunch of pictures of us because lord knows i needed one for yelp , for instagram and snapchat and she 's so cool and patient and amazing ! thanks first starting our evening of fun off right ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had such a great time here last weekend ! they recently have opened , and have not even had their grand opening yet . the place is so cute and beautifully decorated . everyone was very friendly and inviting at our 11am arrival . i ordered breakfast and my husband ordered lunch . also , a killer milkshake ! ( over the top maybe but so fun and worth it ! i swear we talked about it for weeks ) our food was great , server was great , talked to a manager who was very friendly and informative . looking forward to returning ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing amazing amazing ! love the decor , love the location , love the music , love the drinks , and absolutely love the server kari ! ! ! ! the staff is so nice and attentive , but kari is so full of life and is so sweet ! she goes above and beyond ! ! ! ! leaving her the rest of my spending money for this vegas trip just for the heck of it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so happy to hear that this place reopened ! i went on easter weekend with a large group . our server was rhea and she was phenomenal ! my group was about 15 lovely frilly people and she was very kind and attentive to us . our food was great ! i ordered the white chocolate burger which sounds strange , but it was actually really good ! it 's messy but it 's the perfect hint of sweetness to the savory flavor of the well seasoned angus beef patty . their portions are gigantic ! the goblets are enough to serve six people and the presentation is quite a sight ! the rainbow donut ice cream sandwich was different from what i expected since it 's served sandwiched between two sugar cookies rather than donuts . the sexual chocolate cocktail is delicious , but quite strong ! i will definitely be back again in the future to hang out in the chocolate lounge upstairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was so much fun . they have amazing cocktails that are unique and delicious . the food was fantastic . we 're too full for dessert but those look great , too . we 'll be back again with the kids - they 'll love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's right on par with the vegas experience but the food and drinks were average and overpriced in my opinion . the goblet drinks are impressive but pricey at upwards of $ 40 ! the atmosphere is bougie and ornate , but also somehow really superficial ; with large chandeliers , bold and dramatic decor , and classic finishes-it 's a beautiful space . then there 's the copious tvs with photos of celebs and brand `` whoring '' in your face , along with loud music . service was good . fast and attentive , but it was a mid week lunch service so i ca n't speak to what a weekend dinner service might look like . i could see maybe returning for their huge and over the top sundaes , desserts , and fondues for a special occasion but it definitely wo n't be making it 's way into the regular rotation with ( extra ) overpriced drinks and mediocre food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "huge disappointment . the grilled cheese was awful , the soup cold and the fries were flimsy . the food was overpriced and the quality hugely lacking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had an amazing experience with the staff at the sugar factory with my girls . bj and louis was very attentive and apologetic after some hot sauce spilled . the food was great . the drink was nice and strong . the atmosphere was vibrant . the music was really good . and the best part was i meet gilles marini !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , the goblets had 8 shots . 8 ! so yea ... off to a good start . manny is absolutely amazing ! ! very attentive and sweet as can be ! appetizers ( mac lollipops and wings ) were delicious ! music was on point as well . will come back just for manny ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i mean what could get better than sweets and alcohol , well good service just adds the cherry on top ! absolutely amazing staff , case , kim on the main bar down stairs you both are amazing and the reason why people sit at bars to get an experience with a little bit of excitement thank you for keeping us entertained ! and ugh shaun the manager absolutely over the top service , checked on us and even recommended a must have goblet ! we shall be back ! keep up with the sweet service and the drinnnnnks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best part of this place was seeing our old friends ! had drinks , entree and dessert . loved my lemonhead martini , nothing else !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst ever ! had reservations for july 4th with my family and kids . we waited 25 minutes for drinks . my husbands coke never came . had to ask for it 3 times and when it did come it came in a plastic cup and was told all the glasses were dirty . waited forever for food . half never even showed up at the table . ordered dessert for my son 's birthday . after waiting 30 more minutes , was told they were out of ice cream sandwiches . are you kidding me ? ? ? i felt so bad for the waitress . i know it was n't her fault but dang . horrible service . i should have read the reviews before i went .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh ... just ok . the atmosphere is is super cool ! the food was ok and the service was awful ! ! ! like really bad ! we had to ask for everything ... refills , ketchup , the check ... the guy never even checked in to make sure that our food tasted good ! i do n't think it 's worth the high price tag .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if there was an option for 0 stars i would select it . extremely disappointed with our experience . the service was horrible . they were not crowded so no excuses . the food is over priced . i honestly would 've gotten better service at a local chain . do not waste your money or your time . there are plenty of other restaurants in vegas that can provide friendly service and quality food at a reasonable price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so this is my first time here , we got seated , waited and waited to be served..about 20 min of waiting to be served my family and i just walked out . it 's not even close to full and service here is horrible . no server came by to check up on us after we were seated . as a local i 'm never visiting again with this kind of service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have great deals on food with purchase of a cocktail ! the food is delicious and their sweets are what dreams are made of . the staff is super friendly and they know their menu from front to back . you can always go to their candy shop but take advantage of their restaurant if you have some time to sip and dine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went after the canelo-chavez jr . right about the time they were closing but they still took us in . 1pt . location : by the fashion mall district . drinks : we had the original goblet and the one with oranges ( candy gummies ) i think . drinks were special , it 's something you have to try in vegas . 1pt food : i ordered a rib eye and she ordered mahi mahi tacos . the rib eye was very good and tender well cooked how i wanted it `` medium '' the sides were nothing out of the ordinary but were well prepared . 1pt service : waiter was a guy named jason , that 's the guy to go to ! he 's the man ! i highly recommend requesting him . he helped us thorough the menu talked to us about the origin of the place and the popular items on the menu . he even went to the bar to make us his favorite drinks . not usual for a waiter to also make your drinks 2pts . overall 5 stars , well come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with my mother while she was visiting me from ohio . we have never been . i got a burger and she got a pizza burger . the food was so good but there was a lot left over that we took home . we had one if their famous drinks ! i believe it was worth it . they are a bit pricey but you only live once !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place definetly did not live up to the hype . food was ok , but not worth the money you spend . there was food under my table and it took 5 minutes to get mayo and mustard for the burger i ordered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service ! we were a group of 6 and went for breakfast . they only had herbal tea , no regular ( but they had coffee - ? ? ) we had to ask 3 times for jam and in the end only got it for the table when i had to go inside and track someone down . food was cold by that time . we waited well over an hour for eggs and when we finally did get our food it was wayyyy undercooked for two of us . we waited another 30 mins for a fried egg to be redone - ? ? ? and they were slimy and undercooked again ! ! in the end the two meals got comped but when our friends got their bill there was an automatic 18 % tip added to their bill . ridiculous ! ! ! oh and they also said they would not accept change . give me a break . the kardashians might get the royal treatment here but not everyday people and we were not the only table complaining . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the 2 stars is for the food . if it was n't for that i 'd give it 0 stars . the service was horrible ! first they take forever to get us our appitizer , during that time they brought us the wrong food . once we did get our appitizer , about 2 minutes later we got our meals . not cool , i do n't like my food getting cold . oh our server never gave us utensils so we had to take some from another table . btw there was 1 guy just putting utensils on tables and he never got around to us . our server never checked up on us so we had to ask another server for our check . we do not plan on coming back . btw if anyone from the company is reading this our servers name was chase .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice decor but overrated .the goblets do n't have a price on the menu , the reason why is they are $ 38 for some dry ice and alcohol . the food is mediocre , we ordered burgers which were ok but nothing to write home about . asked for a duck for my son and was charged $ 3 , thanks ! wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "highly recommended especially if brandon is your server . he 's the best . perfect ambiance . drinks are awesome and tasty . white gummi was super good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two good things about this place was the managers were nice and the bussers were very attentive . other than that it was very blah . the food was average the drinks were alright service was bad and the quality you would expect in a vegas brunch was not there especially with all the celebrities they have flashing on the wall i am sure they did n't serve jamie foxx french toast with the chocolate sauce in a plastic cup or molded strawberries overall disappointed my wife on her birthday", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was a bit disappointed with our experience a few nights ago . my husband and i were celebrating our wedding anniversary and was hoping to have a fun night because we rarely have time for date nights between our busy schedules . i asked the hostess if we can go sit outside and she said yes and she would send a server out to us . we are very patient people but sat there for more than 30 minutes and no one even came to greet us . we almost walked out until my husband flagged down a server . we stuck it out to make the most of it because it was our anniversary but i do n't think we will ever go back again because of the service alone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new location , not so great ! my friends & i decided to stop in for lunch while waiting for a phone to get fixed . the milkshakes and dessert drew us in but unfortunately , we did n't even make it that far . the service was ok even though our order took longer than anticipated and it was n't busy at all . 3 out of the 5 dishes came out wrong even though our waiter wrote down our order which prompted 2 managers to come by our table to apologize . after waiting for our food to come out correctly , they serve me raw undercooked chicken . i understand your establishment has only been opened for a month..that may be a sorry excuse for the service but i do n't think chefs are hired to serve undercooked food . we 'll pass on the offer of coming back . thanks but no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved my first dining experience here . friendly staff and the drinks were amazing . i did n't get try any of the flavored `` smoking '' cocktails that sugar factory is known for but simply had a few margaritas and my daughters experienced a massive milkshake ... birthday cake flavor . also ordered a grilled chicken entree which was a perfect portion size and tasty . we will return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome environment & great service , drinks are pretty dope . dope date night theme & experience . waitress ( adrian ) was very on top of it & very courteous . food definitely on point . grey experience as a whole & i would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to have a good time with there significant other . unique experience for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is blatantly unacceptable that i come here to buy already extremely overpriced food with my family , but that we come here and they have no sweet or savory pizzas at 6pm on a saturday not to mention that our server `` erick with a ck '' got our 30 dollar goblet wrong , did n't take one of our orders , and when he finally got it out to him the rest of us were pretty much done with our food which was n't that good especially for the price it was . this really is not at all acceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely fell in love with this place and their service . when my friends and i came they have only been opened for 2 weeks . the building is beautiful . the drinks are great- very sweet . our waitress , kari was the best . her personality , service and demeanor is amazing ! a must go in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i enjoyed drinks at the sugar factory located at the las vegas fashion mall . he had the hypnotic goblet and it had gummy sharks inside . i had their signature goblet with a candy necklace and two unicorn lollipops . they both were super delicious ! i only wish we had n't just had dinner because i would have loved trying something from their dinner menu . service was a little slow , but we were in no rush . the decor inside is pretty cool , but we chose to drink outside . we ca n't wait to go back and try their food and enjoy their chocolate lounge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is very similar cheese cake factory . do n't let the name to confuse you . they have a menu very similar to cheese cake factory . we ordered a mediterranean chicken pasta with dried tomato . also we requested hot tea . waiters told us they are out of hot tea . but latter she was able manege to find some for us . it is really nice of her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was pretty good but i was surprised when i got my bill because the non alcoholic goblet drink i got was $ 30 . my drink was more than my food . no one told me the price of the drink and it was n't printed in the menu . that should have clearly been printed and fore warned about the price of the drink .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't normally frequent la quinta 's but this one is convenient for my work in az . there are tons of eating choices within walking distance . the rooms are large , clean , and they have updated tv 's . they have a nice continental breakfast in the morning with a waffle maker . i always try to stick to cereal ! i would stay here anytime i 'm in town and i would also reccomend it to others visiting the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fabulous ! the staff is super friendly and helpful . what i love about this place is they are pet freindly . room was super clean , smelled good , nice big tv , movie stations , charging station , all the good stuff . great complimentary breakfast in lobby . what more could you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't even give this place one star . horrible service and experience . the receptionist was fucking horrible ! excuse my language .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this la quinta is located in a nicer part of mesa , walking distance to many chain restaurants and a shopping mall across the freeway . the superstition springs area is kinda like its arrowhead area counterpart in the west valley . the decor is modern and appears to be recently remodeled . the bed was firm and the cleanliness of the room was not great , mysterious hairs on the bed is completely unacceptable - gross ! . the breakfast was free and parking was plentiful . sadly , looks can be deceiving . i expected excellent service because of how lovely this property was , not so ! i 'm very disappointed in the front desk staff and how unprofessional and rude they were . i base my hotel stays on the attitude of the staff and with other hotel options in the area , i do n't recommend this place . i should had researched this place or looked at the reviews on their facebook page before staying here . i was appalled to find out about a very tragic incident that occurred here earlier this year !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i must say i usually stay at hyatt 's and was so impressed with this hotel . it was clean and the service was amazing ! i also loved that it had about 7 different restaurants to choose from within walking distance . i would definitely stay here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed two nights and rented two rooms for my family . overall the rooms were nice , newly decorated and clean , although one room ( 410 ) had an odd smell . the staff was amazing . polite , helpfully and very friendly . the morning breakfast was disappointing . also , both doors to our rooms were messed up , difficult to get the latches and key cards to work . one of the door frames looked like it was broken . in spite still a solid three plus stars . if i come to the area again i would consider staying here again..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this hotel was horrible from the start ! the receptionist was rude . she was n't very informative at all ! we get up to our rooms to find out it was a animal friendly hotel , dogs barking loud right next door to us . as soon as we walked in our room we smelled urine . which lead us back to the from desk canceling out stay . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't question it : stay here . we had to reserve last minute and were pleasantly surprised by the remodeled rooms and friendliness of the front desk clerk . free breakfast is standard fare seen at any hotel , but overall a great experience . i would definitely stay again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed here with my husband after we stopped booking the one in signal butte , so this one is much better , but then we found out that everytime we try to use the free nights they do not have a room , so it is all faked , the points . hey sent us letters and letters enjoy your free night , and you can have this and that , and then when i go and try to book the free night it is neve there unless it is a monday of course . so that 's it . bad policy , they should know better if they offer points they should give the free nights . it is an average hotel , so we stayed there to accumulate points but if we can not have them when we want them , there are many good hotels in the area for the same price", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed here two nights for the super bowl and it was horrible . we booked a double bed on the second floor . everything about the room was small . the carpet had white stains . the sink had stains , the mini fridge leaked onto the carpet ( we did n't even use it ) . the beds were hard , the sheets were horrible , the flat sheet had holes . the bathroom was a joke . beware of the stand up shower , 3 out of the 4 people fell inside the shower . the sides were extremely slippery . needless to say i will not be returning here . only thing good about this place is the location it 's close to freeway and shopping malls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to be . i called at first as i was stuck needing a hotel on a friday night the same weekend as cardinals football . my dog just had surgery and i needed a nice area to stay to unwind that accepts dogs . this place fit it to the tee . i used the computer , had a phenomenal breakfast as well as the rooms very clean and neat . judith the manager was very friendly right when we walked in and helped me get a room 30 minutes before check in . she was very nice and friendly and realized how disheveled i had looked just spending all day in mesa . they have a laundry facility , outdoor pool , snack bar , and toiletries just in case anyone forgets anything . used hotels.com to book the room and they even price compared for me to make sure i was getting the best deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't even give this place one star . horrible service and experience . the receptionist was fucking horrible ! she argued with me over my reservation at midnight . i showed her my reservation from my phone and then she got more difficult to deal with . and to top it all off she ran my card at midnight and then ran it again the next day at noon for someone else 's room . now i 'm fighting to get me credit back on my card . i recommend finding another hotel in the superstition springs area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stayed here for 2 nights while on a work trip . i was't expecting much from a la quinta but i was wrong . the entrance was gorgeous , obviously recently updated . the staff was pleasant and we got checked in quickly . the king bed was nice as were the furnishings . the bathroom you could tell wasnt really updated but it was clean and served its purpose . i was disappointed they didnt have lotion or seperate shampoo conditioners in the rooms . the breakfast was very good for a quick meal . the pool looked nice but i didnt get to swim . the cable seems a little wonky , it cut out every so often . i would stay again though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this hotel very clean . the beds were comfortable and the rooms quite . also the free breakfast was very good . the location is conveiniently located right off the 60 fteeway making it a great jump off point for the places we wanted to visit . i would definatly stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed in this hotel . very dirty . carpeting in hallways were filthy . my bathtub had someone else 's pubic hair in it . very disappointed in the cleanliness of the hotel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok , so i 'm not expecting 5-star accommodation but i think the management needs to understand that the little things do make a difference . for example , they have the cheapest , 1-ply toilet paper and the facial tissue is more like a paper towel . also , just bar soap and shampoo ? no conditioner or lotion ? come on , how expensive can these be ? otherwise , it 's ok for the price and , for me , the location was ideal . would i stay again ? probably not . i 'm big on the little things .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "painfully slow internet ! why have free wifi unless it can actually stream something . it 's a shame , because it 's a nice property.. but impossible to get some work done or watch a show on the laptop . worst internet ever ! update : the management wrote my a great letter , reassuming me that they were in the process of upgrading their wifi . good news for those considering a stay here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it has been the worst experience as the fail in communication and guest service . no body in the company communicates the same information about the returns program what a joke . it has been a nightmare to try and solve the problem from what the manager said to the agents to calling the customer service number its to many different stories and the do n't take the guests seriously . i feel really bad for anyone that stays there as you are paying way to much for crap for service . i would find somewhere else that has a higher level of guest service . i will never give this hotel a good review as they do n't take care of guests . it was the worst experience dealing with this company for the amount of money spent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was here for 5 days for a training for work . it was very nice and my minor problem was handled very quickly and politely by sean on the first day my group was there . the room was newly remodeled and on the 6th floor , ac worked great , bed was comfy and everything in the room functioned well . breakfast was included and there was at least 10 restaurants in the parking lot so you will not be hungry . the only reasons i ca n't give this hotel 5 stars is that the `` business '' center computer was down all week and the nice lady who refilled the breakfast buffet was very slow to refill the items , something was out of stock every few minutes of every day , milk , bagels , cream cheese , waffle batter , syrup . yes i would stay again in a heartbeat and everyone was very nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't stay in room 106 . it 's right next to the fitness room . they have an alarm in there that goes off about midnight . it is unpleasant , and woke us up from a sound sleep . it 's within earshot of the elevator , and you can hear conversations from people waiting to get in . there are banging sounds now and then , makes me think that their plumbing is undersized ( like the banging from turbulence in the pipes from many people starting their showers simultaneously ) . do n't expect any responsiveness from the front desk to any complaints , if they 're even there . otoh , the facility is nice , the pool and spa are good , and the extended continental breakfast is good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hotel was great , clean and good amenities . the best thing is that they accepted our 2 dogs without extra charge . front desk was very friendly ! ! when we come back to the valley to visit friends this will be our place to stay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed with the hallways that wreak of cigs ... and it comes through the vents when the cooling system is on . otherwise it could have been okay . i hate second hand establishments ... free cancer is on the free breakfast menu i guess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stayed for 2 nights while our mh was being repaired . we looked around for a couple of day to find something decent at a reasonable price . i must admit i get very stressed out staying in hotels . would never think to stay at a la quinta , but this one was amazingly clean ! ! ! ! ! had no issues . when we booked they only had double beds available . when we checked in i asked again about a king and she moved us to a king for no additional cost . just so thankful it was clean ! ! ! great location , lots of places to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why anyone is n't giving this lovely hotel anything below 4 stars . internet is fast and services are so friendly . they also have a shuttle driver that drove me to campus . the hotel is beautiful and spotless in cleanliness . the sheets are not so comfortable though . they are a bit rigid for me . like i ai n't from the army to want to endure that again . i did really like the room decor and set up . it was very lovely . my other complaint is the frozen egg served for breakfast . could n't they have defrosted that ahead of time ? we are n't in alaska are we ? all in all . great experience i would totally be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the room was clean and i was happy that my two dogs were welcome , but what really made me angry was that my credit card was charged for a night when i paid cash for my stay . get paper proof that you 've paid if you stay here . do not trust what the front desk personnel tell you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "warning ... website said 18+ could reserve a room but when my friend arrived to check-in they were turned away for being under 21 . it was a game weekend and they were forced to find a room at the last minute elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very accomadating staff ! ! i was here on business with a relative and they had the best price in the area and when we arrived they gave us an upgraded room . breakfast is complimentary . we had to leave quite early and they provided us with breakfast to go bags !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "laquinta has done well by my standards ! i recently had more company than my home could accomodate , so we rented a room for them to stay . the staff was professional , the hotel clean and quiet , and we had a wonderfully relaxing weekend . in fact , the hotel was so nice that my family and my guests all spent much of our time at the hotel instead of my house ! a little pricy for the weekend , but probably worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stayed here without realizing that they allow pets . there was barking in the early morning , dog droppings on the carpet in the hallway near our room , and dog mess in the elevator . when we complained to the front desk , the clerk was sorry , but not sympathetic , stating that she always takes her dog along when travelling . we will not stay here again , or at any location of this chain that allows dogs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the check in staff was extremely professional and ask for all our preferences . we got a room on top floor which we loved . the room was sparkling clean , chic in its decor , and had all the usual amenities plus a few sweet extras . the beds were comfy and cozy . the breakfast had everything from cereals to make your own waffles . we did a stay cation and shopped the deals at superstition springs mall . we will do this again and highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grabbed takeout after a long 48 hrs of moving and we were famished . it was the first place i caught off the freeway near several other fast food stops and gas stations . received fast and prompt , friendly takeout in their 24 hr drive-thru . anyone driving through here for takeout i 'd advise to make a wide turn up to their window since the corner is a little sharp once u drive past the menu window where you order . best item we odered on the menu was the oreo churros and the oreo icing . as for the shredded chicken chimichanga and the enchiladas , they were flavorful but far too salty for my taste . their portions are very generous . easily could have shared between 2-3 people per entree . overall , our experience was okay , but not for me to return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good beef taco , but the cheese enchiladas were uncooked garbage . it was very warm inside like the ac was not working or set way to high . salsa bar ( or whatever it is called ) was in need of cleaning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is salty , can we just add our own salt because your taste is n't the taste i desire . i really dislike plastic due to it being littered everywhere . plastic utensils , plastic plates . this will be my last visit here . i wish this experience could 've been better , everything tasted canned .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the second time i go here and i have to wait 20-30 min for my burrito because they forgot i ordered , and talk about adding insult to injury they asked me `` what did you order '' that goes to show you how long i waited .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "man ... whenever i 'm passing through phoenix ... this place is hands down my favorite spot to hit up ... foods always on point ... people are always courteous there ... absolutely luv it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , i want to say that the girl at the window was friendly and apologetic . i 'm the one star review is for the business . i waited 20 minutes at the window for my food . i was the first car in line . late back to work . will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this huge girl that was getting my order had the worst attitude ever and she threw the my debt card at me . she was unprofessional . why work at a place you dislike ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast service , the food was delicious , and restaurant was clean , and plenty of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was good . for a fast food taco shop i recommend 100 % . just remember that it is fast food . the patron burrito is awesom ! ! ! ! bacon , ham . and carne asada with salsa and cheese . all meat burrito . i approve and go every sunday for breakfast it 's also nice that they have a drive thru and are open 24 7", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pete 's fish and chips is the worst meal i 've ever had ! i do not know how people can stand to eat there . i went there just last night for the first time because i had gotten a recommendation from friends . i ordered the fish and chips . the first bad sign was that the fish was pollock . the fish ended up tasting like mushed , cheap , pre-frozen fish . my daughter ordered a cheeseburger with cheese and mayo , plus onion rings . the cheeseburger had an extremely thin patty and way too much mayo . it was so bad that we threw away the food and ate at a near bye mcdonalds . if you have any taste in food whatsoever , you will be disgusted by their food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i remember an old will and grace episode where karen is wearing a disguise and eating at a taco shack . this is how i feel about pete 's . it has been in business and the hearts of phoenicians since 1947 . it is my guilty pleasure . this particular location is just a short drive down central from my house . i agree with the yelpers review about ambience . lets hope you like bird watching because all pete 's locations are strictly outdoor seating . the food is great . deep fried goodness ! they have an amazing sauce that goes well with everything . part ketchup , part hot sauce . simply amazing . cash only ! ! ! ! see you there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure why the great reviews over this place . it 's a ruin down true hole in the wall kind of a place , food so so ... .nothing special ... wo n't be back ... you got ta be kidding ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good and cheep growing up in phoenix it was the silver dollar movie drive in with pete 's fish & chips for dinner to go . a lot of great memories there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i do a search on yelp for fish , pete 's pops up but i 've always just passed it by . today i actually decided to stop by and see what it was all about . i can see why one could pass it by , it 's just off central with no flashy gimmicks and no drive thru . i was lucky that the rain stopped long enough for me to get out of my car without getting drenched . i did n't know they only took cash and with only $ 7 in my pocket i came unprepared . i decided to order the 3 piece fish and chips for $ 5.35 . i can barely finish the second piece of fish but this sauce is amazing . i will definitely call ahead with a large order of oysters , shrimp and crabettes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't do it ... . i 'm in the parking lot right now and am actually throwing out the food i just got at the drive in after taking one bite of the `` shrimp '' and fish `` square '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been eating at pete 's since i was a kid . i always loved the shrimp . in the last year or so they changed the batter . it 's a cornmeal slurry . it 's just gross now . i 'm forced to go to knock kneed lobster now to get my shrimp and chips , then drive to pete 's to get my sauce . truth ! ! their sauce still rocks . please change the batter on your shrimp ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have wanted to try this place for a while and finally did so after driving by during the lunch hour . what a disappointment , i ca n't believe they have been in business for so long . the fish is fine but seems to be just frozen squares of fish fried up . ( my son did like it quite a bit ) the chips ( fries ) are mediocre at best and they give you lots of a bland sauce to put on everything . there did n't appear to be any malt vinegar and the tartar sauce costs extra . i had to go back to the window to request catsup . they do not take credit cards which i think is a foolish business practice . i have now eaten here once and that is more than enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got ta love petes . only complaints at this location is the shrimp . i hate the log skinny pieces instead of the whole shrimps like mesa dr ! also the extra cup sauces seem like they have more ketchup than the ones you get with the meal . but that could just be me trippin . idk . lol !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here at petes and i love the variety of options . i do n't get to go to seafood places often as my fianc\u00e9 does n't care for anything that needs water to live . all around you get a great amount of food for the price . it 's rather clear the seafood is frozen , but with the price point i am not one to complain . i do n't really have any complaints other than the breading needs some seasoning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i did n't have to give a star to review , i would n't . i just placed a huge order for my family and they gave enough fries for one person . i could literally count the fries . we called and they handed the phone to the manager and she kept making excuses . apparently , she was the one that put the order together . my family will not be back there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have passed this place dozens of times and finally stopped in ... its terrible . i ca n't image people going here more than once . it 's literally a joke . i wish yelp was more dependable . it seems like anything legitimate review wise is censored .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have heard about this place for years ... .food is outstanding ! ! ! hey , its a hole in the wall , but sometimes those are the best ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is delicious the reason for one star is the extremely poor customer service . the lady taking my order was very cut off she did n't even open the screen when taking my order . she was just in a foul mood which is honestly not my fault . if you are unhappy with your job , just get one that will fulfill you do n't make it a bad experience for everyone else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best fish and chips i have ever had . i had to stop eating there so much due to my cholesterol but it is a must have if you are out here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attention phoenicians : this is what you call a local gem . pete 's rules . my friends and family that visit from seaboard states demand a meal at pete 's each and everytime . it 's one of the valley 's great traditions and if you are n't loving pete 's sauce , you 're nothing but a cold fish . long live pete 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is absolutely the worse place i have ever eaten . i threw away my $ 9 meal after i took one bite . if you like old fashion fish sticks like you got in school you might like then as these ones are just square and as mushy as those you got in school . in fact they may be out of the same box . do n't anyone order shrimp however as they must be the most creative i have ever seen . the shrimp are little tiny ones that they split in two them add batter about 10 to 15 times the shrimp . just to show you i pulled the meat out of one ( strip above ) and the bather below is what it was in . you ca n't even taste the shrimp . this may be good as i tried eating the meat and it tasted old . see pictures .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "duh it 's pete 's are you not from around here ? go ask another reviewer what they think and then come back here so you can see `` i told you so ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for more or worse a 2 star rate simply put do not waste yur time with this place i went here with the expectation ( that 's the prob ) that it would be awesome from here say ( word of mouth ) that it was to be delish lol well i got the shrimp sticks that where dipped in batter . upon first taste ( i was hungry ) thought it was fine second big bite was all batter so i decided to open this shrimp stick ... low and behold to my surprise it was lol a sliver literally of shrimp and all batter it was horrible not to mention the square fish sandwich i got was fine i must admit bit disappointing due to the shape of ..it reminded me of a cheap 1cent patty from something they 'd serve yu in a concentration camp in russia or cambodia oh and the fries tasted like oiled up 2cent fries ..yet they charge a ridiculous amount of dough to eat this mess i 'd pass always and forever .. they serve yu rolled up cornmeal sticks lol cheap bastards", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . if you do n't like it you do n't belong in phoenix . i 've been going here since i was a kid and i hope they are still here long after i 'm gone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pete 's has been around forever and if you 're from this side of town like i am you probably grew up eating here . i 've only ever had the seafood so ca n't say much about anything else there . the shrimp sizes have gone down so much though : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place , the fish sandwiches are pretty awesome ! they only take cash and the neighborhood is not that great but it 's worth it for the food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nastiest food ever ! ! ! dont even waste your time or money ! was frozen vandekemps ! couldve have brought better in the frozen food section ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! what a joke ... .cant even call it fish & chips ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got ta like it fried , that 's what you get . phoenix icon , been around for a long time . be sure go bring cash , only can pay with cash . outside dining only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had petes many times but i have not been there in probably 10 years . well i think of going there any time i hear fish & chips but i live in yuma now . i remember loving the sauce . i happened to drive by this location and i never knew it was here i always went to the mesa location . well i had to stop and the food was better than i remember ! the crunchy batter is so delicious , i thought i should order extra sauce and i 'm glad i did ! ! ! it is a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i am required to give it at least one star , which is one star too many . i 've eaten fresh seafood on both coasts , and this stuff is just nasty . pathetic , minuscule , fish-like goo pieces surrounded by massive amounts of horrible , overcooked , cornmeal armor . do your taste buds a favor and run away - fast .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give it a negative star i would but i had to at least put one star . the food was bland everything taste like everything else because it came out of the same grease do n't go there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chanel is the best at what she does . she takes time and does n't rush while cutting hair . she 's the only one i trust cutting my hair . 5 stars ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came back . this time i had chanel color it and cut it . once again she did a great job exceeds all my expectations everytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fade and scissor work in vegas . love chanel could n't be happier with the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lived in vegas for a very long time . for a couple of reasons , i looked to yelp to find a new stylist . based on the reviews i decided to try cut line studios ( aka chanel ) . chanel is very personable -- and can handle either a razor or a pair of scissors . but my experience was not what i expected . maybe i 've been spoiled by my salon experiences over the past couple of decades . i ca n't remember the last time ( before my appointment with chanel ) i got my hair cut when my hair was not washed before my cut . or rinsed after . chanel has no shampoo bowl . perhaps , given today 's styles , hair can be cut dry . but this older guy , who likes his hair longer than scalp-length , thinks hair should be wet for a good cut . summary : chanel is both a very nice person and does have experience . maybe it 's just getting harder and harder for us older guys to find a stylist who can cut 1990 - 2000ish style .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chanel at cut line studio is awesome ! ! ! ! ! she can cut some awesome hair ! ! ! her attention to detail and the great service will have me coming back every time . haircut , shampoo , head and neck massage ... oh yeah ! ! ! ! chanel , you are awesome and i will tell everyone i know about you without a doubt see you in a few weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried booking an appointment by visiting the booking website mentioned in their yelp , but it took me to an invalid page . i also tried calling them and left a voicemail , but no answer and no reply to schedule an appointment . perhaps they are no longer in business anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been cutting my own hair since i was 10 . as i got older , barber 's never seem to know how to cut what i want . my son does n't like me cutting his hair , so i took him to get a cut . we chanelle . that was in 2014 . now i get my cuts from chanelle just like my son . i do n't even cut my hair anymore . i do n't even tell her what i want anymore . she knows how to cut and style . her majestic personality shines as your hair becomes glamorfied . wan na feel like your worth a million bucks ? ? ? go so see chanelle ! @ cut line studios !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been here a couple times because it is really the only healthy option in the neighbourhood , but have never really been happy with a meal i have had . i have a few big complaints that are the reasons why i am giving fresh a poor rating . 1 . bland food : no matter how natural , organic or vegan you claim your food is , that should never be an excuse for making tasteless food . 2 . poor execution : everything just looks like it is thrown on a plate , no presentation or care given to the quality of the product . 3 . massive menu : there is no reason for there to be 15 variations of every option , most are basically the same . as you can see these are all complaints with the food . the atmosphere is nice and the staff generally nice and helpful . if you need something healthy in the annex , it 's a decent option , but if your looking for flavourful , delicious vegan food , there are better options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know people who love fresh and i simply do not get it . the place is overpriced and the food just is n't that good . and i am not saying this as someone who does not get that vegetarian food can be good . i eat vegetarian approximately 75 % of the time and i simply have not ever loved anything that i had at fresh other than the blended juices which are overpriced , but delicious . the one good thing that has come out of fresh is a peanut-lime sauce that i have co-opted , changed up , and now use when i make stir fry . i do love it when i make it at home .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to the fresh by spadina station and had the all star salad ( $ 13 ) it had quinoa & adzuki bean tabouleh on shredded raw kale with goji berries , toasted mixed nuts , parsley , cilantro , sunflower sprouts , grilled sweet potato & tofu steaks which i paired with the house dressing ( vinaigrette with flax oil , apple cider vinegar and hints of garlic , tamari & mustard ) . it was perfecto ! loved how filling and tasty this plate was , i was so hungry i cleaned the plate . would definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious restaurant ! i 've ordered take out a few times and was never disappointed . their dine-in experience is just as good . i ordered the falafel tacos . unfortunately a mistake was made , but the issue was resolved with such haste and efficiency that i feel guilty calling it a mistake . the service is very friendly , and the food is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful service and extremely overpriced unless you are in their target clientele they will be extremely rude to you . terrible atmosphere because tables are too close and the music is too loud .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for me , fresh falls smack dab in the middle when it comes to vegan restaurants . the good : the green poutine is absolutely divine . it 's definitely not health food , but kale doused in carrot-sweet potato `` cheese '' sauce is tasty , and not just `` tasty ... for kale . '' definitely get the hot sauce . the bad : the bowls are not well-seasoned , and mainly composed of food you can make better at home . there was definitely a poor toppings-to-rice ratio for the bowl i ordered . the neutral : the juices are a little bit gross tasting , but i guess they 're supposed to be health food . still , $ 13 for a bottled juice ? i would n't do it again . service is ok. not the most welcoming , but not awful either . all in all , i 'd take my vegan vegetarian friends here , but it 's certainly not my first choice for dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fresh is alright . i would agree with most reviews here . it 's for sure overrated . atmosphere : nice and clean contemporary interior design . however , the dining area was small . it could get loud fast considering there are other diners in arms reach all around you . service : average . food : i enjoyed how the menu was different . the food was delicious . the smoothies ... .meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fresh is not fresh food . it tastes like it 's only one day away from the compost heap . you know this if you ever have it the next day . and there will be leftovers , as it 's so tasteless you wo n't want much the first go around . there are great vegan places out there . there 's no reason for it to be tasteless . whatever you do , avoid the poutine . from-frozen fries , messy fake cheese that 's like cheez whiz without any flavour , and they do n't even fry the fries enough to avoid them getting soggy immediately . one of the most overrated restaurants in the city .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just got takeout , so i do n't know about the service , but omg i can not recommend enough the sweet potato fries with the miso gravy sauce . my mouth was so completely satisfied . all of our sandwiches and bowls were good , too , but nothing can compare to the aformentioned potato-sauce combination !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super close to work and i love to drop by on days my body is yelling , `` gim me healthy food ! ! '' it 's great of take out and the service is excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my best reasons to get to toronto ! such amazingly fresh ( no pun intended , ha ) juices and some of the best vegan cheesecake i have ever had . the wait was a bit long but it 's such a small fit and i find a bit of a wait speaks mostly well of an eatery . get here and you 're going to crave this spot for years to come !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took three things to go on my way back to new york ( i was in toronto on vacation and in search of awesome vegan ) . the magic tofu sandwich was pretty good . the tofu itself truly was magical . it was the best tofu i 've ever had outside of within asian food . it really tasted like chicken -- must have been the seasoning . however , the rest of the sandwich was not done properly . there was more bread than anything else , and that was disappointing ( though it was good ) . also the mustard sauce was a bit overpowering , as were the onions . my impression of the baked goods was very good . i got carrot cake and a banana chocolate chip muffin . both were delicious . this is the best carrot cake i 've ever had , actually , except for one place in manhattan that is awesome , though not vegan . i would definitely get more baked goods here , at the least .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was pretty good . i surprised my friend by suggesting we go for vegan food . we got here and the place was packed , but the wait was not too long . the service was quite good and we were served our food promptly . i ordered a tempeh bacon burger with fries . the food itself was good , but it was pretty pricey . i have no idea if it was competitive with other vegan places because i have n't visited a vegan only restaurant in years . but compared to other restaurants , paying ~13 $ for a burger and ~7 $ for fries , it was expensive . i 'd come here again , but not choose the same choice lol . i did envy my partner 's tofu taco 's ! but i wish they had the mushroom burger available during brunch . price : 3 5 service : 4.5 5 food : 4 5 price point : 4 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loveeeeeeeeee this place . i can always count on this place for something good . the juices are great and their menu appeals to all lifestyles . i 'm a fan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at fresh a couple weeks ago . it was my first visit , but i had heard about it before . i am not one to seek out vegan vegetarian cuisine , however , i was pleasantly surprised with my meal . the menu was more than overwhelming , there are so many choices ! i ended up ordering the chipotle bacon burger ( that 's tempeh bacon ) , adding avocado and aged cheddar cheese . the burger itself is huge , so $ 11.50 for the burger is decent . however , my add-ons were $ 2 and $ 2.25 respectively , so in the end , i had ended up spending the most money i had ever shelled out for a burger ; and this one did n't even have meat in it ! i think i will visit again but i do n't feel like this place is worth the price . at least not to a meat lover like myself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love fresh and am always so pleased with my meal there . the service at this location is particularly great , and despite the fact that it is usually very busy with a line-up i never feel rushed or hurried . as a vegetarian , it 's great to have so many options and without sounding too cliche , the food really is fresh . i particularly love the onion rings , they 're so big ! i also enjoy their burgers and steamed greens and tofu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wholesome food ... overall a good place.. one major issue i have is that they do n't post up nutritional information ( and explain it away on their website in a sort of patronizing dismissive way ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are vegetarian or vegan in toronto this place is like mcdonald 's to you . they have multiple locations , and they serve up burgers , wraps , soups , bowls , shakes ... and you can get the food to go . years ago i was vegetarian , and i had friends who were too . so i found myself here a bunch of times . the food here is not bad , but purely based on taste you could find much tastier vegetarian food . i wished they would do curries or something . ( although their food is healthier than a curry ) . also from what i 've seen of the bowls they are more rice than anything else . so i 've always steered clear of the bowls , but i would recommend the burger with the quinoa onion ring . unless you are a vegetarian vegan watching your health ... i do n't see the point of going here . although the next time my vegetarian friend from michigan is in town i 'm sure i 'll be by .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good . not stellar , but decent . if you go , you must get the sweet potato fries with miso gravy , are delicious . i do n't go there for anything else though some of my friends like those bowls . green goddess and dragon bowls are the hits among my people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome veg food . bbq burger , sweet potato fries are my favorites . for brunch the pancakes rock . seating is limited and tight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to give this place props . i always head here when i 'm home from a trip and inevitably craving vegetables . this places provides veggies . that being said it 's a pricey meal , and there is inevitably a wait . service can also really vary depending on when you are there . my favourite dishes are the jerusalem bowl , green goddess bowl , and superfood salad , but their burgers are also good . ( i just never get them because when i go to fresh i want fresh veggies . ) also they do not deliver , but they used to offer a discount when you brought your own take out container , but i went on thursday ( after returning home from a month long business trip ... directly to fresh ) they informed me that they no longer offer this discount .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "much better than i was expecting , and much more filling than i was expecting . as with all hip vegetarian places , a little overpriced . i came with a friend today and we split the guac-bean dosas , and the apple pie smoothie . no complaints . texture and flavours were complex and a pleasant surprise ! i had the thai burger . i commend them on their veggie patties -- made with nuts , soy , and other good veggie friendly things . you can even ask for the burger on lettuce instead of the bun , ridding the meal of the last vestiges of anything remotely unhealthy . my only complaint is that the peanut sauce was overwhelming and too thick in copious amounts . it drowned out the taste of the rest of the meal ! all in all , i would recommend to veggie friends for nice occasions . not really somewhere i would see myself returning to regularly , but as the three star rating says , it 's a-ok ( :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fresh is a self proclaimed `` modern vegetarian '' restuarant with four locations in toronto . all the locations are busy practically everyday since it opens to when it closes . they also do takeout but no delivery and have a juice bar . i have been a few times and really like that they are open to customizing the dishes , and that the bowls and salads are offered in two different sizes . the menu is large and most of the items are very healthy and use a wide variety of fresh ingredients making them nutrient diverse and dense . not to say that they do n't have a selection of unhealthy picks.. their fries and onion rings are both fried and they serve alcohol . this restaurant is a great way to introduce yourself or a friend to vegetarian cuisine , as there is something for almost everyone no matter what their dietary preferences are .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice restaurant . perfect for a casual bite post work . i felt like i was being healthy all throughout the meal which whatever option i chose . the flavour of everything was delicious especially the naan- like appetizer had nice flavour- and that is coming from a 100 % meat lover here . i have always liked how they have a wide selection of juices and smoothies which are going to please any taste bud . there are a few locations now so you 'll be able to find a location that suits you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited this place while i was in town and i loved it . the selection of gluten free items was incredible . i had an all star salad with sriracha vinaigrette dressing with a rose hips kombucha and my husband had green poutine with sweet potato fries . both were delicious . the portion sizes were gigantic and the amount of toppings on the salad were impressive but not overwhelming . the seating was a little cramped but the service was good and as i said the quality of the food was fresh and great . my only complaint was that the prices were a little high , but you do get what you pay for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent cheese sauce , peanut sauce , poutine . i also had an energy shake it was all very good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm in love ! the green poutine is so good subbed with sweet potato fries ( this is what i 'll be coming back for ) . and the bowls are packed with tasty ingredients that leave you guilt free by the end of the meal . the thing is that you could probably make yourself one of these bowls at home ( if you want to put in the work of grilling and roasting vegetables ) . they do give you a good portion though and i had some healthy leftovers ! service was good , but it was super busy inside and the tables are very close together . if you have n't had fresh yet , make some room in your schedule !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has great food and most items are vegan , with the option to add rennet-free cheese . i love the dragon bowl in particular , but everything i 've had has been delicious ! it can get quite busy which sometimes means waiting for a table or having slow service , but the service has always been friendly when i 've gone . i would definitely recommend it to vegans , vegetarians , and omnivores !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh is a vegetarian restaurant and one of my wife 's favourite places . we ordered the tofu wrap , sweet potato fries and a cleanse juice . the food was good but a little bit pricy in my opinion . all of the above cost about $ 30 when you factor the tip to the waitress . if you 're a vegetarian then you probably eat here a lot . or at least you should .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is great , i 'm not a vegan but thought i 'd try it out , had the bbq burger and it was alright 3.5 5 , was n't bad , wish it came with more onion rings . i like getting juices from there . overall , i 'd come back to try something else and vibe was great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh has been around for a few years and it has n't changed much at all ! the store is very full , so it can be a bit of an uncomfortable place at times . however , the smoothies are great ! i would definitely recommend stopping by for a smoothie for the road . there are a lot of great flavours and blends and they 're made with great ingredients . the food is also great . i love the bowls in particular . the baby size is great for one and the full size can be good for sharing along with some appetizers . some of the options can be a bit bean heavy so i would recommend ordering carefully . definitely worth a stop if you 're with vegans or vegetarians -- they 'll be awestruck by all the options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have had better experiences at fresh . busy location , good with service . however , the food was really lacking taste this time . ordered the quinoa onion rings ( 5 stars as usual ) and the dragon bowl ( 3 stars ) . i 've had the bowl before and it was pretty disappointing this time . wayyy too oily and about 70 % just noodles . assume they use a standard recipe so not sure why ... stick to the onion rings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walked in at 1230pm on a saturday and was seated immediately by a friendly hostess . the restaurant was packed but luckily there was an open table , despite it being situated in very close proximity to the neighbouring table . i started with a 16oz `` all greens '' juice which was delicious and tart and very well priced at $ 8 for its size . my friend and i each ordered the baby size `` green goddess bowl '' with basmati rice ( mine with grilled tofu steaks , hers with crispy tofu cubes ) , and an order of onion rings with the chipotle mayo dipping sauce . the bowls were flavourful , the pickled ginger gave it a nice extra kick . the onion rings were out of this world , by far the best onion rings i have ever had . if you walk out of this establishment without trying them , you are making a huge mistake ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the food at fresh , and am happy there 's one so close to u of t. the service is good , they provide water bottles on the table , the food is always so fresh and tasty , and the serving sizes are generous . i 'm not a vegan , or even a vegetarian , but i find i do n't miss the animal products at all . my only complaint ( making it a 4 rather than 5 star review ) is that the space is very tight inside , and when it 's busy ( and it 's almost always busy ! ) it an feel very cramped and get very , very loud . but i guess that 's the trade off for a convenient location , so it is n't terrible .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was okay at best . i would n't say bad but definitely not good . it 's really expensive too . for two of us just it cost $ 50 tip inc. without ordering drinks or appetizers . i expect more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my vegetarian relatives introduced me and my friend to this place when we were staying in toronto . though it was my first time there , i was really pleased with their picnic burger , one of the best , most flavorful veggie burgers i 've ever had and the veggie patty appeared to be made in-house . i also chose the power cookie shake out of their expansive drink menu and was not let down by it ! it had all my smoothie favorites like maca powder , raw cacao , dates , and hemp , and was very filling . our favorite was definitely the vegan poutine which i did n't think was vegan until i noticed how there was no gross feeling that i would normally get after eating regular poutine . my friend is in love with this place now and she 's an avid meat eater so that 's saying a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a power shake i think it had acai or something ? terribly watery , nothing i thought it would be . i was looking for a nice pick me up smoothie before class . would not buy again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quinoa onion rings were not greasy and crunchy . batter was thick ! so was the onion= delicious ! thai burger i enjoyed the peanut sauce . definitely had thai flavor in the burger which i have never tasted before in a burger . the patty was slightly red which is a first for a veggie burger , i savored my meal at fresh . service i received was kind . we went for lunch at a busy time . the restaurant was filled which implies to me that fresh is is reputable and many people like dropping by for meals at fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time here last weekend . saturday morning just as they open was best since this spot gets busy quick . i had the squash tacos ( as recommended by my friend ) and gojiccino ( with hemp milk ) . the tacos were good but could have been better with out the batter surrounding the squash and the gojiccino was n't the best choice for me . my sever was very pleasant and i would come back again because i am a vegan and am always looking for good restaurants creating healthy choices plant based or not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "buddha bowl ! ! ! how i miss thee : ( i 'm 50 % torontonian and i know that if there 's one vegetarian restaurant you should eat at , its fresh . conveniently located on the bloor subway line , the annex and uofc , there 's no excuse for you not to dine here and try out their amazing bowls . the last time i was here was for lunch and i did have a baby sized one ; i was on much stricter diet then , but it was still filling . btw , i 'm 50 % calgarian and i love my medium rare steaks just like the next cow town person , but in toronto , fresh has my number as one of the restaurants i must eat at while i 'm here . and sadly , just as sapna mentioned , calgary does n't have a fresh here sigh i promise you , you will not be disappointed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it me and my bestie have met up here a couple times and we love their shakes and burritos . the quinoa onion rings are so good and you do n't feel that guilty after having some . i find the bowls too heavy - but that 's just my opinion and lots of people like them . if you are looking for something healthy but fun , go to fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh does not focus an local nor organic food . just ask the waiter or waitress .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always looking for a place to get snacks or dinner . dunkin donuts is the place to be that 's for sure . the donuts here are fresh even late into the evening here.sesame toasted bagel with egg and bacon goes well with a nice cup of coffee . do not forget the hash browns . breakfast into the evening . you got ta love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very very slow and unorganized . the staff has zero manners and are very impolite . they get mad at you when they make your order wrong . hey only have one person on register and one person fulfilling orders at peak times . not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in to get donut & & a bagel which were a total of less than $ 3 , came outside & this guy put a boot on my vehicle which cost $ 125 to remove because i did n't have my gas torch or masonry saw on me . driver 0 wheelblockers 1 the universe punishing me for being a fatass & getting this donut note to self : eat healthy & build residual income percent of the time . # dropthedonut # dunkindonuts # residuals # wheelblockers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only writing a review on this because i 've had a very concerning experience more than once , ordered a bagel which tasted like it had chemicals cleaning products on it.. thought it was just a fluke though my friend also had one that was inedible , however i have had this happen twice since the initial incident.. once with a bagel once with a croissant . i did notice the cleaning spray bottles are right next to the rack where the breads are displayed and truly wonder if they are getting contaminated . will not try again . also they are typically out of everything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location about 10 times and they have gotten my order wrong every time . the workers are extremely slow , cashier usually does n't know what they 're doing . i order the same coffee every time but it never tastes the same . only reason i go to this one is location but i may start driver farther to get a correct order . also very rude to customers and each other . looked like it was a girls first day and she was getting scolded . then they tried to argue with me on what i ordered when i had my receipt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst dd of them all . never have anything always out . customer service is terrible . place has no organization", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the words immense , intense , and fulfilling come to mind when thinking of this of event . this was a carefully and thoughtfully thought out and prepared event to showcase tijuana flats array of succulent foods and sauces , however , even more impressive , was the devout dedication to service exuding from each and every member of the staff that your every need is met and attended to promptly . service on this level is almost unheard of in many a higher end dining facilities , nonetheless a family centered one . come one , come all would be my soundest recommendation for this location ... but a word of warning to the faint of heart , watch out for the pyro sauce , made only for the brave , like me . yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i go i say i 'll never go again but the location is convenient . horrible service- varies between rude , slow , and i rarely am given what i actually ordered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dare i say the hot chocolate is better than that of starbucks dds ' is milkier . also , service is always quick and friendly enough . however , during the most recent visit , i noticed that while i was charged 1.79 , the menu says a small hot chocolate is 1.69 . when i pointed this out to the cashier , she told me that it is in fact 1.79 . she then calls over another cashier who confirms that it is and always has been 1.79 . to me this is irrelevant , as the point is that the menu says 1.69 and i should be charged accordingly . rather than raising a fuss , the 2nd cashier gave me a 10 % discount . my question is whether they will change the menu cash register or continue to overcharge everyone . this is how class action lawsuits get started .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nicest staff that i have run across . friendly and accommodating . in a tough neighborhood and everyone is nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dd is part of my morning must have routine when meeting with clients downtown . parking at this location is very tight , but the coffee makes it worth it . this location boasts free wifi and more sitting space upstairs perfect for working alone on a tablet or reading a book .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and consistent food . i ordered breakfast with coffee for an entire week from this location and the manager and staff had me ready to go every morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dunkin donuts for the most place is always consistent . the coffee and donuts are good if you are wanting something fast . the parking lot at this destination is not very ideal , but for the most part they ate always clean and nice there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service ! honest and fair . no wonder they have been in business for so long ! i have been dealing with a lot of different people and garages lately . these guys have been honest and have done things super quickly and reasonably . they do n't overprice you and they do n't charge you for something you do n't need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . we had an estimate within a few minutes of getting there . brought it in for service and it was done sooner than expected . thought it only needed freon , but a fan also needed to be replaced . went home in totally cold air . will return when needed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have real mixed feelings on writing this review . i only brought my truck here because i was told it was an honest reputable shop . eventually they fixed the blower , after 3 trips and 3 days without my truck , i was very fortunate i had alternative transportation , or i would of been extremely angry . they used a cheep aftermarket blower that was noisy ! i had to pick it up after hours or i would of refused to take it . brought the truck back , they replaced it with another cheep noisy blower , left it there this time , and on the 3 rd try , they finally put a gm blower in , and all was well with my world . i would think twice about coming back here again , even tho they apologized up one side and down the other .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my family has been coming to this garage for over twenty years which should tell you the level of trust we have in the owners and workers here . just brought in my wife 's 2006 sonata and had repairs recommended by a dealership done by them for half of what the dealership wanted . we now live in surprise so it can be quite a haul to bring in a vehicle here but i would n't want to take my vehicles anywhere else . i trust them , enough said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here to get some repairs done . they are extremely honest and efficient . they treat you like family . cost is very reasonable . i would recommend this place to everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first ever review . i signed up for yelp just because these guys were sooo bad . they got me for $ 495.00 to spray for bees , but did not kill them . they came back the same day , i called and they said it takes up to 8 weeks . 6 weeks later i called them back to say it was getting worse and could they come out to reapply based on the inflated $ 495.00 charge . he told me no way ! i called dobson pest control , he came out and dusted the bees and they were all gone in 15 min , total charge , $ 150.00 ! do not use these guys , they are terrible and do not even do the job . beware ! ! ! dont get stung ! ha .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "actually zero stars , but i could n't post this until i offered a rating , i have to say , these guys are the worst in my opinion . they actually made the problem measurably worse.they sure arrived quickly and talked the talk . but they did nothing , as i sit here , the bees are still swarming -- now in greater numbers than ever before -- and i am having to deal with a bigger problem thanks to their supposed work . then , when i called , they said they could n't and would n't make it right . oh , and when i mentioned another bee removal person , they said he was a `` hack . '' classy , very professional . i will be complaining to the better business bureau and telling anyone i know . stay away from this company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use this company . wanted to charge me 495 to remove bees and another 800 to get rid of the honey . i told him that it was way to much and other company 's were half that price after i looked it up . i told him never mind but he said he already did it . so ... . a ten minute min job is going to cost me that much ? ! ? never asked me or quoted me a price until after he did it . total rip off company ! ! ! ! only called them because they said they could make it out same day . called my regular pest control guy and told me they are a joke ! do not do not use them ! rude and try to trick you into spending money ! should have yelped them before i called .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mistake . anyone yelping should know all reviews are true . did n't get estimate but thought it would be around 100 to 150 . could n't have been here more than 20 minutes and 500 with no guarantee . bees swarming after they left ridiculous . be warned . found them on good looking website but did n't yelp .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stop ... .you are about to get scammed ! ! ! ! this company is run by a bunch of crooks who prey on the human emotion of `` panic '' when the bees show up ! ! ! ! do not use them ! ! better yet let 's all figure out how to get license # i5302b `` yanked '' and put these guys into the unemployment ranks for the greater good ! ! ! long way down fella 's ... .but , a lot longer way back up from the hole you are digging !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you have a bee problem do not call this company . they kept calling me to increase the price for bee removal which they did not do . started at $ 195 and ended up paying $ 395 and the bees are still there . the final call was they wanted $ 1,000 to break my wall and remove the bees . i would up calling another company that was rated 5 stars on yelp . this is not the company you want for your service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called this company yesterday because we suddenly had a swarm of bees in the upper level of our home . will say they came out within the time frame quoted , but after no more than 20 minutes going through the house and spraying the areas where bees were found , we were charged $ 495 for the service . in conversations with others who have had bees exterminated , we learned that we paid 4x what most other services charge . shame on me for not checking their bbb rating , which is an `` f '' ! note that bee removal does not mean they remove them , they only spray and you are left with the mess of removing the dead carcasses , which in our case are thousands of bees . absolutely do not call this firm if you have a bee problem !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "homeowners beware . do not use this company , scam artist overcharging massively . very pushy it makes you feel like you have nowhere to turn when they arrive . after paying $ 300 for nothing i did my research and found out that for $ 360 i could have had bee hive removal and all honey removal done for that price . this company wanted to charge over $ 1,200 for the entire job . if you see this review , do yourself a favor and just move on to another company and ask as many questions as you can . in addition , called management and they did n't seem to care about how i felt about the service , based on other reviews that i 'm seeing it does n't surprise me . these are probably just a group of guys that run around town spring smoke making it appear that they 're doing their job but in reality they 're just a bunch of scam artist trying to take every nickel-and-dime away from you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all this is one of the best pizza places in an area that has a bunch of good pizza places . the reason for this review is to remind the owners that this is the year 2016 . i 'm not sure if they have noticed but the intrawebs have become a pretty popular thing . i would love to be able to at least look at a menu so that i do n't have to order the same thing every time . please put you menu on the internet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to grab some farinacci for lunch yesterday . they do n't open until 4 . so i decided to try reddi 's . i had the reddi 's in maple and was really impressed . it is owned by the same family . the reddi 's in twinsburg has a conveyer belt style oven . i prefer the ferris wheel style one in maple and in general . i had a lot of leftovers , as i always plan on for the weekend , and the facility or maintenance department at my work threw away all of my leftovers ! i guess every friday they clean out the fridge ! i wish i knew that ! i am pissed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family has been ordering from reddi 's ever since we moved to macedonia 22 years ago . the 1 2 sheet pizza and the antipasto salad is always our go-to meal . the pizza is nothing fancy , but it 's the right amount of guilt and greasiness you need from a pizza . we 've never order anything fancy- just a pizza with pepperoni and sausage- and it 's so good ! the crust is crisp and the cheese to sauce ratio is always on point . if you order the salad , always get the italian dressing . it 's homemade . they also have a pretty bomb ranch dressing that 's solid with pizza , because let 's be honest- ranch is life ! the last time we came here we ordered the wings for the first time and they were on point ! they were decent size and the sauce ( sweet n sour ) was so good ! it was a cross-breed between italian and chinese . sounds weird , but they were delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best pizza places in the area . we 've been looking for our go-to pizza shops since moving here two years ago . we just happened upon reddi 's and are so glad that we did . the large is smaller than from most places , an 8-cut , but the quality is a serious step above other shops . the price is reasonable , as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "menu for reddis pizza twinsburg can be found on facebook . @ reddispizzatwinsburg be sure to like us on facebook . or give us a call", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best pizza place around this area . my family and i will not order from anywhere else since we 've discovered this place . it 's a little pricy but definitely worth the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you were an avid visitor to food time throughout the years , than you are in for a treat . service is average , but you 're coming for the food not the company . their space is aesthetically pleasing , and wins in terms of decor it strikes more tens across the board . the portions are great and you get amazing kebabs and it 's well worth the wait for the value . if you are looking for more options in the gta in durham region i definitely reccomend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so disappointing . went for take out . the person at the counter could not speak a word of english . why would you hire someone that does n't speak some english . not everyone speaks urdu ... food maybe good ... crappy service . do n't waste your time nor money . tried this new place out of the blue next door . king samosa and sweets . amazing service and good food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for dinner and we loved the place . the platters are definitely worth your money . also you have to order the naan bread with potato inside cus it 's sooo good . the staff is also super nice and ca n't get enough of their biryani rice . i would definitely come back here for sure . i did n't even know this place existed in pickering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the biryani is really good . the service takes quite long . i recommend placing your order before you get there so it 'll be ready . the restaurant looked very clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i only used the travel clinic here and could not be happier ! after checking out many places in and around the gta and getting more and more frustrated i was so elated to find dr. van ! they had flexible hours that worked with my schedule ( open weekends ! ) , they charged $ 40 consultation fee and only charged for the first visit , unlike some others that have a fee each time you go back to finish a series of shots . there were no other hidden costs or administrative fees ( one place downtown charged an extra $ 30 per needle ! can you believe that ? ! ) and their vaccination prices were on par with the cheapest i could find ( and trust me i did hours of research ! ) . dr. van was so great . he was very resourceful , only suggested things that we should absolutely get , and was funny and friendly . they take appointments and even though it looked like a zoo in there because of the walk in clinic , they were very good about keeping our appointment time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time . unethical company , overpriced . take my advice and stay far away . legitimate businesses do n't spam .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just like some of the others , i also tried purchasing a gun from them that was hard to find . they said it was in stock on the website and it was n't . they did n't charge my card until i told them i was looking else where . so now my card has a pending purchase for a high dollar amount ! my bank and i contacted them to try and take it off immediately and after holding and recalling for an hour or so the guy did not resolve it because he did not want to give his merchant id or transaction number out , stating `` that information is like giving out his social ! '' are you f king me ! very rude and unprofessional ! i will not do business with them again and their website is not updated and or somewhat of scam . f them and i want to take a trip to their business just to punch that guy in the face !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not even the real address am from california came here drove 40 minutes from my hotel to residential area not cool at all i tried calling them and they do n't pick up do n't waste your time with these people it 's a joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "baristas are n't consistent . the first time i ordered the new flat white it was perfect ... .. i 've had it 3 times since and its a milky mess . the shots are n't being properly done and it 's disappointing . i even called and spoke to a manager who was very sweet & told me to come back in to get it remade . went back and still the same . very milky and not strong like the first time . i understand they are training but when i worked at the graham rd location the ppl training me there were very picky and precise about the quality . so i do n't know if here at this location the trainers are n't on top of things ? ? it 's a shame too because once you do n't work for them the discount does n't apply -- - and thus , the drinks are costly and add up . for a $ 5 coffee i expect a bit more precision .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here three times . finding it to be average at best . service in the drive thru so-so . last visit took forever for 2 hot chocolates- and then no apology . person 'taking ' money never said a word . for a brand new location , i 'm surprised .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this location ! it 's right on the corner of portage crossing next to aladdin 's . it 's always poppin ' here but the baristas are usually pretty good at getting orders out super fast . drinks are correct 80 % of the time , which is a plus if you frequently visited the howe location before switching to portage . service is always fantastic and personable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worst starbucks ( of many ) i have gone too . service is slow and less than cheerful . even when they are not busy . i recommend going to the one inside the giant eagle just across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "straight up disappointed . went to get some matcha water and got over charged and they did n't even make it right . every other place i 've been to for a match water made it with at least three scoops of matcha just for a tall and only costed no more than $ 2 at max . i ended up getting a grande with a single scoop of matcha at the price of $ 3.25 ( the label said ice tea ) it tasted like straight up water .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have yet to go inside , but i 'm usually on my way to campus . the drive through guys are funny in the morning and sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very nice place that is centrally located in cuyahoga falls . it is like most other starbucks i 've been too , so there is nothing too extremely special , but the service was friendly and fairly fast . their bathrooms were very clean and did n't smell , which is always a plus ! i like sitting outside on beautiful days and they have plenty of seating for it . yes , i would come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros typically a quick drive through most baristas are friendly and efficient never had an issue with my drink cons smaller location - inside can be tight limited parking - typical starbucks tough to turn left going south on hudson into the building - almost faster to turn at the light and go around the building , again , not a huge issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an event saturday evening and errands wanted get a coffee or tea . it was only 10pm and every place was closed so looked up the newest starbucks and open til midnight . this was nice to find out as cinemark theatre is across from them . i had a green tea and dave had carmel macchiato . plenty of tables and sitting areas and was nice to see so many people just hanging out enjoying their coffee . i look forward to sitting on patio when weather warms up.im just thrilled to find out the hours ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this is so close to my house , nice place , love the order boatd in the drive thru . usually pretty good , but several times lately latte not stirred mixed , like at all . most of the time its pretty good though", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brand new location ! nicely done , but could use a little more room for hanging out and having a coffee with friends , but in the summer it will be even better as there is a nice size outdoor patio . there is also a drive-thru for your convenience . so far the staff there has been awesome and are very friendly . the only downside is limited parking right next to the starbucks itself . there 's plenty within the vicinity but you 'll have to walk a little further if you do n't luck out and get a close spot . i guess it 's good for you though if you can handle it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i went to this starbucks earlier today and although my latte was good the workers were disrespectful to the company itself . they were talking about how they will never pay for starbucks a day in their lives and how it so expensive and not that good which frankly made me feel they viewed me as stupid for being there . customers are what keep the business going and them in a job and it was just so horrible to hear that while standing right there . it really needs to be addressed because that 's not only rude to me it 's rude to the business itself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a place i want to frequent , and sadly , it 's a place that is necessary . i 've been here 2 times and both times were efficient and quick . you have to go through security first , and then it 's pretty easy navigate where you are going . depending on what you need to do , the lines move pretty quick . i was in and out both times in less than an hour ! there is plenty of parking too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best divorce i ever got ! watch out for crack heads ! i really do hate this place..but if you ca n't afford an attorney the self help center is very helpful..remember though nobody there can give legal advice so to all the idiots who ca n't see the signs quit asking it will make the filing process much faster ... and trust me save your sob story for the judge nobody really cares at the windows they are just trying to get through their day ... lol now that i think of it i feel sorry for their employees", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are going to family court , you come here ! it 's a government office complex . parking is weird . always busy . if you 're like me & used to the rjc , you 'll be disappointed . they have 2 lines for the metal detector but instead of the buckets you use at rjc they only use the `` fish & chip '' baskets . makes it difficult & cumbersome if you have lots of items to send through the xray . come on late friday morning or after 1pm for faster entry ... if you can .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they do n't have anything in order . information desk screwed me and my paperwork up so i had to return and refile . then they decline a request that should have never been declined . i drive all the way across town multiple times when it should have been one visit and done . thank god i wo n't ever have to do this again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only place on earth that i wanted to be on my day off , customer service was horrible as usual , the system was messed up ( not surprise ) judge duckwood was totaled joke , nobody willing to help there , ca n't believe this is where our tax money goes , sad place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service here is horrible . we have sat over an hour waiting for our number to be called and are still waiting . they know you have to wait and since it 's a government service you do n't have a choice . the whole experience is terrible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "parking is atrocious ! . i had to go across the street to the grocery store and mcdonalds to park although they had signs that they would tow your car and this is under surveillance and so forth . the monitors are good inside to tell you where your case should be , but when you get to the court room , you do n't know if your case is being heard or someone else 's . the bailiffs all are nasty though and not helpful if you ask them anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these assholes should change the name to mommy court because all they do is crush fathers . child support is bullshit when it does n't have to be proved that it goes to the child . f u `` family '' court judges , especially bill henderson . there 's nothing `` honorable '' about you , bill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my bikes here for years . i would never take my bike to ridenow or anything like that i want to know who 's working on my bike and with the knowledge and friendly people at the shop i will never take my bike anywhere else . i will be a lifetime customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my r1 in with a coolant leak . the team fixed the issue and did not try and screw me . first time trying the shop and will be my go to shop for the future . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "austin is a great guy . great attention to detail . this place has consistently over delivered every time i 've had repairs done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job to ted and his team . austin the manager will take care of you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my bikes here for 10+ years for service and upgrades as well as classes and trackdays . they do it all ! ted , austin and the team are true professionals in every way ! great job and thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "has all the vibes of san quinton fed prison . need a better `` people '' person other than the rude guy working the front desk last saturday . i guess that they do not need my business although i was more than eager to give it to them . i could have if they guy at the register was not so brutally non social and unhelpful along with all of the eyes staring at me from the `` garage '' . it was a weird experience and i will tread with extreme caution if i ever go back there again , ( doubt it ! ) . ted needs to get someone else up front .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "madison sole is largely forgettable on the state st. walk because it only caters to one crowd : women , and it does that only mediocrely at best . the shoes are generally extremely overpriced and not all that cute looking either ; though , i did manage to find a pair of flip-flops for a decent amount ( $ 29 down from $ 99 -- less than what i found for a decent pair at another place on state st. ) the service here is mediocre , too . when i went in , the two clerks were busy gossiping over another employee for at least 15 minutes before they realized someone had been in the store . when i got in , they clucked about a pair i was wearing and how `` comfortable '' it was . i got it home and the large blister on my feet from the strap is a testament otherwise . this is n't a bad place , but there 's a lot better on state st. , even if it 's more money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "madison sole worked for me , and i 'm a guy ! i went in with friend of mine who happens to be a girl , but not my girlfriend and what a great find . as she was trying on a pair of shoes i found the men 's section and saw a pair of keens that are rockin ' . the girl who helped us was `` on the ball '' and helpful without being too pushy . and truth be told , after i bought my shoes i had to look up via the web how much i might saved if i bought online . same prices , a few places even had them priced a little higher . so nice job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in , was greeted but then ignored . the two clerks just talked amongst themselves and i was on my own even though i had told them i was searching for a certain type of shoe . i walked out without buying anything and will probably not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they carry vera bradley , and that is good enough for me ! ( :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been staying at this hotel over the past 2 years on my business trip chandler there has been lot management changes in the property but from my experience staying at hotels on my trips i find this property has one active gm you see him walking the property and dealing with issues and not making excuses for their short fall that to me is worth a lot . you also see it in the faces of the employees that work there the only reason i do n't give 5 star they have few minor issues that i 'm sure they are working on if you asked my opinion about this property 8 month ago it would be 2.5 tops so time is needed to improve more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here this weekend for two nights . i was accompanying a friend to a work banquet . we recieved a handcapped accessible room . i was underwhelmed with the actual hotel some of the problems with our room included : blood stained comforters , the shower handle fell off in my hand the shower nozzle for overhead rain shower took alot of work to get it working . the closet door was broken stained carpet the ice machine was impossible to find and i just went into the resturant to get ice the bartender ( ? ) was n't very helpful when i asked wher e the machine was she said `` it 's right there by your room '' gee thanx lady ! probably would n't pick this hotel for another stay . that being said , the bed and pillows were comfy there was very little noise lots of proivacy and the housekeeping staff was really great when thinsg were brought to their attention .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "elevator broken and we were placed on the 4th floor . they failed to mention it until we seen the sign . ice machine broken on our floor and our tv did not work . we received 2 complimentary drink tickets and free breakfast . very disappointed in the price of our king size room at $ 150.00 and such crappy service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never actually stayed here as i live nearby , but have had fun stopping by at the lobby . they have a large fireplace which is a nice escape from the cold outdoors in the winter . i enjoyed checking out the photo historical exhibit they have over in the walkway leading to the ground-level restaurant . however , my favorite item in the lobby is dr. chandler 's own 1925 dodge ! it 's been kept in excellent condition and really takes one back to a simpler time . if you 're ever strolling through downtown chandler , do n't pass up a quick stroll through this historic hotel ! hopefully someday i 'll be back to review the rooms rest of the grounds !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a review of the golf course ... do not know what has happened to this historic course , but the condition was horrible ... .and this is high season ( course conditions are at their best due to great weather ) . the grass on the sixth green was spotty at best - the course filled in the dead grass with sand ? ? not contusive to an 'ok ' putting surface . the sand bunkers were packed in so much that it was basically hitting off dirt . bunker shots had to be played as chip shots off hardpan . sad to see this course in this poor condition ! i enjoy the layout , the people and challenge , but the condition has declined over the years . i hope the owners are able to put some money into the course to bring it back to its hay-day . as of today , i suggest you seek other courses at comparable prices ( i.e . bear creek , ken mcdonald , dobson ranch , oakwood ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "getting long in the tooth . historic main building . pool deck is starting to show wear and tear . exterior room entry but it is phoenix . room s were nice . well appointed and clean. , the general condition is startingto show wear out side . did not golf ... ..why would i ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stayed here last night and do n't know why all the bad reviews . the hotel is nice , clean and comfortable . the staff is friendly but not over the top with customer service . i tried aj 's for breakfast and they did n't check on me often and i had to ask for a refill on my coffee . overall i will stay at this location again . the a c unit is kind of loud when it kicks in but works just fine . i will stay here again next time i 'm out this way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the loudest place i 've ever tried to relax and sleep in . absolutely ridiculous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the location in downtown chandler is great ! also liked that it had a bar . pillows were bad , no extra at the front desk . not even sure they actually checked for them . every time we called the front desk they seemed like we were bothering them , did not receive return phone calls on requests made . the rooms need updating , the back of the bathroom door had a big hole in it where a place used to be to hang your towels . the air conditioner is loud and having a sidewalk outside of the room makes a lot of noise when people wheel their suitcases out . you definitely do not get your money 's worth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "outside rooms , elevators sooooo hot , ice machines are empty , pool very dirty , and today as i try to get some rest they are testing the fire alarms over and over , air conditioner is so loud , rooms have no fridge . not enjoying this stay ! staff does seem nice though . when did crown plaza put their names on sub par accommodations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omgg i just have to say i came in for a tour for information regarding my upcoming wedding and shaneal wilson was fabulous.. her professionalism just overall willingness , pleasant i can keep going on and on.. along with the front desk staff just awesome everyone is so kind.. they do a great job with hiring great people and i am happy that we selected this place to have our wedding.. now dont change please please.. shaneal keep up the great work kudos to you as you are very knowledgable with regards to the hotel..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought our friends here for easter brunch . it was worse than horrible . worst presentation i ever saw it looked like they threw it on the tables . rubber chicken , dried out salmon , the man at the omelette station was so inexperienced , must have been his first time making omelettes . went for desserts and it was all picked over and looked pathetic . when we asked for cheesecake that said they were out because they had reservations for 600 but 750 showed up , good for them but we had a reservation and a poor experience . they were open from 10 to 3 , we had a 1 o'clock reservation . i feel sad for the people with reservations after 1 , they had to have had a worse experience than we did . we felt so bad for our friends we ended up picking up the whole tab , we could not dream of letting them pay for that slop . wish i would have read the other reviews before making reservations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time i stayed i got there at midnight , the key machine was broken , finally got to my room and the keys did n't work , got in the room and there was hair in the bathroom sink and shower . i was only at the hotel for 7 hours , so that 's all . second time i was there , i found a flea in my bed and the housekeeper came in my room and moved my stuff even though a do not disturb sign was on the door . and they quoted and charged my company 40 % more per night than what is on their website . it 's just questionable all around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "trying to have breakfast in the restaurant with the worst music from broadway tunes playing loudly . fiddler on the roof ... . matchmaker , matchmaker , you know that i 'm still very young . please , take your time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "standard buffet with a really good layout . you do n't have to walk a mile from station to station . there 's a : dessert station salad station american station asian station mexican station italian station beverage station with pepsi and dole juice huge dining area great carving station but they had lamb- no beef ! ? turkey , ham and chicken . there 's and omelette station as well as eggs benedict and corn beef hash as well as spam ! gemma is a great server . very prompt and always checking in . definitely not a bad place to relax and enjoy a reasonably priced and good tasting meal . if you 're in the area , i suggest this place as it looks newer than most of the area and it does n't seem too busy . thanks for feeding me and providing a wide selection of food to satisfy my pallet . oh yeah ... they also have a champagne brunch ... get your buzz on ! cheers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "off beat vegas casino , with an okay buffet . the wait service is great , super friendly and helpful but the host and seater are one of the rudest people ever in vegas . food was okay and a variety of cuisine 's was fun . would i recommend it ? sure , if you are super hungry and in need of a break from gambling . but if you have the time and energy , go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly for their price this place is pretty decent . this is my second time here . i go straight for their prime rib . the cut was soft . i came back to get the well done piece , the first one was amazing , but the third time i came back it was hard as a rock . if their dessert selection and presentation was better i would up the stars to four total .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , i only came to eat at the cannery buffet because it is the closest to our neighborhood . as for being a local here in las vegas for over 20 years , i 've never seen lower quality food in my life ... it 's so hard to understand why you would n't just put littler portions of food out instead of just letting large amounts of food sit out , and just turn into the most nastiest looking food you 've ever seen . i 'll admit the salad bar pizza was descent . . . but that was it . . . my prime rib was nothing but fat , if they would let me post a picture of the food i picked up you would totally be disqusted and grossed out ! the photos they show you are a huge lie~ and should be deamed false advertising ! like domino 's pizza your buffet needs a whole new outlook and assment ! blah to your buffet ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the buffet here is so dry , they charge you so expensive it 's not even worth it . better off going to mcdonald 's or something . plus their dessert with whip cream tastes like old milk , so if you want to be constantly in the bathroom . do n't try it , i really hope they will improve their buffet here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a 2 free buffet coupon ... would never pay for this buffet . gross.. food is questionable , buffet utensils were sticky and dirty . i ate the prime rib and a sweet potato and called it a day . stomach hurt after and everytime i thought about the buffet i wanted to puke . in my opinion this place is only open for the free buffet coupons that they give you for gambling ... yuck yuck and more yuck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible food . yes , it 's cheap , but no cheaper than boulder or fiesta , and they are much better . the food at cannery row either has no taste , or is so overcooked and dry ... ..or is both tasteless and dry . we never use our free buffet coupons - ever . that should tell you something ... we wo n't even eat there for free . skip this place - for the same price , there are much better options out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll keep it simple.. overpriced poor quality food very small selection of food , you would think with each section having only 5 items max that it would be made well , but no . however the desert was fresh and tasty . i 'd give it 1 star but the service was most excellent ! joe was our waiter and he was extremely polite and on point ! the moment he noticed our drinks were empty he was there to fill them and when they were n't he still came by . very impressed with joe 's service ! ! ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here was alright . i mean , it was pretty good for $ 10 . it was n't the best , but it definitely was n't the worst . i think that , looking at other reviews , we may have come at a good time . i would eat here again given the choice . there are definitely worse deals on the planet . if you 're looking for really high quality food , i 'd look elsewhere . the buffet was about what i 'd expect . if you need volume , this is your place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boulder strip discounted crap would eat if i was broke but that 's about it", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we just took advantage , of the current promotion : an all day $ 7 sunday buffet . as expected , the quality of the food was okay . in other words it was not bad nor great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a disappointing experience ! this was my first time coming here and for sure my last one . the selections are very limited for the price and they are not really well stocked with fresh items . none of the food here was something i would want to eat again and the dessert selections are just cookies and ice cream pretty much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well i should make 2 reviews really because one time it deserved 2 stars and another time 4 stars ! first time we went here it was a regular buffet day and the food was not super , but ok ... the second time we came was with new years eve.. we had free buffet tickets and sushi was on the menu that night , so we decided to give it another shot.. this time the food was very good . the sushi was very nice and the refried breans were nice too . for the personal in the buffet , well 5 stars ! a nice blonde lady from south america ( i believe she was from paraguay ) very nice lady with excellent service and the african american lady that makes the pasta 's ready for you , also very good service ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located in the eastside cannery hotel casino on the boulder strip . a very reasonable buffet . there was no line when i went on hawaiian night . the food was fresh and hot . everything i had was good . i will go back for the champagne brunch , i will let you know how that is . locals look out for offers in the mail . so if you are that part of town and want a cheep and easy buffet , this is your place . live it up you are in las vegas for cryin ' out loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad , especially when there 's a promo going on ( lots of 2 for 1 deals ) . good salad bar , they also have sushi and other asian food . prime rib was okay , as was the pasta ( they have a person making pasta dishes to order ) . also enjoyed the dessert bar . staff is attentive and prompt at refilling drinks and taking plates away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on a summer trip to vegas with my parents , they decided to eat at this buffet since it was at the casino that we were staying at . the price is very cheap but the food is terrible . most of the food was bland and mediocre and the selection was small . the only thing i liked about this buffet were the cheesecake . i had the most stomachache of my life after eating at this place . i would recommend a different buffet beside this place . i am sure there are many other buffets in vegas that are better and are about the same price as this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a smaller buffet off-strip . good place to come for cheap , typical american food . not great , not bad . the restaurant is clean and the service is very good . nothing spectacular to report .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "poor food selection compared to other cheaper buffets and given that i have food allergies . minimal vegetables . the food gave me an upset stomach . i would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tough to review . sometimes really good sometimes terrible . prime rib and shrimp night is the best time to give it a try . sometimes the prime rib is way too overdone but there are good nights . standard buffet was no good at all . stick to the specialty night ( prime rib shrimp ) make sure to have a players card for a discount !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my second visit to this location . we came for lunch about 30 minutes after they opened . i had another coupon for 2 free buffets for spinning the wheel on web pass . the food was less dried out . the broccoli in the broccoli beef was over cooked , but the beef was tender . there were no potstickers today , only egg rolls and clam strips which i did not try . the salad bar was larger , but they took away the sushi section . i tried the pepperoni pizza again . it was okay . i did not see anyone at the carving station or the pasta station . the chewy peanut butter cookies and coconut cream pie were good as usual . i ate them first . i would come back just for the desserts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually go to a buffet for thanksgiving , and this was probably my best experience to date . it helped that i got there early -- a little after 2 pm . the buffet was n't crowded , and the line was short . i was seated in less than 10 minutes . the thanksgiving items were great . everything else i tried was at least good . and it was inexpensive -- i do n't have their players ' card , but i still got change back from a $ 20 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "12.99 plus tax with player card for dinner buffet . the selections were limited . they had mexican and a little bit of chinese and japanese . the prime rib was probably the best thing although it was a bit tough . it was flavorful . the vanilla cake with chocolate topping was pretty good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i only go here if i have coupons . which makes it roughly 4-8 dollars a person ( their prices have been changing ) . this buffet has a great salad and fruit bar which is worth if to me . the dishes are all okay and worth it if you have a coupon . dessert bar is neat . i always enjoy the cookies and chocolate pie . main dishes at this buffet arnt my thing so i stick to salad , cottage cheese , and the fruit . i would go again but not pay full price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting , borderline inedible food with piss poor service . we complained about the poor food quality and bad overall experience and were denied a refund only after we were given a really long run around and were treated like criminals . they went as far as to watch the cameras to see how many plates of food we grabbed ... .. on what planet is that normal ? we were trying to find something worth a shit to eat at the worst buffet in vegas . excuse the shit outta me for not trying to just give yall $ 30 for dinner and then leave . i would honestly rather starve than ever come eat here again . please avoid this place at all costs . it 's honestly not worth it . just go to mcdonald 's across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terribad . i read it was supposed to be prime rib and shrimp night . at least thats what it said on the website . the only shrimp i saw were in the asian food area : the shrimp fried rice ( flavorless ) , and fried shrimp ( probably the best thing on the buffet ) . the `` prime rib '' tasted like it was warmed up in the microwave . everything was very bland and typical buffet food . definitely was n't worth $ 15 . go across the street and get steak and lobster for $ 11 instead . not impressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ate here on a recent visit to vegas . we found it to be a decent meal for the price . we 'd eat here again . there was lot 's of variety to choose from .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a good buffet for the price . with the players club you get a a discount and discounts are always good . there was a lot of variety in food served . the prime rib was delicious as was the salad and other items . we did n't care so much for some of the desserts . the pecan pie had little taste . however , we 'd still return for another one . slots are really tight at this casino .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went on a saturday for champagne brunch . although none of my family members are drinkers , i felt the brunch is worth the price since it was only $ 12.99 . they had lamb , ham , turkey at the carving station . there were even serving lox ! love those smoked salmons , so i stocked up on them . our sever was friendly but wish he had check on our table more frequently . because he did n't come back to our table , we were stuck with a pile of used dishes . our drinks were not refilled . they have free wifi so i was very happy ! unfortunately , no at & t cell signal . the only thing is if you need to use the restroom , you have to leave the restaurant and use the one on the casino floor . skip those pricey buffets on the strip , and come here . you pay less and get a decent food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to be really cheap with a few nice selection but they doubled their price and seemed to have halved their selection too ! ! boo", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went only because of a 2 for 1 coupon and then saw it was prime rib and shrimp night which i thought would be exciting . wrong . they only had one shrimp choice which was fried jumbo shrimp . no grilled , scampi , nothin . all the food looked questionable and nothing was worth coming back for . prime rib was the most bland i 've ever had . most food was tasteless . only thing really edible was the cornbread stuffing . i would definitely pass and try elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my parents got the `` 2 free buffet '' promo comp in the mail . so worse case scenario of this buffet , i wo n't be back . yeah , i will not be returning to this eatery . food was minimal , not much selection . the hot food was n't held at proper temperature . the dessert i had , coconut cream pie tasted like egg nog .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very disappointing . $ 10 per adult for saturday night dinner ( $ 12 minus $ 2 for player 's card ) but $ 11 per child ? ridiculous , when stations are running better prices for more selection . the foods were all low-price filler items that looked `` sat out '' , and i could n't see any dishes that would justify the extra few dollars over what other casinos are charging . everything seemed mediocre . i liked the baked potato bar best . i 'm going to stick with sunset station for bargain buffet in my neighborhood . a sign promoted $ 7 buffet on sunday , which should be the price every day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went on a wednesday so we had the hawaiian buffet . the huli chicken was a bit dry . the fried rice was a little `` wet '' needs a little more vegies of some kind in it . the flavor was a bit bland . the sushi was a bit hard . the teri chicken was moist , nice flavor . the desserts wasnt disappointing . thanks for having jello ! ! lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first place that actually refillef my drink ! there setup was not all the great . some of the dishes did n't even look fresh . i like that they had the dessert near the entrance because that 's the most important display ... at least in my opinion . i need to know how much space to save ! the server was very attentive and friendly . she refilled my drink without being asked..that may not seem important to most , but after eating at numerous places to my shock and dismay , they never refilled or even asked . i was confused as to why they had mexican dishes in the american section as well . not one of my top choices but it is cheap and service was good . another great thing about this place . self serve eggs benedict ! oh my ... i could n't help myself at this station .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent quality buffet especially for the value . selection may not be the largest but it makes up for it in quality especially for what they charge . the breakfast omelet station is better than most other buffets in town . the shrimp or chicken pasta station for dinner is equally as good . great quality ingredients . the other good parts i like is the prime rib station and the chinese beef dishes . for some reason the beef they use in the chinese stir fry dishes is super tender and keeps me coming back for more . the service and friendliness of the staff is also better than most other local casinos . overall i like it better than station casino feast buffets . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wasnt impressed with this buffet . even though the buffet facility is decorated nicely , the food itself just reminded me of poorly made cafeteria fare . it seemed salty , and not homemade . ill try again in the future after they make some changes", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could give less than one star i would . the selection very poor . food cold and stale . worst place i have eaten in las vegas and north las vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to say this buffet is hit or miss . sometimes it is really good and other times it was like the cooks threw the food together and did not care how it tasted , the desserts are always really good someone knows how to make them . for the price it is ok . if you play in the casino you will get free buffets or buy one get one . you can not go wrong then .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not good . mcdonald 's would have been better . selection was weird . never been to buffet that did n't have some kind of beef selection . it was just odd things . tamales looked good but the taste was off . salad was sad . pie had that film it gets when it sits sliced too long . went with two other people all of had different things and none of us liked what we got . has a lot of potential if the stuff would have tasted good , we could have dealt with the weird choices but alas it was n't . totally marking this place off the list of places to return to . no line at 5pm should have been a clue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came back again last week and for a monday night , the food was terrific ! it is honestly way better than most of the typical buffets you get on the strip and a third of the price . love the baked salmon , salad bar , and soup options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can i give this place zero stars ? the only good thing about this buffet is the two for one coupon you can find in the rj . okay service . food leaves a lot to be desired . it 's either old and dried out , too salty , too mushy , and or just unappetizing . this is in a neighborhood with a lot of lower income families . while the price is right , the food is not . value does n't just mean the price is low . value is when you get a quality product for a reasonable price . this is not a good value . management and chef 's should reevaluate their offerings and get better food in there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there on a sunday after church . ( craig rd cannery ) ... .i should have known better because the lines we out of this world . they did n't have a big variety like i would have expected . food looked as if it was cooked sat night . really hated i wasted an 1hr in line and my money . so not worth it . i 'm giving it an extra star other than one because the waitress was super nice & attentive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely nice and professional people . the installers were swift and did a thorough job . i will be going back to them for my bathrooms soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taught next to this guy , but recently i experienced for the first time a massage by david at emerge . dave has amazing instincts for who is on his table and what they need . from setting a great environment to understanding the body he 's about to work on , dave is probably one of the best kept secrets in tempe for massage therapy . go . see . him ! ! he 'll turn your frown upside down : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been 5 or 6 years since i had an acupuncture treatment . emerge acupuncture had an instant welcoming feeling walking into the door . dana is fantastic . genuine , grounded and great at tuning into your body and mind ! i have been back 4 times in 6 weeks for the community acupuncture sessions and i will be a repeat customer as long as they are open for business . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently made an appointment and got a massage by david . the place itself is a little bit hidden , the south side of tom 's bbq , but not difficult to find . walking in the space is very clean . relaxing music plays , herbs line the wall , and the ambiance is welcoming . seeing david , he was very aware right away with areas i carried stress and needed work . he did great work , i would highly recommend seeing him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i attended my first community acupuncture treatment session yesterday . dana was very knowledgable calming and helpful . she made me feel comfortable . i 've been to other acupuncturist who were not as skilled with needling and actually made me bleed and bruise . she was gentle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting acupuncture and cupping done at emerge for several months now , and it 's really reduced my lower back pain . and today i got my first massage at emerge and it was probably the best massage i 've received . i already scheduled another massage for next week : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "emerge is a wonderful place to get your herbal medicine acupuncture treatment . the proprietress , dana , is knowledgeable and warm , and really takes the time to get to the root of one 's medical condition ( s ) . the treatment area itself is soothing and inviting , clean & efficient . walking in , one ca n't help but immediately feel secure & comfortable with this exciting path of medicine . she is here to help you help you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beverly is a wonderful and intelligent practitioner . she is extremely thorough and honest . she has helped me with my fibromyalgia pain , back pain ( almost completely gone ) . she tries to cure you and does n't milk the client for additional sessions . she has also given me the most pain relief for my trigeminal neuralgia . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a beautiful space and highly recommended for anyone looking for yoga , tai chi . meditation , bollywood or pilates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dana is wonderful ! ! ! dana does more than just acupuncture . i was having anxiety stress issues . she asks the right questions so that you can identify triggers . basically , she helps you figure out how to help yourself . i highly recommend her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i refer all of my friends to emerge acupuncture because i have received so much healing from dana 's down to earth healing techniques . she is skilled at the actual work but just as importantly she is adept at explaining the perspective of chinese medicine and the connections between mind , body , spirit in an easy to understand , not overly `` woo-woo '' way . i appreciate her humor , her integrity , her willingness to help and her powerful intuition . whatever you have going on physically or emotionally , i am pretty sure dana can find a way to point you in a more authentic and ultimately comfortable direction . : c )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was nervous to open up my life and ailments to yet another person , but i was frustrated after western medicine alone was n't helping me . a friend referred me to emerge and i could n't be happier to have dana on my healthcare team ! she is more than someone who 'll put needles in you and then send you on your way . she 's sincere when she asks you questions , and you can tell she 's along for the journey . we 've worked on my emotions , bodily ailments , and just simple balancing . whatever your need is , dana is the one that you want to have in your corner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dana is absolutely wonderful . i suffered with chronic tendonitis in my fingers for over a year before i saw her . i had been treated by 3 specialists , had physical , occupational and hand therapy and was still in a lot of pain . i felt better after the first session , and after three more treatments my pain is almost completely gone . besides pain relief , the whole experience is very calming and relaxing , it 's wonderful for stress reduction . dana is very soothing , calm , caring and compasionate . she has made a positive change in my life . thank you dana !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible place . dont go . i paid 25 dollars for a pedicure done in 9 minutes . i dont even know what inpaid for . my feet does not look any cleaner or smoother . they hardly scrubbed or cleaned . terrible terrible terrible . if i could i would give them a negative 20 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible services . last time when we were here , we order 6 drinks and waited for 30-40 mins and drinks still not out so we went up and ask and they said : `` oh , you still have another 2 hrs wait , they were someone who order a lot through the phone '' . we understand that you have to make that first but at least let us know before we waited for 30-40 mins and we have to approach to find out . the owner , his name is devon ; instead of apologize but said ( with a tone of not caring ) : `` you want your money back ? '' heck yea i want my money back and will never come back as well ! ! as for their drinks , they use powder and they go very heavy on the ice sometimes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sort of have mixed feelings about this review . i have been here a few times and everytime my experience and feeling when i leave is different . so the boba , options for drinks , toppings and flavors are all great . i have n't had one i did n't actually like . the flavors and add in 's are pretty typical and just like any other tea house . as for service , its average slightly above par .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love relaxed vibe and the friendly staff . the matcha green tea snow ice blended is my favorite . i think it is better than starbucks green tea frap . if you do n't care for their drinks , they do have froyo and other food snacks . there are not enough boba places in the west valley . we want more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the good : this place has hella toppings ! for a minute there , i was n't sure what i was going to get . it 's also a pretty chill space where i could definitely see myself hanging out with friends for a little bit . reminiscent of tea rooms i 've only seen outside of arizona . the bad : holy tapioca ! i love my little black pearls , but you can totally ease up . i do n't need them filling up like half my cup ! and while i love a good taro , i felt concerned that my drink was not cold enough to be refreshing . how do you make that mistake ? it 's all cool though , this is the newer location so i 'll trust their ability to work things out . the southwest valley needs more places like you , bomboba , so get it together !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is just your average boba house . the worker didnt seem to know what boba really was either . she offered for us to try the new strawberry dragon fruit but we had to buy it instead of sample it . the worker also told us that it was really good so we bought a small and it was horrible , no real flavor except for the pieces of strawberries and kiwis placed on top . my husband ordered taro milk tea and i ordered thai milk tea.. nothing special have definatly had better and was expecting better . what i did like is that the boba has a plastic covering so that you can not spill it . i would rather spend my money at lee lee 's right next door .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good , not great . sorry arizona , but your milk teas do n't even come close to the unique variety of teas we offer in california . my cousins were craving milk tea after dinner and this was pretty much the only place to go ... the place was very colorful . music was blasting while we were waiting in line , which kept us occupied . various different drinks were ordered that i can no longer list all of them . overall they were decent , but nothing special or memorable . no `` wow '' factor about the place or any of the drinks . staff was friendly . plenty of seating . they also had a few board games to play if you ask .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the girl repeat my order literally 8 times . and still got it wrong . wth . smh . then one of the co workers came up to her and started talking about her bf while taking my order . it was so rude . they do not have good customer service . overall this place is chill . the manager is super sweet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "last review was two years ago , but have visited a couple times prior to this review and i feel pretty similar about it . large menu , which can make decision making hard to do but settled for their lychee green tea again with boba . the tea was good , pieces of lychee pieces ( but too big to fit through the straw ) and very sweet . however , the boba itself was unflavored and well cooked alright . the service this time around was a lot faster , but that was probably because there was 3-4 people working . i still think the price point is high for what they are serving . also why is everything in this place so sticky ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "growing up in the bay area i 'm used to real good popcorn chicken ; and this place does n't cut it . i must confess their milk tea is as good as tapioca express ( in san jose , ca ) . clean modern atmosphere as it is still new , but overpriced . milk tea pearls and flavors out here in az is `` precious '' commodity and i 've had so much better ... .and this is probably sub-par close to what i 've grown up to . price ai n't worth it ; customer service is slow ; messed up on my first order the first time ... .guess it is just going to be a matter of time before they get with the program .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service is horrible ! the first thing you walk into is an unmanned or unwomanned counter and giggles coming from the back kitchen . four people in the back can clearly see me standing at the counter and 3mins go by with no acknowledgement . ordered 2 drinks and literally took half hour to make and it was not busy , unless you think a group of three who already had their drinks is `` busy '' . drinks are good but the horrible service makes this place mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the openness of the place and the vibe . it was their second week to open , we came on a saturday night . they were out of a lot of stuff and my almond milk tea with boboa was watered down . i need to go back to see if they got their operation straighten out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being from southern california where there is a boba location at almost every corner , i thought bomboba was just ok . nothing special and forgetful . i had the milk tea which was bland for my taste . the texture of the boba was average . do pass on the popcorn chicken . well packaged but lacking flavor with too much batter . service was fast , courteous and friendly . great spot to hangout and kill sometime at .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here a few months back for half of boba tea.. honestly i order 3 different drinks and it was super bitter and was n't even sweet ! thai tea ! and milk tea ! i thought maybe they had forgotten to sweeten it so i order another thai tea because i threw the first one away and the second one came out tasting horrible as well.. i wanted to go back and give them another chance but they left rude comments and bashing another boba tea place , yo & i , on my instagram ! i do n't want to be associated with this place ever again . who would stoop that low.. embarassing themselves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as the west valley goes , bomboba rules the west . with their vast amount of flavors and their use of punch cards , it 's easy to understand why bomboba is so popular and always really busy . i do like how they have tiny menus as i keep one at work . it 's a favorite establishment for my friends but i still prefer an east valley boba place more . bomboba has a mushier soggier tapioca ball [ not to be confused with soft and fresh ] that i do n't like . i still have yet to try their snacks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "30 min wait for 2 drinks ... add an extra 10 minutes because they skipped my order . 3 groups later they still have n't gotten around to making 2 milk teas ... a customer who arrived after me ordered , got his drink , decided he did n't want that flavor , & had it remade before i got my drink order . lack of customer service and poor work flow will keep me far away from this place . i 'd give it -5 stars if i could . put away that tip jar folks cause you do n't deserve it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you try something new here , just know that i guess they do n't have a customer satisfaction guarantee . or if they do , the employees certainly do n't care . that in itself is n't really a problem , i suppose . but if you want any sort of kindness in your service , do n't come here . they do n't have that either . i always make a point to stop in when i come through town and have n't had a problem until today , when i was given a drink that tasted like straight perfume . maybe it was supposed to , as the woman i spoke to told me `` that 's just the syrup '' in a very snide way . she continued to talk to me as though i should 've known exactly what to expect from a drink i 've never had before . it 's not that i expected a refund , but i did expect her not to be incredibly rude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mine and my hubbies fav boba tea place here in peoria ! we do n't live here , but every time we come to visit , it is our go to spot . i love their taro milk tea ! staff is also super friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that they 're open till midnight . never been here during the day so ca n't speak for when they 're busy but at night the service is lovely . the owner is so nice , gives great suggestions for what you 're craving for and will do anything you ask for . they 're all about `` what the customer wants '' when it comes to the fix-ins ( boba , pudding , etc ) . they do n't mind if you stay till midnight either , at least i think they do n't : ) in my opinion , they stepped up their game from when i came here years ago . the have `` king size '' now , which is what another boba place in the area is known for their house special . the location is not ideal but when you 're in the area late at night , it 's a wonderful treat to be able to get your boba fix with a midnight snack like popcorn chicken - you ca n't go wrong !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yea i wo n't be coming back . looks like they raised their price on the thai tea with boba to $ 5.67 in 2017 . that costs more than a grande drink at starbucks . they are no starbucks quality . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the menu here is huge , even the employees do n't know the menu themselves . they do n't have descriptions of their drinks so i asked an employee for the ingredients in two drinks and they had no idea ! also , it takes about 10-15 minutes for them to make a drink , sometimes even longer ! the taste is n't all that great , definitely not worth the wait . two stars because the staff is friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome spot . i live a ways from it but its worth the drive for me i get the king cup or some like that when i get boba . its a huge cup might as well since i live far , save me from having the urge to drink more if i finish a normal cup.lol they have tons of flavors and other drinks n deserts as well and even actual food . yea yes id definitely come bak . customer service was also good . a kinda small venue but its nice..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool to find boba ! i got a matcha green tea blended snow . good customer service but my drink took about 10 minutes to make with about 2 other people in front of me . it was also almost 7 $ with extra boba which is insane to me since for the same thing it 's 4 $ in california . however they did have a sign explaining their price increase since minimum wage was raised so i do understand that they have to charge more and it may not be their fault however that was insane to me lol . there was a yogurt bar however it was all out of service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excited to have another boba place in this side of town but service is super slow . believe the other reviews stating you 'll wait about 20 min for a drink . i 'll stick with yo and i or snoh for now if i want boba in the west side . place has great potential but needs a little more work to make it run smoothly . pros : lots of options to choose from . even has appetizers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been a regular customer here for awhile but i feel like their customer service is really bad now since the owner is not there anymore..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "atmosphere here is fun , the wait is a little long but thats okay , they are actually making your drink , and not pre-made . so i do n't mind the wait at all . from my last experience at the old bomboba spot , i like this place better . closer to my place , the worker here is welcoming , and they seem like they like their job ! which is good to see ! this place is the only place maybe around tollison open till midnight ! i love that ! so late night munchies craving , this place is the place to go to ! i would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for refreshing cold drinks : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i use to live by this place for years and i never thought to try it out . i do love the energy that this place gives off . i 've been 3 times in the past couple weeks and man is it always packed . the drinks are good . i 've had a peanut butter , banana cream , and horchata milk tea all with boba . like i said the drinks are good , but honestly they taste kind of watered down . i tried a banana cream milk tea at yo and i and it was much more flavorful yet the rest of that place leaves a lot to be desired . bomboa has a cool , hip , ambience and that could make up for the lack of flavor in the drinks . my review will probably change once i try the food and other drinks there . but for the most part i was satisfied with the place even if you can expect at least a 10 minute wait for your drink just because of how crowded the place can get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bomboba is the bomb simply put.. the thai tea blended is my fave ive had it many times . although it does depend on who makes the drink for maximum goodness . plus the frequent bomboba drinker punch cards are an awesome incentive . look forward to trying somethin new soon..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan of this boba place . the boba balls itself are really bland , no flavor whatsoever . meaning it 's not good ! ! ! ! & first time i came here , one of the male workers was so rude with the way he answers our question . i would definitely not come back after trying this place out 3 times .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very courteous staff food is delish and drinks are awesome . glad to know theres a good boba place in arizona", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here as much as possible , never tastes the food but i love the boba drinks . i try to get a different one every time and have n't been disappointed in any of them . my new favorite is the jackfruit-oh so good ! i wish it was bigger because it gets so busy on the weekends , you 'll see a line out the door . it 's cute that they have games for you to play with the family . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm truly surprised and love the fact they serve halo halo . it 's not totally like the filipino kind , but it 's good enough . they offer a lot of variety of drinks and it 's a nice option . they have a limited amount of boba flavors you can choose from . the popcorn chicken is not to my liking . there 's too much batter on the chicken ( if there 's even chicken ) . it 's like it 's americanized compared to the asian popcorn chicken that i 'm used to . i did ask for the to make it medium spicy and they definitely got the spice level down . i do love the decor of this place ! it 's fun with a pop of colors cuz of the colorful chairs . this place looks clean and organized . they 've got games foe those who enjoy playing games while they chill with their snacks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "almost passed the place in the plaza because their store sign was turned off . menu is huge . even the staff is confused with my order even though i said it verbatim . i had to point to it . that 's when you know the menu is too large and confusing . nothing spectacular . i ordered a speciality drink called the pure passion and i 'm pretty sure it was done incorrectly because speciality drinks are advertised as drinks you can enjoy with a spoon but i got a super tangy , watery concoction . i drank about a third of it and found one piece of fruit . it was just some super sour tea with basil seeds and i think chia seeds ( do not recommend ) . bf got standard tea with grass jelly and basil seeds . said grass jelly tasted off and this guy never complains about anything . seating is pretty comfortable with tv screens and games . would not make a return trip , though . i do n't recommend unless you stick to basic drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally decided to stop in for the first time with my husband . love that they 're open late . they have so much selections , it was hard to decide what we wanted ! i had the thai milk tea with boba and my husband had the taro snow with boba . both were bomb it did n't take long for them to hand us our goods , less than 5 minutes after we paid . staff was super friendly and the place was bright and clean . this place is going on our list of favorites and we 're looking forward to our next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since it 's opened i 've made several trips to this location . the boba is good and i like the atmosphere of the place . it seems fairly clean and it 's a nice place to hang out . the thing that really kills me and my review of this place is the service being so slow . this week several friends and myself ordered 4 bobas . we actually had to go back and look at the receipt after everyone started getting irritated it was taking so long . there 's no reason why 4 bobas should take almost 20 minutes from the time of ordering to our names being called out . it does n't happen at the other location and it should n't happen here . this was n't just a single experience it 's been this way every time i 've visited this location . maybe it 's a staffing issue , maybe it 's not a proper setup but i hope that somebody reads this and figures it out in the near future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the staff and atmosphere are amazing ! ! ! whenever i come in , everyone always treats my daughter and i like family . i used'to go to their first location , but since opening this one , i 've been in here almost everyday because it 's closer for me . you can tell they really care about their customers and product . i 'm a fan of their milk tea and they make some really tasty dishes . my favorite is the shrimp fried rice . this is the best boba spot in the valley hands down ! ( and i 'm from california so i know what good boba should taste like ) . i definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the people who gave 5 stars for this place are either liars , friends , or does n't know what good boba drinks taste like . i have tried several drinks here and they are all utterly disgusting . sweet tea drinks like lychee , for example , tasted bitter and sour with no hint of lychee flavor . the only decent drink here that i tasted so far is the honey green milk tea , not great , not yucky . for the price , i do n't think its worth it . either lower your prices or hire people who can make better drinks please . if you ever stop by california and want good quality boba drinks , visit ten-ren , tea station , au79 . you will taste a complete difference in quality . unfortunately there are only 2 boba places near where i am , urban boba being the other one , which is n't that great either , but much better than here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "boba was less than good . the thing i really did n't like was the rude people behind the counter . i happened to go on a friday night and it was full of high school punks too . this is not a family friendly place . will never be back . you can get better boba at pho avina at 51st and tbird .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this place while on vacation , and could not have been more impressed with the boba drinks . they offer an amazing blended almond milk tea and blended coffee milk tea . bomboba is a fun place to hang out , and the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my boyfriend their drinks are very good : ) and the cups looks uniquely amazing . my boyfriend got the matcha green tea snow and absolutely fell in love with it ! that is his usual whenever he goes in . my personal favorite would be the a peach power smoothies , its very refreshing and filled with dellicious taste . the place gives off an great vibe and is very diverst . this is a good place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this place several times , and every time it 's busy , but that should tell you that their product is great . i love their milk teas and boba , in-fact i ask for extra boba . i have tried milk teas at other places around town and i can say i will always go back to bomboba for my milk teas . their staff is always helpful and friendly , i have yet to have anything bad . if you want good milk teas this place is a must ! love ya bomboba team : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great iced flavored tea drinks are really good , albiet tad sweet . i order my drinks half-sweet . assorted jelly , lychee jellyn and boba are also very good . this is the best and most legit boba place in this part of arizona !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came on a sunday afternoon & this place was packed ! i got their green raspberry tea with assorted jellies & my husband got their horchata milk tea . both were soooo good ! service was a little slow due to how busy they were but i will def be back to try some more drinks . menu was crazy huge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always satisfied here , my husband and i love boba and we get our lychee with fruit boba drink along with taro with boba , so delicious . never tried the food there yet but i 'm sure it 's yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't expect everything in the menu to be available . do n't order the pad thai ! ! they never have anyone to cook it ! or they do n't have noodles ! ! but the boba is good very friendly service . just ca n't sell what they advertise for the most part .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just moving to arizona , i needed to find a good place that sold good boba . i kept searing and searching and i came upon bomboba . i get my usual at every boba place , mango green tea with lychee and mango boba , and it was a little on the sweeter side but it was definitely still good . i need to go back there so i can try the original thai tea boba & milk tea boba and see how they are as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from hawaii , my friends and i were feeling a bit homesick and found this boba place near our school . reading the reviews , i was excited to try their boba drinks . i 'd always get fresh watermelon bubble drinks back in oahu , at thangs ii near dillingham ( ( highly recommended ) ) , and decided for a snow watermelons boba drink . i was very disappointed . it tasted like the powdered honeydew drinks . i was not pleased at all . although their boba seemed to be in good quality . other than that , their service here is great . i felt very welcomed walking in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! i have never had bubble tea before , and i was blown away by how good it is . the service was great . i am totally conning back again and again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best boba place i ever had . some of the place i visit is all icy no flavor . always stop by this place when i go to leelee supermarket", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very chill place and refreshing drinks . awesome youthful ambiance and great music ! nice place to beat the heat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i have been coming to bomboba since before they opened their new location . the other location , 75th ave and cactus , was a bit of a drive for us but now that they are literally like 5 mins away it 's great ! the drinks are always delicious and the staff is friendly and welcoming . they really care for their costumers . this is a great place to relax with friends and family on the weekend or weekdays . some of my favorites are thai tea , halo halo , carmel pudding , and the 3 color desert . enjoy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered an almond taro milk tea , which was pretty good . however , the popcorn chicken is not the typical popcorn i was expecting . and i got a bunch of breaded pieces left :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got my fav honeydew boba here~ you have to make the hard decision of snow vs slush at bomboba and i went with snow since it sounded cooler . ( not to sure of the difference though , more snowy ? ) a big plus of this place imo though is the flavor pearls - an oddity in az but pretty common in cali thumbs up - now make one in tempe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you better know what you want when you get there . drink menu is big with no descriptions of ingredients . i have been a fan of milk tea for some time now . this is the only place i 've been to that when i order a boba milk tea ( how it is on menu ) then i have to pay extra for the boba . quick ordering process if you know what you want . takes for ever to get the drinks in be end . not sure how or why it takes 10-15 minutes on average . in my opinion the music is too loud . my family and i enjoy coming here to sit and play games but the loudness of the music after awhile is deafening . while it is closer than my normal boba shop , we will only stop in occasion . i would rather drive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yo & i is a lot better , cleaner and brighter . reminds me of yogurtland and has yogurt of the same quality for about the same prince methinks . the last few times i went here , the green tea was really disgusting and sour , and they do n't even have outlets so i can do my homework and charge my laptop ? how can a place promote wifi and have a single outlet , which is next to the trash can ? their yogurt is also of poor quality , too . i wish my frequent buyer card had more stamps at yo & i than this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's the bees knees . about 1k flavors and mixes you can choose from service is okay it 's you average high school kid learning experience type of deal . definitely the chill spot for them too . over all its good good late night craving spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after taste-testing many of the restaurants and tea shops for boba tea in phoenix metropolitan area , i can say that bomboba serves the best tasting boba tea . their pad thai is great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always in search of good jasmine milk tea so i was glad to find this place . it 's located close to a great asian supermarket which is a plus . i called in my 1 drink order since i was in a hurry . went to pick it up in about 5 minutes and it was ready for me . great customer service and the tea was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place great service and awesome drinks my personal favorite is the mocha cap . w extra boba never goes wrong and always hit the spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . there 's literally hundreds of different drink and yogurt options , plus food ! i have loved everything i have tried so far . plus the staff are very friendly and get to know u personally . i would definitly recommend this place to anyone . i do n't even bother with starbucks anymore . i drive 20 minutes out of my way on almost a daily basis to get my cake batter frappe . the prices are reasonable as well . i can honestly say that im a boba addict now . lol seriously check them out people . you do n't know what ur missing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be decent . now it 's really gone downhill . the blenders are so loud they sound like jackhammers . i feel bad for the workers who must be losing their hearing . i ordered a simple , plain , green tea with boba . it tasted all wrong . no longer returning . the boba in lee lee 's is more consistent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the boba here . i wish they were nicer to my roommate haha . her drink exploded and they did n't even re do her drink they just gave her a cup . i find it funny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to this place by y friend . i loved the vibe , great options and fast service . i ordered the green smoothie and the sea salt green tea not sweetened . both tasted amazing ! i will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thai milk tea in az . recently had it in hawaii and bombboba still # 1 in my eyes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best boba shop in arizona ! 10 out of 10 ! they have so much to choose from , fresh fruit smoothies , snow , slush , teas & yocream yogurt . people are entitled to their own opinions , and its ok if it 's the wrong one ... for example the user alice who said they are nasty . far from it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this place weekly and it is always great ! ! my children love their frozen yogurt.i always get a boba of some type , and it is always phenomenal..i love their boba.they are always busy so i 'm used to the wait and do n't mind because of the prize at the end , boba ! ! friendly service everytime , clean tables , and love the water misters outside and cold a c inside..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally , a real boba joint . thai iced tea with boba is my default drink . bomboba does it well . i will be back to taste the rest of the menu . i am so excited . i do n't have to go to vegas or cali for my boba .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has answered my prayers . i was randomly wanting boba with my sister and we found this place . they have a young environment and the drinks are sooooooooo creative and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . the staff is friendly and likes to dig down deep to find out what you 'll like the best by encouraging you to try new things . i 've been coming here frequently for the past month and have tried several different drinks i would n't have normally gotten and i 'm glad i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bomboba 's name says it all ! it is the best boba i have ever had and i 've been to many many places in different states . these guys are the real deal ! the owners and staff of bomboba are extremely nice ! they will conversate with you and make you feel at home . i really appreciate business owners who take pride in their product and cleanliness of their establishment such as this place . you need to go to bomboba and try this place , you will be addicted like my girlfriend and i , we love this place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh fruit smoothie . cant beat that . the owner was very personable . the smoothie was very good . bombastic beries is gooood.. we all enjoyed the bobba tea", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are seriously so friendly the girl who helped me out was so sweet ( : i got a pineapple slush with strawberry and mango popping boba and the mixed flavors of the jelly . it was the best boba drink i have ever had ! ! ! ! i love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally found a boba place i actually like in arizona ! first time trying this place today . got the thai iced tea with boba , mango slushy , and lychee black tea with boba . the boba was on point . the slushy tasted just like what you 'd expect a ripe mango to taste like . and the teas were perfectly sweetened . my mission now is to try every drink on their menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cute spot next tot leelees and panda express . you can get a drink for around $ 4.00 , pricey but worth it ! delicious flavors , the customer service is as good as it gets considering many of the cashiers are young . i highly recommend bomboba !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's my place to go when i need to get away , all the employees put a smile on my face . : d and i love when laura makes me springrolls . haha . i love bomboba !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in at about 5:30 on a monday . i ordered coconut , they were out . so i ordered vanilla bean ... and they were out . i then ordered taro , and guess what , out . we left and went over to the little shop inside lee lee market who had any and all of those .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "darn the crunchy chow mein will change your life ! ! it 's that good ! like i said before in my last deleted comment , this place is great and the employees are super nice . this is truly a hidden gem in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my best friend would come here like every week . this place is awesome . i personally love the green tea matcha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff ! did n't take long for drinks to come out . my drink was actually sweeter than how i prefer so i asked if they could do something to it , they did it without question and were so nice about it . someone even came by our table to check if my drink is better now . it was : ) first time here , definitely wo n't be my last !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible staff and service . if i was the owner i 'd put them in extensive training on how to treat customers or fire them . they think it 's all cool not giving a crap but they want to get paid . it 's not our fault if you do n't like working in a boba place . seriously this place needs a reality check . it 's gon na shut down if no one wants to come back . seriously you have workers sleeping , not answering phones , and chilling in the back like they ca n't hear me come in . if you want good boba and service go to bubble cups . it 's a new owner but still way better than this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally there is a boba place by our place ! super friendly staff and it 's a cute little place too . this is a good place to go and just hang out and have a relaxing night with friends . it 's also for families as well , you can just hang out and place games and relax . love it ! there is so many different drinks , juices , and smoothies to choose from . best place in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place with great people . a community group called streetpass arizona had a event there where we played handheld games all day together . and never once did an employee bat a bad eye or ask us to stop what we were doing . the food was good and i ordered two special drinks , on the second drink a employee recommended a drink to me and it was super delicious . this says the the employees are involved with their work and happy to assist tastes and other preferences . so again , it 's a way cool atmosphere and a way cool experience . i highly recommend a visit . you wo n't be disappointed by their drinks or service . though keep in mind the food is mostly appetizer stuff and they specialize in drinks rather than food . however my popcorn chicken was plenty and the house sauce they gave was killer ! mmmmmm boba tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best drinks ! great food ! the staff is super friendly . a huge variety of drinks to choose from , it never disappoints ! i brings friends family and everybody loves it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks . well worth the wait . and drive across town for it . thai milk tea and boba milk tea our fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bomboba is the best place for thai tea , jackfruit , and honeydew drinks ! their boba is always fresh and perfectly chewy ! i love this place . yes , they take a bit longer to make the drinks because they are always busy . does n't that speak volumes as to the quality ? ! busy means everyone loves it . it 's worth the wait to me . and the food is fabulous too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their sugarcane juice and king kong pandan ! def will come back ! : ) ) great job bomboba .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my lil sis took me to this boba place when i visited her in az . at first , i did n't think their drink or food would taste good compared to my hometown in ca . but i was wrong until i tried their popcorn chicken and fried calamari , it was surprisingly good that i have to come back for more the next couple days . their chicken and calamari has a little moist and crunchy on the outside , i love it . for the drink , if you like durian , then i would recommend the fresh real fruit durian smoothie , that is my favorite . or else you can try the green milk tea , it was really good . best of all is the service , the staffs are really friendly , they would recommend you what is good and go out of their way to help you ! hard to find these service in ca ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the bom ( boba ) ! it 's in west phoenix but it 's closer than me going to the east side to get my boba fix . the only time i actually go here is when i 'm grocery shopping at lee lee 's next door . service at this place has always been very friendly . i ordered the volcano with boba - it was a bit too sweet for me . so i always stick with my usual taro slush with boba . so good - the best i 've had anywhere in this state . they also have the buy 5 cards so utilize those if you are going to become a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good milk tea and the popcorn chicken was good too ! i wish i would have tried it spicy tho . the only reason i did n't give 5 stars was that it came out pretty slow for a milk tea shop . in cali they are usually pretty fast", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the name threw me off for soooooooooo long , but finally gave in and tried it ... and now i 'll compare it to some of the better places in arizona . tea infusion and sreets in tempe mesa area still holds true to me , and for the price are better , but watch out ... bomboba is slowly getting there ! the ideas behind some of the beverages are very clever , and tasty ! a lot of time and preparation goes into each and every beverage , and you can tell , sometimes taking a bit longer than neccesary ! the boba was a tad bit soggy the only time i 've had it , but being it 's made frequently i ca n't say anything negative about only one time , i will be trying it again . prices are n't too bad at all , and location is convenient plus they 're open late ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my first time at bomboba and after this experience i will be a frequent customer . they have a wide selections of drinks from milk teas to smoothies . they even have frozen yogurts and food . the boba was soft and chewy . you can tell it is fresh . the customer service was also phenomenal . she spent a lot of time going over the different drink options . very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is literally legit they have the best costumer service ! and the boba is bomb", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks but service is painfully slow . the extremely loud music makes it difficult to chat with friends .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was pretty good . it was their first week , so i think they were ironing out some kinks . i will try to g0 back and will post an updated review . the boba was tasty and the drink was good . i liked how clean and neat the restaurant . it had a fun vibe to it . i had never been to a boba place and tried to find out what to order and how to order . the girl was not super knowledgeable and did n't really help much . so that was a little disappointing . the place was also expensive for boba . because of the price , i probably wo n't be going to often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for the first time to mend a milk tea craving . pretty large menu with a lot of offerings . they have food too , but we did n't get any of it , just drinks . i got a large taro milk tea with their custard pudding . the milk tea was good , not too sweet , had a nice and creamy consistency , and tasted like how i 'd expect it to . the custard pudding was alright . it had more a vanilla caramel flavor to it , instead of just being a neutral taste . our drinks had a little bit of a wait , looked like only 1 or 2 people were actually making the drinks . the interior was spacious with limited tables . it was fairly clean when we were there . overall , pretty good drinks . would definitely come back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ( : good people , good vibe , good drinks . workers are really nice , i 've been there so many times the drinks are really good . they always come out with new stuff , very funny and friendly people , lots of creative drinks . good place to hang out with friends and have a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the absolute best place for a boba drink in the valley . if you are n't sure whether to go here or not , you need to come at least once and you will be hooked . i love this place . the staff is incredibly friendly and the boba is 100 % delicious . i always get a mocha with chocolate and boba and i am never disappointed . the coffee is superior . i 'll never want to go to starbucks again . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for boba tea ! ! any time we are on this side of town , we must go to bomboba ! ! maybe it 's best you are n't so close to scottsdale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh , i ca n't find good boba anywhere in phoenix . you would think in city of 4.5 million people , someone at least one person could make boba right , but i have n't found it yet . sadly this place is the best i could find so far . their base flavors like original , taro , and jasmine are n't bad , but anything beyond that is n't great . they use too much sugar and ice , i mean i guess i could dilute it but there is n't much to dilute cause of excess ice . overall , you are n't missing much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first visit and they were completely out of green tea.. how is a tea shop out of tea . my husband ordered a different drink and said it was good . going to go back and give it another try . staff seemed friendly at least .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bomboba the place to be not only on a weekend but any day of the week ! their great and friendly service has us always coming back . keep up the great job devon and george we will see u next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge menu selection , delicious drinks . service is mediocre , they forgot about my order after 20 minutes ! they did give me a voucher for a free drink , so i guess we 're cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here to try something new and i was not pleased . the macaroons there not that great ether when we walked in the place smelled like rotten eggs . the stuff we got was not worth what we paid for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great place to enjoy smoothies . they mix the flavors so well with the fruits it 's amazing . all smoothie fanatics who live in phoenix knows that the place to go to is bombobas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely warm in the store during the day . little girl manager has no respect , very immature person . and also took 25 minutes to get my drink . horrible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best boba tea ever ! ! i love it here . everyone has been so sweet and friendly : ) i would go there everyday if i could !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place again and see the same people coming in everyday . some ahead getting free boba drinks and half priced just because their friends work there . think thats pretty unfair that just because you have connections there you get free drinks everyday . wheres the rest of our paying loyal customers free half off drinks ? why dont you just give everyone a free drink or two dollar drink everyday . this is upsetting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food and drinks here are to die for . i love that they offer games and play cool music so that it 's the perfect place to hang out . the drinks are more reasonably priced than a starbucks coffee and they 're huge so it 's easy to share -- but you probably wo n't want to . the menu board can be a bit overwhelming because of how many options that they have available but the staff is willing to help answer any questions making it a worthwhile place to check out multiple times and try out all of their different flavors", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a meet up with some friends and was recommended to try this place . great food and absolutely fantastic prices . fit all of us easily and very comfortable atmosphere . tried a smoothie and popcorn chicken , then because we were there so long had a tea and calamari . both of the meals were delicious and ca n't wait to have another visit soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped into bomb boba after work today . to pick up a thai tea for me and a little something for my daughter . i 've only been here once before but i like the energetic vibe . next time i 'll bring my little one with me she 'll love it . btw this is the only place i know around here that has thai tea and i love me some thai tea ... and there 's is really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible unfriendly service . order 2 drinks and waited for 20 mins . seriously they need to hire more people or train their employee to be more efficient . they price is even pricer than new york .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really love getting boba drinks here and most of the workers are friendly and smile but the place is n't very clean . the tables are usually dirty and have sticky rings on them and the floor does n't look like it gets swept . the last time i went in , there were a few flies around and i had to keep moving cause they were bothering me . i would n't stay and hang out inside after getting my drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "papaya milk tea with boba . too much powder . nice flat screen tv though . the quality of tea is highly dependent on who is working that day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing and great price to for just about anything you want my fiance and i live 8 northern scottsdale and she is pregnant but anyways that is the only one in town and it took us 35 minutes to get there but was totally worth it like it is every time we will always be loyal customers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered chai milk tea but instead they gave me thai , i specifically asked afterwards if this was thai and the lady said it was chai , obviously they do n't know the differences in their drinks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bomboba has delicious boba tea and the food is awesome ! i love the pineapple mango tea and the pad zu . give it chance and you 'll love it too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best boba in arizona . this is not saying much considering boba is barely getting big in az , but this is quality boba . i 've had great boba all throughout california and bomboba is up to par . im a regular customer and they already know my order which sometimes includes up to 5 drinks . i wish they had like a loyalty card for those customers that spend so much like i do . i know they have the punch card but they need something else . glad they opened new place in tolleson because it is so much closer to my house . if you 're new to boba , get either the thai tea with boba , milk tea with boba , or taro with boba . if you want to experiment a little get the honey lemon green tea with boba and lychee jelly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good snow the actual boba does n't have flavor at all , , really bad service ... took them 10min to even notice i was there", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok service . out of the 4 boba drinks , 2 were correct and the drinks were powdered flavor not fresh . it took about 20mins for them to complete the order . they do n't deserve 1 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great combonations if drinks and smoothies . however its not as clean as the other locations . the staff is n't ass friendly either . but it will have yo do on our side of town", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love their drinks and appetizers ! i always see ppl playing games like jenga in here and it 's definitely a fun place and we will be back soon", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first review ! they rock and their drinks rock . if you want good boba come here . they aim to please here ! best boba on the west side of phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love how there is a boba place out in the west side finally ! its good but pricey if you compare it to the east side . customer service is okay and really slow . be prepared to wait about 10-15 mins for a drink.. sometimes it 's not even worth the wait . the street will always be my favorite boba place in arizona !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has the best pad thai you will every try in your life . i go here about once a week to get at least a boba drink", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's definitely my weekend spot when i have free time . the workers are nice , including the owner . they know my name , as well as my friends that come with me . their drinks are amazing , and i always come back wanting more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dislike that their drinks are never consistent . i would order the same thing over and over again , but it 's different every time . or when i requested something out , they would forget . they do help us in correcting the order and give us another drink , which is cool and all , but they take quite a bit to do a couple of drinks . i understand that they can be busy , but one time , there were literally 5 people in the place and it took 30 minutes just to get the drinks . everyone else only had 2 or 3 . i really like this place because their boba is on point , but sometimes i just do n't want to go because of all the mistakes . the best thing about this place is customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "drinks have always been delicious , however the wait for the drinks are sometimes ridiculous . if they can speed up the turnaround time i would give this a 4-4.5 because there just is n't too many boba places in the west side , especially ones that are open late .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the different drinks and boba are great , the games and atmosphere are nice for the teenagers that hang out here , but the place is filthy . floors , walls , furniture , all disgusting . it 's very obvious unfortunately .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super nice staff this is our first time he was very helpful . i got the honeydew snow with popping pearls . awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boba tea is hard to find on the west side . i found a place on 35th ave and the service was horrible , but still went until i decided to look for somewhere else that appreciated my business . so i found this place and instantly was a regular ! ! love it ! ! ! ! i make about 3-4 stops a week for the strawberry shaved boba shake with extra tapioca ... i would totally recommend this place for newbies to the boba tea , it will definately make you a fan ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from nor cal there 's a lot of boba joints and this boba place is so far . i love it though . definitely worth the drive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm happy to have more boba options on this side of town ! i ordered the ice blended taro boba and it was just what i needed . i know i 'll be coming back , especially when it gets hotter outside with the summer coming up ! i 'll be interested to see how some of their other flavors taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff was really friendly . music and comfy seating . drinks were just ok . i had the thai tea with boba and cream .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've tried many boba places in the state of arizona , and this place just was n't as great as i had wanted it to be . for starters , it 's a bit pricey and the large size for a boba drink was the practically the same size as other places but more expensive ! the service was also a bit slow , there were customers who has ordered after me but still received their drink before me ! the location however was nice , and the store itself was new , the drink was alright , but the service and the price greatly impacted my rating . therefore 3 5 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff are friendly , love the drinks ! ! ! my favorite place for boba , prices is reasonable n very close to my house ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the new venue . very chic and comfortable design . seems to be popular among the hip teen crowd , so that 's a bit of a push back as a 20-something . ca n't say i enjoyed my drink , but that was my poor choice of flavor combinations . not at all a fault of the staff or establishment . every drink i had in the peoria location was delicious , so i expect these are too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited bomboba for the first time today and got 3 medium drinks and 1 large ( $ 21 . ) there were tons of boba in each drink and i really enjoyed my thai tea with boba , but i agree with many of the other reviews , the place is very dingy and needs better upkeep . a fresh coat of paint inside , sweep and fix up a few things and i would come back and have a meal inside instead of taking drinks to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great flavors of frozen yogurt , at least 30+ menu items made with all natural product . internet is crazy fast . 5 devices at least next to me and i still had lightening fast speed . i had coconut frozen yogurt with strawberry boba as a topping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aside from the rude customer service almost always , and the awful music , the boba itself is amazing . i go here way too much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome as always ! ! ! ! except on the map it is the wrong address . i think the correct address is . 9897 w mcdowell rd unit 220 tolleson , az 85353-1621 united states", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty cool . they have 70 '' led tvs on opposite walls . a cool place to hang out and socialize . nice colors in the interior and it 's clean -- the bathroom , too . cute asian girls making boba is always a plus . mexican girls too . and a mexican guy at the cash register -- do n't know why ... .jk . anyway the boba is ok ... .powdery..too sweet ... well i guess all boba drinks are made from powder . i wish they have fresh durian or something . but its tastes ok to me..if i 'm in the area , but wont drive from phoenix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few times and have tried several flavors of boba with the family . enjoyed all the flavors thus far and of course ... love the boba ! i have yet to try the food but we pretty much come here for the boba . large selection of flavors to choose from and you could actually stand in front of the menu up on the wall for awhile trying to decide . the manager was cool and gave us samples of other flavors to try while we enjoyed our purchase . good atmosphere , store is clean , and staff are helpful . if you love boba , this is the place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an immense list of flavor options , friendly staff . music was a little loud to the point i had to strain to hear the guy taking our order at the counter . but i 'm older .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried their lavender milk tea with mini boba and it was great . all their milk teas are nondairy so everyone can enjoy it . the guava milk tea is yummy also ! ! fun atmosphere with games to play as you enjoy your drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously this place needs to hire more people , or train their employees to move quicker . order 2 drinks and had to wait for 30 mins . they need to learn a new way to run this shop", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the drinks themselves are okay , but the boba is really bland and not a good consistency . it will satisfy a craving , but there 's definitely better boba around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered a taro boba and plain iced tea . pretty good ! boba was fresh . decent service . nicely decorated . they even have froyo . no baby changing station though . yes , that is important to some parts of the population . i 'd come back again to try other flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friends and i had different kinds of milk teas and after trying everyone 's tea , they were all really good . so , the only negative thing that i have to say was that it was rather loud with the music going , but it worked for the clientele and atmosphere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a boba milk tea , mocha cappuccino milk tea , mocha espresso , popcorn chicken ( mild ) , and fried calamari ( spicy ) . the boba milk tea had a mocha taste to it that i was n't a big fan of , but the other drinks were good and were made quick . the service was great and the cashier was very helpful in helping me decide what to order . however , the food was definitely not worth the wait or price . it comes in a box that is much less than half filled with a container of sweet & sour chili sauce . the food is more breaded than anything -- i could hardly taste the chicken calamari . the sauce also does not pair well with the food . the best thing to order here is milk tea .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the better boba shops in az , but the service is extremely extremely slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have tried many other boba places and nothing else compares . you can taste the quality in every sip ! i travel about 30 minutes out of my way just to get bomboba , its that good ! ca n't wait till they open the one on 99th and mcdowell !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best boba on the west side of town . of course it is nothing compared to california or las vegas , but it will do for now . i like that it actually opens late ! everything seems to close pretty early on the west side of town . bad thing is that the quality of boba went down alot . it use to be better when it first opened , but now my milk teas are usually watered down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "recently went back to get boba milk tea and have to give it a like ! i love the chewy boba and the friendly staff : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of choices , friendly staff , however they no longer do frozen yogurt which is why we stopped in . music is very loud , which is n't good or bad , just letting people know . probably not a place to come grab desert and have a conversation . if they update their business listing to not include frozen yogurt then i 'd give it 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude service ! my large boba drink was n't properly closed so it was leaking all over my car . never again . i hate this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kind service but the store floor could use a little mopping during my visit . boba was great that 's what i came for . i met old friends here from many years ago . is this the new hang out spot ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this boba spot . the ambience is great and the people behind the counter are awesome . as huge boba fan , i still get indecisive when it comes to ordering that perfect flavor . they see it in my eyes and are more then willing to help a guy out . huge selection to choose from of course and that also includes the perfect selection of solid food to munch on . not that big of a coffee fan to hangout at starbucks to read , but can see myself chilling hear for a read or getting work done . cant lie , i was pretty excited they had a punch card ... i will definitely be getting my share of free boba . cant stress how awesome they do that . happy to of found this place for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is great for boba tea . food is not the best . ambience is great . service is great . just wish it opened earlier ( 10:30 ) but what are ya gon na do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to be exact , i would rate this 2.5 star . i was there around 6pm monday , quite a few people waiting for their drinks . wait time is long , about 20 minutes for a drink . the blenders are pretty noisy even with special cover . i ordered taro milk tea with boba , it looks and taste more like a smoothie instead of milk tea , its consistency is thick . it was also too sweet but i guess some people may like it . the boba taste ok , a little chewy and sweet . want to try their fried rice and noodles next time , so will give it a second try if i 'm around the corner , but will ask for less sugar for the drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent boba and milk tea . the almond milk tea had a good sweetness . some places add too much sugar , so that was appreciated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love bomboba ! it has such a variety of drinks that range from sweet to sour ! they have a lot of different things that everyone would like ! my personal favorite is the honey milk tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be the best place ever ! i went in today and the place is filthy . the walls , floor , counter , cabinets behind the sale counter . i sure hope they clean it up ... a few years ago this place was phenomenal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hands down the best boba spot in the valley when it comes to quality and service . they have a wide selection of drinks that is definitely not healthy for your lack of decisiveness . the owners & staff members are super friendly and have created a great vibe to the shop . they are always so accommodating when it comes to making your drink and will go the extra mile to make sure you enjoy it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why a 3 stars ? because they play the music too loud and it 's dirty ( the walls the floor ) . there boba drinks are excellent . our favorite is the `` mangonada '' ! ! ! yumm relatively friendly staff . i would not recommend getting anything on the appetizer menu fried : potstickers , popcorn chicken , etc . now their house fried rice is awesome , when it 's available ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i see everyone complain about the service , but i was in and out in less than 5 minutes with 5 drinks in front of me . i got the classic boba tea , but just about died in the amount of sugar they put in there . no lie , my teeth still hurt . i did n't taste the tea flavor at all , just straight cane sugar . when i got home , i dumped out a little more than half the drink and then filled it with milk . it still did n't taste like tea , but it was better than pure sugar . i will try it again with only 25 % of the sugar this time and see how it tastes . i really love boba and have n't had it in years ( other than my trip to paris ) so i 'm hoping this works and i 'm able to frequent this place more often : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! i am so happy they 're so close to my house . then again , i 'd probably drive out of the way to come here anyway . the boba always tastes fresh . i 've had a lot of boba before bomboba , there 's been horribly disgusting boba and ehh alright boba . this place has yet to disappoint me . keep it up guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm head over heels for bomboba ! my family went here a couple days before they officially opened and they allowed us to order ! now they no my mom and dads name ! super friendly staff ( most of the time ) , clean interior , drinks are amazing ! my fav . is probably the green target and the avocado shock was n't my favorite . the volcano slushi was so good ! ah love this place ! their froyo is n't great but it is n't bad either , definitely recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "need to teach your employees to seal the cups right ! stupid ass made a mess all over in my truck ! lucky you did n't get your shit drink splattered in your window ! ca n't believe i waited 20 minutes for a leaky fucking drink !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of my fav chill spot , they have so much to choose from and always coming up with new stuff . employees are always friendly and they have an awesome rewards program as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live so far from bomboba , but i try to make it out there when i visit family that live near . wish they opened one near central phoenix . awesome boba !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love bomboba ! green apple green tea or actually any of the green teas and popping bobba are magical . not to expensive at 4.50 for a large ! my babies love to sit , drink and play games . go there once a week and love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here in the past and it was actually my first boba experience . i think they have a lot of flavors and choices but the place looks like it needs a face lift . very dirty outside . inside it was dirty as well but in a different way . they need to update the chipped paint and clean the tables more often . also looked like the floors had n't been cleaned . all and all .. i was disappointed , the place was not what i remembered a few years back . also the taro was too sweet . i will continue to go where i normally go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their almond milk tea is so good . i 've gone back three times for it in the last week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so great ! customer service is great ! and their boba taste soooo good ! they will make anything and everything for you ! we drive all the way from central phoenix . most defiantly worth the drive ! well be coming here much more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good bubble tea , i would recommend the blueberry milk tea and thai milk tea . they offer board and card games which is a nice add on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the high marks for this place . i ordered a jasmine milk tea with boba . let 's start with the good : the boba , nice and chewy . the bad : my milk tea tasted like watered down milk with a slight hint of jasmine . they put all their drinks in the blender , so that you 'll get 3 4 of the cup with your drink and 1 4 with foam , i.e . except less . never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in here many many time but this time was really bad . i had a free drink but a white girl still cost me almost $ 4 extra when i got pandan milk tea with coffee jelly . i dont think she got me right , drink taste really bad , sweet like only sugar : ( .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sooooo ... ... boba smoothies ... ..yea ... .weird ! this is my first time trying these slimy little boba balls and i have to say , i do n't get it ! ? on the plus side , at least they do n't have much flavor to them they 're just chewy little gummy balls . i will say though , the actual smoothie was amazing ! ! ! i had the orange rocket smoothie with boba and i was fighting my way around those little balls to enjoy the smoothie . it was so good . i will definitely go back for just a smoothie . it was the bomb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome drinks with good price . this place is one of my favorite places to hang out with my friends . worth trying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm glad i finally found a place that can fix my craving for boba without having to drive to cali to get it ! it is definitely comparable and i just love their lychee-flavored snow with boba ! my favorite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here 5 times with 2 other people and so far so good . i have had the vietnamese coffee which was fantastic . also have tried thai tea and it was great . tried the chai tea and it was ok . i 'm picky about chai tea . it 's either too spicy or too sweet . this was too sweet for me . my companions have tried the smoothies and sugary coffee blended coffee drinks and loved them . i am going to try one of the slushes next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service and variety are great . i tried a raspberry boba drink for the first time and enjoyed it , but i was n't blown away . i would like to see a bigger variety . it 's good , but could be better . especially of the actually teas . will definitely return though to try some more flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boba was ok ! i got a bunch of boba that were kinda stale and real sticky when i went to chew on them ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place would do if i was in the mood for a milk tea and did n't want to drive more than 30 minutes away . it 's halfway decent , but not as good as the more asian-y boba places in the area around mesa . also , the prices are slightly higher here . i ordered the ginger milk tea with less sugar and it had sufficient tea flavor . it was definitely sweet enough , so i would imagine it would probably be over sweetened if i had gone with the normal sweetness . it seems like it 'd be a cool place to sit and chill if you were in the younger crowd . one thing i did n't like was the clientele that was hanging around when i was there . there was a group of rice boys with their rice rockets revving up their engine at 11 pm . pretty annoying , i have to say .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know if i have bad luck or what but this company always : a : takes too long to make drinks . b : messes up orders . or c : has even forget the order and left us waiting for like 15 minutes ! ! ! `` lost your ticket , sorry '' boba is pretty good for what it is but the staff needs better training and management . very disappointed . blended drinks does n't have to be too hard ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i want there a few days ago , and i loved it . never have i been to a place where they treat you so nice , the employee are always smiling and making sure you get exactly wat you want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay first , i am also from socal and yes the taro boba in socal is excellent ( well most of the time anyways ) . the taro boba at bomb boba is great , not the best but hey for a shop that just opened they are good . i really miss the loli-cup that was in avondale though , they were owned and operated by people from california whom knew what they were doing ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum ! the staff is super friendly & helpful , which makes the fantastic products even better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good . i do n't like the coffee drinks they are n't very good . but i do like the fruit smoothies . those are bomb . my wife loves this place though she usually gets the milk tea every time we go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice location and easy to get to . many different choices of smoothies and teas . fair price overall . however the bobas are not fresh . seems like they use the left overs from the previous day . disgusting ! ! ! start using fresh boba and it will make a huge difference in your drink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came in here early afternoon on a saturday , and were the only customers . i 've been looking for bubble tea since leaving taiwan almost ten years ago . unfortunately , all of the small communities i 've lived prior to moving to the phoenix area do not offer anything like it , so it was one of our first goals when we arrived . we got one milk tea , a smoothie , & some yogurt . the guy assisting us was friendly and happy to answer our questions and explain their extensive menu . all of our choices were quite good and well made . i was happy to finally have my fix ... and it was nice to experience such good customer service . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and a ton of choices ! very friendly workers owners who were extremely helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it all started with a simple road trip to arizona from california . having been driving for days through the desert without a single oasis in sight my family and i had enough ! we wanted something sweet and we wanted it now , and upon looking towards the horizon for hope , we stumbled upon this sweet spot . after dramatically opening the doors we order our drinks demanding it to be served extra hard on the rocks ( there 's no rocks in boba ) . after quickly gulping down our drinks , we were presented with a powdery taste in our mouth , which usually results from not enough love being mixed in . it might have been the 100+ years of experience talking , but i have to admit that this place could do some improvements . overall there are hidden potentials here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice ambiance to relax with kids n drink some tea..the thai milk tea is bomba ! i recommend it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything drinkwise is great from this place . obviously they are a hit because no matter when you visit there is a line to the door . great prices . the problem is the 45 minute wait to get a smoothie . honestly pretty ridiculous . visited roughly 10 times and never waited less than a half hour . i would visit far more often if the wait time was less . they need to purchase more mixers or hire more people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a really fun and cool place to go . the only thing that i would say is bad about is that it takes way to long to prepare a drink . myfirst time there was when i was on my way to school and since i was curious on what this place is . i stopped in kind of i a hurry thinking i could just walk in and out with my drink . it took like 5-10 minutes to prepare 1 drink . i finaly got my drink and ended up late to class . but the smoothies are spectacular and i will go there again , leaving my house earlier to actually enjoy my experience there . one day i 'll bring my boyfriend here for a date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has the best customer service that i have come across . i always feel like more than just a customer when i go . their drinks are amazing as well as their pad thai . the owners always take the time to acknowledge me and talk to even on their busiest days . in general this place has the best service , drinks , atmosphere and employees . highly recommended it to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in tonight ! amazing . so many bases and boba and popping pearl choices ! i only gave them 4 stars because i think when you walk in they should ask if you have been in before and if not they should offer to explain how it works there , the choices can be overwhelming and confusing so some help would have been appreciated ! the inside is a little rough , needs a makeover and some cleaning and upkeep , but the products they serve are excellent ! worth trying ! also i agree with another users comments here , they should put more boba in their drinks for the price i also ran out half way through . slightly pricy , but a great product . ( peoria location )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to try their other catcus location since it was near lee lee market but was disappointed ! first the shop smells bad and smoky . the customer service is not great and the employee do n't seem to care . lastly , the wait was ridiculous when it 's not that many people . last time going to this location !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place , i always get fast service , excellent tasting drinks , and good vibes ! the management even take the time to know me by name now ! make sure you start a punch card so you can earn free drinks ! i just wish that they would get taro flavored frozen yogurt ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we go for the boba milk teas and almost always order the same drinks . boba is always cooked perfectly , and drinks are pretty consistently good . some other places i 've tried around the valley do n't have consistently good boba pearls ( can be mushy , crumbly , and soft if not cooked well or not fresh ) or have drinks that are too sweet or powdery tasting . i do note that bomboba drinks sometimes seem to have too much ice and make you feel like there should be more liquid . i 'd still call it one of the top 2 options for boba on the west side . we 're fans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not saying the drinks are bad , but the ratio of drink to ice is ridiculous . would you like some tea with your ice ? is what thinking in my head when i first got to drink there . they did n't taste bad what so ever , i 'd just like more for what i pay for . i just think people who give them a 5 star just do n't know any better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a friend told me to check this place out as a late night hang out . uhhhh service sucked . i 'll just stick with getting my bobas elsewhere . on top of that , i would veer away from the fro yo ! we got some calamari that were pretty tasty though ! there was n't really anywhere to hang so i would n't say that this is an ideal place to bring a large group . the place is kind of small .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't typically leave reviews , but bomboba made me want to create a yelp account just for that . i do n't think i 've ever dined in a place with a more upbeat atmosphere than that at bomboba . plus , the employees are always awesome and super friendly . : d as far as food and drinks go , i have yet to try anything there that i did n't like . and they offer a large variety of options . i personally love the fried rice there ( which is a dish i 'm usually indifferent to ) , and the honeydew milk tea , almond milk tea and peanut butter milk tea . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! best boba in az ! ! ! i had high expectations and they 've met them all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely not the best boba in the area . ordered a taro milk tea with boba . they are supposed to chill the boba before adding them to cold drinks but the boba was hot which made my tea lukewarm . it was better after i had it in the fridge for a few hours . my husband ordered a strawberry smoothie and it did n't taste like strawberries at all , more like raspberries or blackberries . the service was fine but i would go somewhere else next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the boba is pretty good , but service is suuuuuper slow as many others have said . the employees do n't seem to care at all either , absolutely no hustle . and their food handling skills , not exactly top notch . i 've worked in food service before and i noticed a couple things that would cause them to fail a healthy inspection . it 's not worth the wait or the price . you 're better off going to pholicious across the street and ordering boba there . it 's just as good but cheaper , friendlier staff , and you can have good food too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! ! i will definitely be coming here more often . the service was great and it is by far the best boba i have ever had ! i did n't even know about the popping pearls until i came here . if you have never tried this place you definitely need to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty neat , but it did n't blow my mind or anything . i honestly would rather get frozen yogurt in a cup . they got my order correct but my friend who took me got hers in the wrong size and they did n't add the flavor she wanted to her drink . thought it may have been the staff for the night , dressed like a bunch of youths . the place does seem to have a vibe for younger people too . i 'd just rather go to a frozen yogurt shop ( :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually love this place and have no issues . today i bought a taro boba and have become extremely nauseous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since when did a sweetened jasmine tea with boba ever take over 15 minutes to make ? people who came after me got their drinks first ( including a woman who came in by herself and ordered 5 drinks togo ) . when i finally got my drink , it tasted like straight up tap water . blegh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here and i ordered the taro float . it was absolutely beautiful and tasted like heaven with its cute purple color and purple ice cream . will definitely be coming back here ! too bad i did n't take a picture ! will take one next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to come here often when they first opened but now it 's kinda smelly and dirty and the drinks are always inconsistent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was horrible ! i had to wait over 10mins for my drink and when i asked about it no one knew that happened . obviously there were n't any communications between the employees . and the guy that took my order looked high af . they 're also inconsistent with their drinks ! i ordered a peach green tea , which usually comes with peach bits in them , but it 's only occasionally . i guess whenever they feel like it ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! my sister moved right around the corner from them and we decided to check it out . the vibe is really fun ... they play club music and have about a million different drink choices ! definitely not your spot if youre looking for a quite place to do homework . but if you are looking for some bomb boba ( see what i did there ... ) then you have to check this place out . get the snickers boba ... it 's delic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time there and the cashier was real nice and i got a medium drink that was simply delicious will surely go again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really wanted to like this place but the people here were so rude . were new to boba and werent quite sure what we were ordering . after we had ordered what we thought was what we wanted , we realized before we got our drinks that we ordered the wrong thing . after showing the cashier a picture of what we were hoping to get and being re assured thats what we had ordered , we received something totally different and when we asked if we could re order what we should have ordered the first time , they refused and refused a refund . will never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very busy ! great prices and so many options . the best boba around ! ! will customise for you and a great tea selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pad thai ! and possibly the first taro milk tea that does n't taste artificial !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place my favorite drink is the matcha green tea snow and the horchata snow . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great variety of boba here . only issue is the wait time to get your drink , and being stuck behind customers who do n't know what they want when they get to the cashier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! so far i 've only tried the milk tea and thai tea . and they make it very well . not a big fan of the boba . also tried their squid nuggets , fyi : these are not appetizer fried squid balls like the ones at boba tea house , these are actually a stir fry with squid balls , mushrooms , and bell peppers . they need rice to go with it . i still need to try their honeydew and avocado snow ! if they do those right , then this place is perfect ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all ... . we went here to celebrate my nephew 's 12th birthday . secondly , the bowling alley arcade and laser tag were all a major hit ... . lots of fun . we decided to have lunch here ... and i decided to have the cobb salad ; the kids had pizza ( which they all said `` tasted funny '' ) . three-hours later ... the worst food poisoning i 've ever experienced ensued ! ! ! ! and it lasted 48-hours ! ! ! the most painful 20-lbs i 've ever lost . i left several messages for the manager to call me back - but to no avail . i 'm never-ever ... ever returning to this bacteria-infested septic tank .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my kids and nieces here awhile back . it 's like the are trying to bring a little bit of scottsdale to surprise . upscale designer food with upscale designer prices . not good for kids , over priced . in a bowling alley you need options for kids - families . this is n't it . there should be something for them . the alley is big enough to have a mom and pop diner among the mix . good for dates , couples , over 21 people . good for those who want to spend $ 20 on a caesar salad and soda . which the salad sucked . my bill was over $ 90 ( not incl tip ) for 3 adults and 3 kids , for lunch !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there on saturday afternoon to have a few beers and something to eat . i ordered wings but i wanted them to be all drumsticks , no flaps ( yeah i know..flats ... whatever ) . the bartender declined and said they do not allow wings to be served only drums or flaps . first red flag . we decided to get the artichoke hearts instead . when they came out , i realized they are nothing more than the artichoke hearts you buy in a jar ( in oil ) and fried . the temperature was lukewarm but the pita bread that comes with the hearts were really good . we ate those , left the hearts , briefly looked around for a manager to no avail , paid the bill and went to another restaurant where i ordered wings the way i wanted them . i would advise you avoid this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really disappointing . the sliders were grey . the sweet potato fries must of been the bottom of the bag . all broken stubs . over fried . and really a small portion . i laughed when the food was put down , it looked so bad . i have 2 stars cause my husband was so hungry he said it tasted ok", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a nice place to get together with friends for food and drinks in the surprise area . the staff is friendly , the food is upper quality bar fare , and there is an abundance of screens if you want to watch sports . do n't expect a quiet place , though , as this opens into the bowling alley and the kids ' arcade . but if you do want a more quiet atmosphere , go to the al fresco dining area outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adding a little class to a alley . let 's be real , nobody likes alley ball food . it 's mostly chemical preservatives and gov'ment cheese microwaved within an inch of its life . but then there is red embers . better then i expected , given the relative low reviews . though i could t really articulate what i anticipated -- a bowling pin cut vertically and steamed to be served like artichoke hearts , a bowling ball burger made with real bowling ball , alley shoes mixed in to the nachos sprinkled with foot powder ... my imagination runs scared at the thought . but nah , we were pleasantly surprised with the service & food . so much better then alley-ball food . that 's why i 'm giving this places a thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a few times , have no problem ! we have had their pizza , burgers , nachos , and my favorite ! coconut shrimp ! yes , this is a little pricier ! yes , surprise is trying to be the west valley scottsdale ! nothing wrong with that ! it 's going to take trial by error to make things better ! some of their food needs to improve , but with the choices at that area ! red embers is a must try choice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the new menu is darn good . the food is good although the kitchen definitely needs a major improvement . we waited 40 minutes for dinner and that is simply unacceptable . the managers do n't seem to have a grasp of their restaurant and kitchen . the juicy lucy is really good . hear flavor , big burger at a fair price . everyone enjoyed their food although the two build your own burgers we had with bacon both had cold bacon . for $ 2 and 40 minutes i definitely expect nice hot bacon on my burger . them again after 40 minutes what do you expect . hopefully management greatly improves . they have a very good product potentially .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stopped in after the kids played laser tag for an appetizer but ended up staying for a meal . $ 2 draft beers for happy hour , $ 4 appetizers including a big plate of nachos and wings . we stayed for a flat bread pizza which i loved and the kids split a burger which was cooked medium to perfection . very pleasant surprise in a bowling alley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place for happy hour with great bartenders ! holly always remembers our drinks and serves them with a smile !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when my husband and i went here we sat at the bar . my husband had ordered the popcorn crayfish and i got the hotwings . im not a big fish eater but i tried my husbands crayfish and it was delicious ! food and service were a plus . only bad thing was it was very noisy . the bar isnt really closed off from uptown alley itself . you can see kids across playing in the arcade room and people walking through to go bowling . all in all we had an enjoyable drink and snack before we walked over to the movie theatre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so excited about this place and have been several times . the first time was opening weekend and i waited 2 1 2 hrs . for my meal after waiting 30 mins to be seated in a dining room that was n't filled . once seated my server was excellent but a manager was extremely rude when i wanted to comment on how good our server was when he went out of his way to try and get us a discount for waiting so long . i returned with the hope that things had gotten better and the food was less than edible . it is n't worth the high prices . when i went a third time to try and enjoy other parts of uptown alley i found out that one of my favorite bartenders had quit because of problems with management . this place needs to work on keeping the good servers and bartenders because that is one of the reasons that i will not be returning and will be sharing with anyone that i can that this place is not worth the time or money . never going back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty underwhelming food ... .too bad , nice place , good bar , service was good , but the food was just eh !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had terrible service . waiter could n't even bring us water in a reasonable time . it tasted like water from toilet . ordered a salad and soup . they brought one salad and one soup . waiter said she had to make dressing and it took a long time . i would n't suggest anyone go there . and by the way the place was not busy . to many excuses , to little service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went into uptown alley for a family night of bowling and games . our bowling experience was wonderful . while our kids went to play games my husband and i went into the red embers for coffee and dessert , we were seated right away . we then waited 10-15 min at our table while servers were coming and going right past us . not one server acknowledged our existence . the service at this restaurant is awful ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was christmas night and my wife went out for our annual movie night . this place was open so we grabbed a cocktail or seven and enjoyed all the other people celebrating their own post family christmas . the food was good and the drinks were poured well . staff was very friendly in-spite of working christmas , everyone seemed to be in a good mood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and good service . normally go here for happy hour . looks like it would be a good place to go for some football watching as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say the food has gotten better . it is still hit or miss with service but food is on an uptick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bartenders need to take some classes , they are terrible . unaware on how to make simple classics . no fresh juices are used and most flavors are synthetic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "grabbed a quick bite here on halloween night , right next to a movie theatre . service was friendly and they did a good job . had as appetizer , stuffed meatballs , they were very tasty . finished off with lava cake , yum yum . nice place , bar , lots of tv 's . inside with a bowling alley and laser tag so there is lots to do close by . great visit . live music also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good sandwiches and burgers , and a good selection of beer as well . a ginormous screen on which to watch playoff games , and the crowd was certainly enjoying the view ! service was really terrible - unfortunately the server was trying to cover too much ground and she just could n't pay any attention to us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was here on a saturday night to celebrate a friend 's birthday . throughout the course of the evening , i purchased an adult beverage at 3 different bars within the bowling alley . the beer was flat and overpriced , and service was painstakingly slow . management should hire more employees to help things run more smoothly and keep patrons happy and coming back . the mixed drinks were overpriced as well , and food tasted stale ( tortilla chips ) . chairs were a little sticky , and empty bottles glassware were left out long after they had been finished ... i did n't see too many employees cleaning wiping or bussing tables . the atmosphere was lively and modern , and i liked the the layout of the entire establishment . will i go back ? definitely not to eat or drink . maybe to bowl .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thought it would be a nice break from cooking at home for a large family and brought them here and that was a huge mistake . the service is well below mediocre and the food is very much the same . the server demolished our order and when i finally got what i ordered i wished i had of settled for the beer that they could n't screw up and waited to go home and eat leftovers . kristin the service manager was awesome and understands how to make things right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's just ok . the food is good and the drinks are good . it 's a bit pricey for drinks . i was the dd for the night , and had to buy a soda at the restaurant and then did n't get refills . i was weird . i do n't know that we 'll be back . but it was just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been a number of times to red embers and have never had a bad visit . the service is always friendly and prompt though i will admit , it 's a bit less prompt at lunchtime which appears to be the time of day when they are training newbies . i 've had a wide variety of menu items and while none have disappointed , my favorites are the chicken pesto flatbread and the veggie tacos . look forward to future visits !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have gone to this a few times with the family . i like this place a lot . the food is always very good when we have gone there . we will continue to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food sucks on all accounts . service is mediocre at best . but the kids can play at the alley for $ 10 a piece while we get some breathing room , so that earns it 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've used cummings plumbing a few times both for installations and maintenance and i 've always experienced great service and a great result . in a marketplace rife with 'cowboys ' it 's a relief to find a company who have integrity - i can not recommend them enough . thanks chris !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called out at 11.30pm and arrived within 30 mins . really nice guy sorted the job within the hour . cheaper than expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company have opened up an office in view forth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap pedicures , friendly people . they even throw in a hot stone scrub for your legs . the massage chairs are nice too . nothing super fancy , but it gets it done ! i 've been several times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would not recommend this salon . i came here with a friend for a mani pedi . we walked in with no appt . but then four other people came in after us . they owners told them to wait and then worked so fast on my nails that 1 ) they did n't remove the clear polish on my nails from my previous manicure 2 ) tore my cuticles by hanking them bc they were going so fast and 3 ) the paint on my nails is all down in the cuticles , it looks really bad . there is not a good selection of nail polish and they add `` thinner '' to it because it so old and thickened . for $ 33 mani pedi i would definitely suggest you go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped at a few other nail salons , and found this salon to be everything i was looking for and more . the husband wife team were so cute , i regret not getting her name , but knowing the location is enough . it is a family owned business and you get real good energy when you walk in . i did the full spa and it was excellent . my legs and toes looked so beautiful and felt better ! i will definitely make a point of returning before i return to california . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this shop . they are friendly dont rush and affordable . couple owns the shop it can get busy but they offer another timeframe and they are open 7 days a week . definately welcoming but a lil hot could use better ac . i will continue to come here as long as they are open .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited once for a gel manicure on a saturday afternoon . the place was empty , and i 'm not shocked . it 's not particularly clean or inviting . the couple who run the shop are very nice . the manicure was pretty good , but it took a long time . i 'll use this place again if i ca n't get into my regular salons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nick was okay for the most part , did get cut twice tho ( nothing major , it just burned terribly when he applied something right after putting the tips on ) . his wife ( forgot her name ) did my spa pedi . she 's so nice ! spa pedi included hot stones & towels $ 17 , callous removal $ 5 , full set clear tips $ 22 , i expected to pay $ 44 & ended up paying $ 40 . they do have 2 different price lists up ! also the nail polish looks old . you can tell they 're all pretty much thinned out & can see the separation , so i picked a china glaze color . decor is outdated and different . i would recommend this salon overall though . i was skeptical since there 's only 2 reviews on here but i took a chance on them and love the outcome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a disturbing experience . completely empty when my girlfriends and i showed up ( first sign we should have left ) they rushed through our pedicures ( i asked to see the nail file to reshape my own toe nails ! i also removed the paint they left on my skin myself . ) they did such a sloppy and embarrassing job that we all decided to forego our manicures and get out of there as soon as possible ! ! ! do not waste your time or money here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here with 3 of my girlfriends for a day of mani pedis and stumbled upon this place on google maps . if you have n't started getting your nails done you should run out as fast as you possibly can . they rushed on all of us . they did n't paint half of our toenails and nail polish ran into our cuticles . they put thinner in the polish . one of my friends asked to have the nail filer so that she could file her own toes since apparently they do n't do that . everything was sloppy and the shop was empty for a reason . never will i or these girls be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in need of a pedicure and a manicure badly . i did n't want to pay 50 bucks for them to clip my nails , though . so i called peak nail spa and right away they were so happy to have me come in . i came is , was greeted immediately , and had such friendly and accommodating service . they did n't want to make me pay extra for services i did n't want an she really wanted to ensure i was happy when i left . i definitely recommend this place . also the massage chairs are great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place for a quick lunch since we were shopping at frys market place next door at lunchtime , we decided to give pho house a try and we were glad we did . on this visit to pho house we decided to share an order of egg rolls and combination fried rice . the eggrolls were hot , fresh , crispy and expertly prepared , the eggrolls were absolutely delicious . i wish i could say the same about the fried rice . the combination fried rice had chicken , pork , beef , and shrimp . in my opinion , the fried rice was just ok . the fried rice was mostly chicken ; which i did not really care for . however the shrimp and pork had a nice taste . i think next time i will request to have the chicken omitted . our first time at pho house we were pleasantly surprised as it was better than we expected . the food , while not gourmet or great was tasty and the staff was pleasant . good place for a quick lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for dinner , 30 mins before they closed . it was a cold night and needed something to warm me up . the place is clean and shiny new . the selection is a little limited compared to the other pho places that i go . i ordered the # 5 beef pho noodles . it was good , not too shabby of a soup base either . coming back to try the other items !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a decent restaurant in the west valley area ! walked in and was greeted very nicely . the service was very friendly and the food was very good . their boba are my favs ! highly recommend this place to anyone who lives in the west valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pho was fantastic . the spring rolls also excellent . i had a large bowl of pho ( $ 7 ) iced tea ( $ 1 ) and spring rolls ( $ 3 ) . seriously amazing food for cheap . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pho was delicious ! best i 've had on the west side . we did wait about 30 minutes for our food , however . we were told they were n't expecting to be so busy during lunch time , and were understaffed . the wait was disappointing , but we will be back . the place is new , has n't even been open for a week . i 'd expect them to have a few kinks to work out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the clean new look inside . i have to disagree with the review stating the taste was bland . it was pretty tasty and good and i have had king eggroll and pt noodles and i like this place better for the price is right ! and the service guys are pretty cool too ! it is a pho house and for what it is to what they serve is right on point in my opinion . it 's not an upscale restaurant downtown . i will be coming back when i get a craving for pho ! keep up the cute smiles , and great pho ! ! happy eating ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! there 's a lot to choose from as far as pho goes in the area . for some strange reason , there 's like 4 places i can think of off the top of my head . we enjoyed coming here but still enjoy our favorite `` old places '' more . convenient location just off the highway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great portion and soup was awesome ! new favorite spot for my pho and other vietnamese dish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really delicious ! good place to try something new and be pleased . the boba was probably the best i 've had and i 'm a bit of a boba snob", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just found this place close to where we live and its pretty good . both times i 've went there i was greeted promptly . they were pretty quick with the orders even though they were kinda busy . the prices are reasonable and they had pretty good portions on the entrees . the place was spotlessly clean . all their waiters and waitresses can speak vietnamese and english so its easy to communicate either way . i had a big order so the young waiter was nice enough to offer to help me carry it out to my car . anyone who wants to try some asian food should give this place a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we just moved to arizona from texas and this by far is the best pho we 've had in arizona . the beef broth was delicious ! the wait staff was incredibly polite and the atmosphere was clean and refreshing . we will definitely come here again . pt noodles has nothing on this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pho was awesome ! broth was flavorful and clean . staff was nice and the place was very clean . will come back for sure . thai tea w boba was great too . they also was giving away egg rolls too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited pho house this week . was pleasantly surprised at how clean and up dated the resaurant was . very friendly staff . went on a thursday for dinner and had no problems getting in and served in record time . i had the fried pork which was absolutely scrumptious . my husband had the pho with chicken which was great as well . this will be our new vietnamese restaurant for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and even greater people : ) pho is delicious and savory ! taro boba is perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in search for a different non chain place to eat for lunch today , i found this new gem ! it is well located just south of the 1-10 . the restaurant is clean and the servers were very friendly . i ordered the vegetable and tofu jasmine rice dish . the sauce was very well seasoned and the tofu had great flavor . there were a few too many onions but overall the flavor was great ! the shrimp spring rolls are good but the peanut could use some more flavor . the prices are very reasonable . most dishes are ~ $ 6.99 . overall great experience so my husband and i will be back to try out ore dishes on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i stopped by for my lunch break , i wanted to try something different from the usual . i arrived got seated right away and my order arrived a few minutes later . the pho was absolutely amazing ! everything was very fresh , the broth was the highlight of the show . if your not adding hot oil , i 'm sorry my friend but your doing it wrong . flavors when out the roof ! 5 stars , great service , great environment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my 20 years of experience with asian cuisine , specifically authentic vietnamese food , i have to say that the food here is very good ! i highly recommend the pho and thai milk tea . hands down the best i 've had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love how this place looks ! i feel like i 'm in a pho restaurant in california ! i ordered the mi xao and banh xeo.. the food was was average . customer service wise , our sever forgot my friends order so he sat there while we all ate our food haha .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would rate the food 2.5 5 . the food was okay . i ordered the banh xeo and pho xao chay . banh xeo did n't have pork in it and it was not crispy- it was soggy . i would rate 3.5 5 . we had a party of 4 and the waiter only asked two of us what the wanted and then asked `` is this all ? '' before the rest got to order lol . but he was nice ! i think he was confused and maybe training the restaurant itself is nice and spacious !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably my favorite vietnamese restaurant in town . they are always very friendly & the food is amazing ! today we got there 16min before closing time & they were still very friendly . not only is the food very tasty but it is affordable . i really recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pho real some of the best pho i 've had in a while . the waitstaff was kind and attentive the entire time and our food was brought out fairly quickly . the atmosphere was a little dated , however everything was clean and reflected the relaxed and home style cooking of the pho . any time it rains or i need comfort food i 'll be back because it was pho-king delicious ... that 's all the puns i 'll make .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i came here before my grandma moved to another state . my grandma 's from vietnam and she 's very very picky with vietnamese food ; however , she was soooooo happy with the food . i definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new spot for pho in the west valley ! food is delicious and service is great . good option to dine in or take out . i 've been recommending it to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks pho ! ! ! ! ! ! i have n't found any place that reminds me of home but they have knocked it out of the park ! it is just like our favorite pho place back in denver ! definitely will be back and soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered three banh mi , different flavors , asked for no jalapeno on any . to go , so i did n't really open the bag before i left the premises . got home , all 3 had jalapeno . bbq pork banh mi had a decent amount of meat , good flavor , and i 'd say was the best of the three . the grilled chicken & grilled steak ones had minimal amount of meat . all three were very skimpy on the pickled vegetables , which is one of the distinctive flavors i like about banh mi . they did use a good glop of mayo on all three sandwiches , which i am not really used to , but not super opposed to . i 'd give them another try , but not on any of the banh mi . i hope their pho is better ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the soup and food is great with reasonable prices . restaurant is also very clean with nice ambience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! pho soup is amazing for starters but if you do n't like the soup they have plenty of options ! ! they have amazing egg rolls it 's a must try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will be coming back . it was great ! chicken pho was delicious along with the egg rolls . so fresh and tasty", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstandingly fresh ingredients and clean flavors ! i would gladly eat here every day if my pocketbook allowed it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is pleasant with young staff that is polite and helpful . the food itself is above average , but sometimes are inconsistent . it would be the best place if some improvements for the dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their food is amazing ! my nail guy recommended this place i 'm so glad he did ! it was clean place we ordered the bun thit noung with shrimp n egg roll was delish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pho i 've had in phoenix . my husband had grilled chicken , which was also delicious . we 'll definitely be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pho . we had shrimp bowl and bowl with shrimp , pork , and quail eggs . it was our first time to eat at a pho restaurant and we will definitely go back . very nice personnel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and really good food . also , to me it was very inexpensive.it seems to be a pretty popular place . at 11:30 on a saturday the place was 3 4 full . i had a chicken noodle bowl ( sorry i do n't remember the vietnamese name of it ) and it was excellent . perfectly cooked and everything tasted so fresh . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently great ! the food is always delicious and the staff is very pleasant . if you like pho , you must come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid pho for a solid price , my better half and i very much enjoyed the warm and welcoming staff . we both had the # 4 beef pho , she ordered hers with veggies . we thought the portions were fair , and the quality was great . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the food , service was great . it was my first time there and the waitress was very helpful . she explaining what each dish was even though it was close to closing , but the best part was that my girls loved the food also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite part of pho is the broth . i could drink that all day and not even miss the noodles or meat veggies . this place has some of best broth i 've ever had . the noodles and meat ( we ordered pho tai ) were good too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pho & sandwiches are delicious ! ! ! my favorite pho place in the west valley . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great and welcoming staff ! its very clean and presentable but the food was even better , so tasteful . we tried the egg rolls , pho , grilled chicken and short ribs . everything was perfect ! they even have boba and all for such an amazing price ... definitely will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a disaster . service terrible , my wife hated her food i had what was supposed to be filet mignon but was definitely javelina meat . when we told them there was a problem they demanded we pay for everything and leave . avoid and go to del taco instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , wow , wow ! ! ! ! originally from los angeles where there are tons of really good pho places to eat.i moved to the west side ( buckeye ) a year ago , and have not been able to find a good pho place . i had gone to pt noddles in goodyear , but unfortunately it was n't that good ( sorry ) . found this place and talk to the guy at the counter ... he said they were only 3 months old ... wow , the food was super good..a lot of noodles and the meat was super good..very clean and friendly establishment ... they got themselves a new returning customer for life ! ! ! would definitely recommend to my friends ! ! a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very good . resturant and restrooms were very clean . prices are very reasonable . wait staff could improve but tolerable . substitutions on dishes are a bit confusing to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only pho place that i trust in the west side ... the establishment is clean , and well decor ... the servers are super nice and courteous ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice atmosphere the staff is always very courteous when you walk in . the food is very good and it 's a great price i will continue going to this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to stop by for an early dinner on my way home from work . since it was around 4pm it was pretty empty inside . the employees were all sitting around . i was seated quickly and ordered the chicken pho . service from my original waiter was not so great , but a few of the girls working came by often to make sure i was taken care of . the food was amazing . i just wish my waiter that originally took my ordered would have acted like he cared for the business considering how slow it was when i walked in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is hidden in a strip mall but it is a great find . the chicken pho is absolutely delicious as well as the spring rolls . the dining area was clean with a self service drink station . i will go back to try something else on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place for pho ! the food is great and the staff is very friendly . they have the best egg rolls around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in craving pho and place was a disaster with dirty tables and no service at 6pm and 3 tables occupied in restaurant . turned around after being seated with no service and walked out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! the pho is delicious and the service is excellent ! added bonus they are close by ! everything is so tasty ! i usually come once or twice a week for dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably one of our worst dining experiences ever ! we should 've walked out after noticing a weird smell in there ! very , very unfriendly and who gives a glass of water without ice ? ? they became rude when i asked to alter my dish and when it came out , it was nothing like what i had asked for ! my husbands meat in his dish was tough , inedible and undercooked as well ! pass by this unwelcoming to americans disaster zone ! ! take the drive to scottsdale and go to the slanted rice !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place so much and the price makes it even better ! lol highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best food i got while in the goodyear area ! was in town for spring training and the area is mostly mediocre chain restaurants . this rose well above the level in the area despite being in an unassuming location . the bowl of pho was a very generous portion . everything was very fresh and the space is very clean . also got spring rolls which were very good . server was helpful and attentive . break out of the boring big chains and try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is very tasty ! restaurant is clean and staff is very friendly ! will definitely return and will now be my go to place for vietnamese food in the west valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , wait staff friendly and attentive , very clean , and always fresh ! if you like pho this would be a must try place ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am really glad i found this place ! fast , friendly service and huge portions . i had the vermicelli pork bowl with egg roll . i have eaten this dish at countless other pho joints , and pho house delivers the most pork . lots of veggies and mint . clean , bright restaurant and an a health rating posted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was really good . big portions , tasty food , and nice service . the server even got me a new drink when i did n't like the one i originally ordered . by the way the thai tea is amazing . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for vietnamese food on the west side . very large and clean compared to pt down the street . great food and service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no service i never going again the pho no favorites just add a lot msg i do n't like that", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was great and food was bomb . ordered the special egg noodle soup . but my all time favorite was the milk tea boba drink !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warning ! ! i was heard this place was good but i was so so disappointed and upset after trying it . i went with a group of 8 friends here , although my food was average , two of my friends got some type of chicken stir fry dish . the chicken in the dish was spoiled and had a rotting smell ! and i know for a fact the smell was not from any sauce or spice , it was just plain spoiled chicken ! the waitress was informed and removed it from the bill but i think i should of called the county health inspector . and we took my 2 friends to a urgent care for a per-caution for food poisoning and both later did vomit the food up . obviously i will never return here and warn others .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really enjoy this pho spot . only reason why i 'm leaving 3 stars is due to the fact that i placed a to go order , and when i arrived 20 min later ( which they said it 'd be ready in 20 ) they said they never received the order . so i had to wait an additional 20 minutes for an order i called in 20 minutes ago ! and to top off the filet mignonette dish i ordered tasted as if i were biting into ginger . was not happy with my order this time when i know how good this spot can be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered bun bo hue noodle soup , beef ball noodle soup and deep fried egg rolls . the portion size of the noodle soup was generous compared to pt noodles . the restaurant was bright and clean , the wait staff was good also . unfortunately , the soup was very bland sort of water down and did not have strong beef flavor it should . the egg rolls were crispy but not tasty . i do n't think i 'll be coming back until the restaurant address this issue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this little new place for pho . after a rainy morning decided to try this new place out . glad we did . food was pretty delicious . i ordered the chicken pho and the bf had a # 1 . also ordered a side of egg rolls and spring rolls , i love the fact that u can choose the size of them , which king eggroll does n't have . the only thing ... service was good but i had to keep asking for refills on the drinks . so sad . used to always having that full with king eggroll . we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pho house but they need more wait staff . the two people they do have are way too overwhelmed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little place . most likely will be coming back . price is very good . nothing to crazy or expansive very simple and basic menu . the service was very good for a vietnamese restaurant . they checked on us every now and then and refilled our water that something you do n't normally get at other ones . will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent . had the shrimp bowl with pork , noodles & quail eggs . it was our first time at pho and we will definitely coming back . everyone was so friendly and it was suggested to cater it for one of our work parties ! sounds like a great idea ! ! yum ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the broth here is great . the spring rolls are on point . friendly staff . the place is very well maintained .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! ! we had a little of everything , a pho , spring rolls and a chicken dish . it was all really fresh . we would definitely go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite spot to eat . i go here 4 days a week their pho soup is delicious and not sweet , some other places likes to add a lot of sugar in their soup but not this place . the egg rolls are delicious too ! ! the service is pretty good , the guy with the long hair is great he never messes up our order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time eating there and i loved it . the soup was a little hard on clove and ginger but tummy still.loved loved the spring rolls ! definitely eating there again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the day after arriving i needed some pho to survive . it was a very trying day before making it down south there was kayaking and traveling . the day after required beef pho and egg rolls to go . arrived at restaurant food was ready cruised back home for sunset snack time it was good will do it again in the future . the location is close to the freeway also a plus ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good pho restaurant and we have added this to our rotation . the only complaint is the service from the young adults is often lacking . drinks will not be refilled for the entire meal . other than that the pho and eggrolls are good stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice , clean restaurant . the wait staff was very friendly and attentive . they try very hard to accommodate you , especially with special orders . my only complaint was that the actual soup was n't very hot and was tasteless . i had the number one with beef , tendon , etc and the beef was chewy and thin . the tendon was good , but the actual soup was tasteless . it had no flavor . great prices , very reasonable and the serving sizes were enormous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best pho w of 1-17 ! i 've been to almost all of the pho restaurants in the valley . this one is on my top 3 definitely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice clean and friendly place to go for great pho , service was so prompt and the food came out very fast . this place is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pho , excellent customer service . 4 stars and not 5 bc i asked for extra sauce and did not receive it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tasting , delicious and clean pho ! definitely a favorite , moving forward ! we have bee here four times now and each time the service was sublime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even when the lines are back to the isles they do n't open more registers . staff are usually friendly but management needs a lesson in customer service . had to send my son to the parking lot to get a trolley since there were none inside and when i just politely told the cashier i found he was uninterested .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just yesterday i was shopping at walmart with one of my best friends , a double amputee wounded warrior with two purple hearts . it is absolutely disgraceful that a company who i believed to stand by our country and the people that fight for it , give their lives for it and lose their ability and mobility for it , supports an employee and team member that publicly disrespects our country by burning the american flag . his name is bryton mellott and is a manger at this walmart location . you wo n't find me this , or any walmart ever again . such disrespect for a nation that fights to protect the rights of all , even it 's enemies . please make an effort to not shop here . it 's worth driving the extra few miles to another store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service . had to call 3 times to find out if they had a certain shampoo . first time i was disconnected , second was put on hold for over 20 minutes because the department was n't answering , third , had to call from another line while on hold with the other call to actually find out the answer to my question . when i called the walmart on prospect they answered my question within a minute .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location has certain healthy food products at far cheaper prices than the co-op or strawberry fields . any other grocery store does n't even carry it . so in spite of any anti-corporate pretenses , my neighborhood wal-mart is vital . all employees i 've dealt with have been friendly and helpful , and the grumpy few at least have a good sense of humor about it . they also have a pretty good selection of underwear and socks , but not always the kind i want . so , 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sometimes when you show up first thing in the morning for auto work , you get right in and out . but not at walmart tires and lube plus in urbana . with only one other person in front of me for an oil change ( which i later found out took an hour and a half from the time she arrived , since they did n't open at the posted time ! ) , i figured it would n't take long since i was just getting my wheels balanced . unfortunately , there was only 1 tech working , so i had to wait until the oil change was finished before they even started on mine ! the price ended up being a couple bucks cheaper than most garages , but the wait totally negated that . good thing i brought some reading material along and killed some time shopping for a couple items . most garages take their sweet time on jobs but this was ridiculous !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like every walmart it tends to be the same in most facets . it is however cleaner and better taken care of than some of the other locations i have visited . the fuel center at this location is nice and very easy in and out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first visit to this annual event . pros : loved the multiple stages in close proximity to one another so that you could go from stage to stage for the next show lining up loved that there were food trucks available near the stages loved the music loved easy access -- parked in 1st ave garage and took the `` t '' from there to wood street for free . garage parking was a flat 5.00 fee . easy to get in and out and plenty of parking available . also , restrooms available in the garage . cons : i did n't stay as long as i would have liked because maneuvering from one stage to the next was claustrophobic and dangerous because the sidewalks were nearly impassible . there were people 's chairs on them plus venues had their tables and chairs on them , as well . two way foot traffic was nearly impossible . so , i cried `` uncle '' and we ended up at the harris theater to watch a wonderful foreign film .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately i was out of town for the first two days of the jazz festival this year but it gets better each year . several bistros bars allow beer , wine with you to watch jazz on the street outside . the photo is of the spanish harlem jazz orchestra , and they were fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never a disappointment and always fun ! even withal the tai you must go and experience the live jazz and realize it 's more than elevator music ! i love the jam sessions after and all the artists are truly remarkable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in while waiting for a flight . should have bypassed it altogether . that is time wasted that i will never get back . i walked out after standing at the counter without any acknowledgment from multiple employees . i apologize to any visitors to vegas who have had to endure this establishment . this is not a good representation of our city . i will never visit them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a horrible burrito experience , the husband and i came here hoping to split a steak sandwich that was better . clearly this is a chain and we knew what to expect . compared to other great steak & potato locations , this place is somewhat of a disappointment . first , the prices are ridiculous . i know i 'm in an airport , but there needs to some reasonableness in the prices . second , the food was absolutely greasy . i know great steak usually is a bit greasy , but by the time we got our sandwich from the line to our table it had soaked through the paper . they did not ask if we wanted lettuce and tomato and just put it on anyway . the fries themselves were mediocre , but the cheese for them was old and a bit stale tasting . the place was dirty and not well maintained . it was awful compared to other locations of the same chain .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know if it was because it had been three days in vegas or what but the cheesesteak sandwich i grabbed to take on my flight with me was absolutely delicious . i felt a little awkward eating something so messy with people sitting next to me but i did n't care . it definitely hit the spot . and if the greese seeping through the bottom of the bag does n't state how delicious it is , i do n't know what would : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why i did n't consult yelp before coming here , i guess it was desperation after a 4 hour flight and a long layover . i 'm not sure that i can add more than what has already been said - the service is rude unfriendly and inefficient . it was quite possibly one of the worst cheesesteak sandwiches i have had a few in my life . it was greasy , the cheese came from a can , the bread was soggy from massive amounts of grease ( see photo ) . and ... it was $ 14.50 for a 7 '' cheesesteak , fries and a drink - totally not worth it . avoids this place and head to jersey mike 's ( or anywhere else in the airport for that matter ) . i am going to head to jamba juice to see if i can find something to cleanse my palate and gut .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dont do it ! ! ' i got the original philly since my flight was pushed back and seemed like the only decent place to eat . meat is frozen when they slap it to the grill . sandwich sat in my gut after eating only half of it . better off just waiting until you get to your end destination or eat before you arrive to the airport .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "greasy and slow service . it was too icky for me to finish it . usually i like the food from this chain but , i do n't think they had cleaned their hotplate at all so the grease was dirty from all the prior cooking . you have been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` america 's premier cheesesteak '' - seriously ? they serve a pathetic excuse for a cheesesteak ... salty steak with cheese wiz thrown on top . i 'd give one star but the loaded baked potato was decent ( the bacon was the only low point of the potato as it was pretty fatty ) . great steak is am embarrassment to america and they should be stripped of their slogan ! unfortunately this part of the terminal does n't have much to offer for food so they have a captive audience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i did n't like how long the line was but for airport food they were off the hook ! we ordered the phily cheese steak and it was bombdotcom the cheese oozed out and melted in your mouth . really good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pluses : open late in the terminal where spirit airlines departs from las , meat was fully cooked , workers did n't look like they wanted to kill themselves immediately after their shift was over . minuses : price , time for food to be prepared seemed excessively long , and orders were made out of order . when it 's the only game in town , you do n't have a choice ! get a sandwich already .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give it -2 stars . i was waiting for my flight which was delayed so i decided to get a cheesesteak here . the lady cooking my steak was chowing gum like a horse . that was horrible . when i got my cheesesteak sandwich which i paid $ 10 for it and took a bite , i found big and hard fat nerve in every bite . it was so gross . i only ate a quarter of the sandwich and threw out . do n't waste your money on this place so called great steak . it should be called the worst steak .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's 1030p and we 're at the airport . we 're taking the red eye flight back to chicago . because we have to connect out of minnesota , it will take longer than the 3+ hours to get home . once we get to the airport , we decide to buy something to eat . unfortunately , we were limited to two restaurants , one bar and one gift shop . we should 've brought something with us . my boyfriend 's steak sandwich , my philly steak sandwich and our french fries were all incredibly salty . what we ate was only edible because we had purchased drinks to wash the terrible taste down . in this case , having a soda was a bad idea . the sugar and salt just made us thirstier .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i assumed it was like the old school steak escape ( from the mall food court ) . i was a little wrong , but it was still tasty and fattening as you 'd assume it would be . again , i think it all depends on when you are at the airport , but right before lunch time was just fine on a wednesday . i did n't have a long wait to order or for pick-up . actually , the employee was doing some paperwork before she noticed me standing there to place an order . they serve breakfast . weird . i ordered the original philly cheesesteak . if you do n't like onions or you are just 'eh ' on onions , say no onions ! they were huge chunks and took over the whole sando . the gooey , processed philly cheese was awesome ! grab a lot of napkins , then grab 10 more , you 'll need them all . i asked for my fries extra crispy and that 's just how i received them , they were awesome . low expectations means you 'll be happily cheese covered with a smile !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got to the airport early so i decided to eat here but boy i was wrong . the wait for the food was pretty long . after waiting for so long you would at least expect the food to be hot , right ? wrong ! my fries were cold and soft . the great steak sandwich was ok but was n't all that great . if i had knew there was a burger king on the other side of the airport , i would have gone there instead . i would definitely not return to this restaurant . not worth the wait or money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i guess i must have been really hungry or i do n't know what a real philly cheese steak taste like but i thought it was delicious . i only ate the sandwich and it had great flavor and the cheese was all melted perfectly . i think it 's above average for airport food and not too expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was there saturday , oct 10th , at 4:55pm . nobody was in line , and now i know why . black gal tellls me she will get with me `` in a minute '' . after 20 minutes of being ignored , at 5:15pm , she still had not taken my order . during that time 9 people got in line behind me one at a time , and all left without ordering . a number of mad customers never got their order and had to catch their planes . one was insisting on a refund , but was told by her only the manager could do such , but she was `` gone running errands '' . as the cheesesteak orders were finally completed , nobody was there to pick them up , as they all left for their planes . i feel sorry for the owner of this franchise for all his lost business . from other reviews , i am glad she never took my order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't do it ! ! this is the worst place ever . the food is horrendous ! ! ! we ordered the philly cheesesteak sandwich and it was absolutely gross . salty , salty , salty , and the cheese it was bad.. how do you mess up cheeses ? they call themselves the great steak restaurant yet i call them the great disappointment .. the salt in the food is enough to kill a small cat and enough to have you needing high blood pressure medicine . save yourself from this place.. it 's too late for us ! ! ! i feel gross . ouch ! my heart ! ! ! ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a delicious steak sandwich with provolone . om nom nom !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by the time you get to your southwest airline terminal and are hungry and desperate for food , you realize that great steak is your only option . how unfortunate ! there is no where to sit ( standing counters only ) , the food is too messy to eat at your gate chair . the food has been put through a de-flavorizer and all you can think if is , 'why did n't we eat before we left the hotel . big mistake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was just nasty . good took forever , fries were cold and soggy , sandwich was so bland it was gross . i will never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even if you are starving and you think to yourself `` hey i can eat anything right now and it 'll still taste good.. '' you 're wrong . this place has terrible staff - people who hate their jobs clearly . the person who took my order basically kept rolling his eyes because we did n't say right off the bat what we wanted . the food is even worse . i ordered the original philly cheesesteak and i do n't know where the `` cheese '' is but you 'll get melted cheese that looks like butter all over your sandwich . the meat did not taste good either . everything was a miss . i 'd rather eat their fries before i get another sandwich from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't get the fries they 're awful . i 'm not the only one that 's way overdue for an oil change . the cheesesteaks are n't awful , they 're just bad , pretty standard airport fast food . the space was filthy with trash on the floors and all the surfaces were dirty and sticky . they were one of the only places open in the b terminal at 7:45 on a saturday night , so it 's where we went .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was ok , but way too expensive . it cost $ 28 for two people . what bothered me the most was how dirty the place was . light airport traffic , so no excuse . i had the philly cheesesteak . it was n't the best or worse i 've had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bread was soft , meat was juicy , cheese was melted . overall i ca n't expect more from a airport cheese steak place . brought me back to the east coast my wife and i loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dumbest cashier . slowest service . highest prices . mediocre-est food . just hoping i do n't get food poisoning at this point .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the slowest and likely the worst fast food restaurant in the world . when you are stuck at the mccarran airport , do yourself a favor and avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are in a hurry , then thus barstool or standing room may be the ticket . i ordered the great steak with mushrooms . this sandwich comes with lettuce and tomato which differentiates it from classic cheesesteak . it was the first tomatoe , fermented and vile , that i 've ever had to spit out . french fries were not great , just mediocre . ketchup only in packets behind counter and hunts is better anyway . next time i 'll choose a different place , port of subs ? , versus risking the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for your own sake if you find yourself leaving las vegas and are hungry for a cheese steak , dont come here . i got the chicken philly with onions and peppers . the cooked it with what appeared to be frozen chicken burger meat . then they added their `` cheese sauce '' which is watered down nacho cheese with zero flavor . both the meat and cheese were disgusting i wish i could throw up this terrible meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "little d craving the slab . this place was packed but we got in and out pretty quick . he ordered the cotton candy milkshake and i tried a tiny sip and it was very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this location several times . it 's never too busy at the times that i 've picked to go , which is nice . the shop is bright and clean . there is light from the windows streaming in giving it a warm , open , sunny day feel . the staff is nice , the let you sample the ice cream . i have always had a positive experience with my choices . i love ice cream , honestly i even love pricey ice cream ... and would probably pay a high price just for the joy of eating it . who does n't feel great after a delicious bowl cone of ice cream ? all seasons ... anytime , day or night ! come to marble slab , it will make you happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prefer no attitude with my ice cream . just went tonight and the same girl waited on my family . no hello , no smile , no thank you and a lot of attitude in between . other cheaper options that are a lot friendlier !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here after dinner date night to get dessert . it 's in a convenient location . staff was friendly and they were quick with our desserts . lots of options and lots of toppings . very pleased with our ice cream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've ate here on a couple of occasions , and the ice cream is all right . i 've had their sundaes , and the more traditional ice cream waffle cone . the ice cream itself is quite nice -- it 's not too sweet , though maybe not sweet enough -- hmm , that does n't sound right , but it is what it is ... i think it 's somewhat overpriced for what you get , even compared to other locations similar to this . i 'd say my favorite thing about this place has to be its location . you can grab your ice cream , then site around the beautiful outdoor area of stonecrest while the kids run around burning off the sugar they just consumed . i will get ice cream from here again ; however , that 's simply because of it 's great location . if there was a cold stone or baskin-robins next door , i 'd probably go there first .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kevin the owner was really nice and told me about their amazing mirror by their interior decorator . vanilla & almonds - very good ! ! cinnamon , birthday cake , & butter pecan mixed with rainbow sprinkles - incredible ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while ice cream might be delicious , service was horrendous . we tried ordering `` child creations '' in a waffle bowl ( for kids 12 and under ) , and the girl kept on saying `` but it 's a tiny scoop of ice cream ... it 's just a tiny scoop of ice cream ... . '' as parents we are aware of kids portions . sizing , but the way she was demanding us to get a bigger size was very condescending .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "who knew this existed ? initially thought this was a cold stone knock-off , but who cares as long as its ice cream and one craves it . wife and i searched for ice cream on google maps after we saw a movie at the regal cinemas across the street and we ended up at marble slab . ordered the brownie sundae - it was yummy , but then again how can one screw up a simple brownie sundae ? ok , the bottom of the brownie was kinda hard burnt , but i 'll let that pass ... i echo what another yelper commented - if there 's a cold stone or baskin robbins around , i 'll go there instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ice cream was great , you can choose what flavor and then an endless amount of toppings that fit into a cup or cone . of course its a little more expensive than most ice cream shops . the reason i took away a star was from the customer service . the guy behind the counter was a little rude and acted like he did n't want to be there . in fact he left halfway through us ordering by saying 'wait a second ' and then walking out back to get his coworker . the two talked like we were n't even there and like we were wasting their time . could 've been a little bit nicer ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is always fun and way better then cold stone.. we like the variety of sweet treat options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ice cream was good . same as any other mix-in place . the employees , though , seemed upset to be there . we did n't need much help , so it was fine . do n't necessarily expect anyone to roll out the red carpet ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worse experience ever ! got in there , no one came out to the counter . waited there for about five minutes , i tried to call the store to get their attention and still no one came out . when i finally could order , i received the wrong item but just kept it moving . they gave me no lids for my ice cream ( 3 ) to go . i would rather make the drive to cold stone next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to like this place but after battling a fussy , colicky baby for the better part of a night , we thought we could get some ice cream at 10 pm . the place advertises an 11p sunday close . unfortunately , they changed their policy and now close at 930 . there was also a roach running around the front door as we walked up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i asked to taste one flavor and then was n't helped again ... terrible customer service , i was totally uncomfortable and ended up waking out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to enjoy coming to this place even though costumer service has always been really bad , employees really show you how the hate their job . today it was it ! i ordered an ice cream with strawberries mixed in it and the strawberries were frozen as ice , they were as hard as rocks . the manager said that what happen is that once they are mixed them with the ice cream the freeze because the ice cream is cold . which is ridiculous , i asked for my money back and they said the do not do refunds , so i had to call my credit card company to get that disputed , this place really sucks , i will not come here ever again and i would not recommend anyone to go to this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good ice cream shop . about $ 5 person , but i do n't mind the price for good ice cream . my favorite are the waffle cones . cinnamon ice cream is pretty good . lot of different toppings to choose from . there 's also a pretty good atmosphere on the weekends with a live band outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . definitely a place to be on a warm or cool night . enjoy the great ice cream and sit by the veranda .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this marble slab creamery is located in stonecrest shopping center , towards the front of the development near jojo 's , miro , dean & deluca , etc . it 's your standard ice cream shop . it had a decent variety of flavors , along with some `` ice cream cupcakes '' that i had never seen before . whole ice cream cakes in various sizes were also included in a stand-up freezer . a few chairs and tables scattered about , but this is located near the plaza with plenty of outdoor seating near the big fountain , should weather permit . on this visit , i decided to get one of the ice cream cupcakes to try later - it was fine . i purchased a birthday cake milkshake along with that , which was n't blended particularly well , so the first sips were just sweet milk , followed by clumps of ice cream . again , fine . nothing special . the employees were nice enough . i was n't wowed , but was n't expecting to be - it was a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast and very friendly service ! lots of ice cream and cone cup choices . there are a few tables inside which all needed to be wiped down and napkins on the floor beside them . i 'm assuming we had come at the end of a rush so it 's understandable , i 'm just justifying why i gave them 4 stars rather than 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ice cream is okay , nothing special , or worth the money . if you can look past the sub par customer service maybe you can enjoy ice cream with your family . the store is just a bunch of teenagers , smacking their gum in front of customers and carrying on their personal conversations on the line ignoring everyone else . i 've worked at cold stone and my coworkers and i never provided such poor customer service . they really know how to make you feel unwelcome", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had marble slab ice cream at work yesterday thanks to the fine folks at bissell property management who sponsored an ice cream social for ballantyne corporate park tenants . marble slab creamery at stonecrest delivered pre-packaged cups of ice cream ( they brought chocolate , vanilla , strawberry , butter pecan , birthday cake ) and set up tables so that you could mix in your own goodies . i opted not to take the hot fudge or carmel sauce and skipped the toppings ( they brought an assortment of nuts , fruit , sprinkles , cookies , candies , and whipped cream ) . the ice cream was sweet - but not overly so - and it was very creamy . the only disappoinment for me was that i actually like pecans in my butter pecan ice cream , but this had none . next time , i think i 'll go with one of the other flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped here for a late night crazing for ice cream . i went with the peanut butter chocolate milkshake . the kid was very helpful he even had me taste two different chocolate 's for my milkshake . it was very good not the best i 've ever had but far above average . prices were n't too bad but not cheap either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in here last night for something sweet after a good meal . got a small ice cream in a waffle cone and it included one free mix in . i ended up choosing tiramisu with oreo cookies mixed ... . of course it was awesome . their ice cream was very creamy and the service was fast ( considering it was 40 degrees outside ... no one else was getting ice cream but us crazies ) . it will be interesting , i bet this place gets crazy during the summer since it 's right in stonecrest and near the nice water fountain feature .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean and kid friendly . they were very patient and seemed to enjoy showing my sons and niece how the folded the extras into the ice cream . good selection and reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ice cream , skip the waffle cones and cups . other than that , everything was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience with marble slab was through my job , they had it catered in for our annual `` ice cream afternoon '' and i was instantly a fan . well when it was the first warm day we 've seen in a while i was happy to stop by this location . the service was fast and there were plenty of delicious flavors to chose from ! what i like more about this place , is you can load up as many toppings as you like in your sweet treat . for this visit , i went with the sweet cream ( i know , i know ) on a chocolate and peanut cone with m & m 's , chocolate drops , and sprinkles . it was delish . super creamy , mixed just right and the cone had just enough crispy goodness ! i 'll absolutely be back , especially with the weather starting to warm up ! oh and there 's a lovely space to enjoy your ice cream right outside the shop behind the fountain !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's no secret that i love ice cream . this ice cream is very lovable . a yummy waffle cone dipped in white chocolate and sprinkles with cake batter ice cream with cookie dough , oreos and fudge ? someone tell my mom i 've gone to heaven earlier than expected . she got a brownie sundae that was also fabulous . sit outside in the courtyard and take in the nice view of the fountain . chill , relax and enjoy these delicious treats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here occasionally and the ice cream is always great . i always get the kids size cone with sprinkles and the cake batter ice cream , but i 've tasted a few other flavors and they 're all good ! the only complaint i have is that it 's often a little dirty inside . the floor and tables are messy and it 's kind of gross if you want to sit down . we were lucky to find a clean table but the rest were sticky and had stuff all over them ... in their defense , we typically come later closer to closing so it may get cleaned more frequently during the day . contrary to other reviews , staff has always been friendly to us and never rude . overall we have a good time when we come here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't speak highly enough about the stylists at asalon . they are talented , courteous and professional . they recently moved to the arboretum from another location . i 've been going to asalon for 10 years and could n't be happier . they 're excellent at meeting all hair care needs . my daughter and i get highlights done every six weeks and are always thrilled with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure to have michelle olson do my hair and let me tell you , i 'm picky ! she did above and beyond my expectations ! not only does my hair look amazing but the entire time she made me feel so welcome and appreciated my business . she 's so much fun to talk to and i will come back again and again . i highly recommend her . here 's her number 704-564-5008", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch salon . while predominantly a women 's shop , men are welcome . courtney is my stylist & she nailed it on my first , second & third visit . hey , i guess i 'm a regular now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to the area and was looking for a great hairstylist . found michelle on groupon and i have say i am super pleased with her work . she did such an excellent job i was beyond satisfied . if i could give her more stars i would . she is very sweet and very outgoing . she rocks ! . thank you michelle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and attractive accommodations . friendly staff as well . we stay at the holiday inn express a lot because they typically have a great breakfast bar . however , there was no bacon or sausage on the morning of 30 july ; bummer ! they did have sausage gravy , however .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "price gouging after holidays ... after driving go 15 hours wanted a nice clean place to rest our head ... the general manager refuse to try a work out s reasonable price . bad business ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after experiencing a fire alarm and getting no apology nor room credit ( about a year ago ) , i 'm happy to say i 'm back loving this stop again . angela and crystal have been a wonderful help to me as a frequent traveler . and they 're updating the hotel 's interior so it 's gon na get even better in the near future . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time staying at a holiday inn express . i have to say , i 'm actually floored by what we got for the money . we booked this hotel 2 hours before we got here . every member of the staff i dealt with was an absolute all star ! exceedingly friendly , helpful , and courteous . this is my 4th trip to the clt metro area , and the staff here is hands down one of the best i 've ever had the pleasure to interact with . the room was immaculate , pleasant smelling , and in top notch shape . the pool area is lovely , and the courtyard in the back provided me the perfect place to relax with a beer and cigar . should my travels bring me back to gastonia , i will definitely be staying here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roaches ... overpriced for an old dirty motel ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got stranded here for a night because of a car wreck , but i was pleasantly surprised when my room was wonderful ! my bathroom was also insanely clean ; i even took a bath ! also , quirky cute night staff woman was helpful and kind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` better than i expected '' rented this room for one night and have to say that it was better than i expected . the room was pretty clean and did n't show any signs of neglect . the bathroom was clean and stocked with the usual items like bath soap , shampoo , hair dryer , etc . the room had a small microwave , coffee maker , tv with cable and small refrigerator . the staff was very helpful and friendly . the continental breakfast was pretty good . wide variety of items . the sausage was a little under-cooked but everything was ok. we had a little challenge finding places to eat ( late in the evening ) close to the hotel . the gps had referred us to a couple of place that had closed . overall good experience and would stay there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the first time i have stayed at a hotel where i have n't felt safe . the hotel sits atop a hill over looking a field and the freeway . i went outside a few times in the evening , and there were questionable people just sitting in their cars in the parking lot . the hallways were dimly lit , and it just did n't feel safe . there is nothing special about the hotel , and not sure what else is in the neighborhood .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stayed here for a week in september . we were in a bind as my boyfriend had accepted a job in the area that claimed we could stay in their house for traveling interns . turned out to be disgusting so we scrambled to find someplace that would accept our 2 pets . hotel was clean , staff was extremely patient and very kind . room was average as to what you would expect . shower was outstanding . the only gripe would be the complimentary breakfast . not the greatest but otherwise we were really pleased . highly recommend for anyone with pets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here several times when on the road working and training at the kings mountain duke energy training center and its always been a great stay . the staff has always went above and beyond to accommodate our large group . they put on a smiling face and clean up after us like your mother would have and be honest some of you guys are like children and your room is a pig stye lol . i ca n't thank them enough and ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a pet friendly hotel late last night could n't find one in charlotte so had to stop in gastonia . i am soooooo glad i did easy check in . pleasant staff . very clean rooms . as an entomologist , first thing i always do is check fir bedbugs no matter where i 'm staying no problems here ! rooms were quiet . had a large flat screen tv not the smaller one in pictures on this site $ 25 pet fee was a little steep but clerk took $ 10 off room rate without me asking which was nice . breakfast area was spotless . food was hot . great eggs . sausage and fresh pancakes from a really cool machine that fascinated me there was enough grass around the hotel to make the dog happy . check out was easy and morning shift pleasant too . i will stay here again ! ( gretel the dog gives it 41 2 stars because there were no dog biscuits at check in like the days inn in wytheville va. ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice hotel . the location is a bit odd , kinda difficult to get to . but very clean , good breakfast and friendly staff . the elevator is a bit geeky when it stops , but that 's the only thing bad i have to say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bed was a bit stiff and i could n't drop the temperature in the room below 65 for some reason , i had to ask for soap ( soap ! ) everyday when i got back to my room because housekeeping did n't replace it , the staff was friendly - however the workout room and pool were n't exactly inviting . not the best holiday inn , not the worst either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wasted a collective total of about 1 1 2 hour on the phone and an hour on an in-person interview with these people . they made me all sorts of promises and said they would help me get a job but did n't even try . i returned all their calls and emails and they just played games with me . good at wasting your time , terrible at finding you some place to work . oh well , their loss .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "signature consultants is a useless recruiting agency . so far i have been contacted by 3 people . they sent me an e-mail with no information whatsoever about a job that they have expecting me to call them . why should i waste my time if i do n't even know what it 's about ? where is the job ? what is the job ? where is the description ? i have no intention to reply to them anymore because , even if i do , they do not reply back . there goes my 1 star review for a 100 % useless employment agency .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the are a peppering consulting firm . they have no idea who you are just call with jobs that are either not local , contract based , and worthless . they call just to meet a quota and to learn who you are and find you the right job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am really not a big fan of this metro . the selection is poor and limited and i usually only run in here if i just need an item or two . there 's been a few times where i 've 'settle ' for different products because they either did n't have what i wanted or were out of stock ... but when it looked like i was going to have to settle again on the third item , i 've put everything back and gone to loblaws . i find the layout frustrating but that could just be because i 'm not a regular shopper here . i will give them this though , their veggie trays and packaged salads are way cheaper than loblaws !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "24 hours and close to my house ! it 's expensive but always open to save your ass . people that come here at night look like zombies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convenient location . the renovations are done , but a little too dark for my taste . should have given more thought into the lighting . was hoping for a better selection of take out but it is basically the same old stuff . the quebec bakery beard is very good . still flip back and forth with the independent for emergencies . main shopping at farmboy or longo 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely an interesting little business , and one that can be a challenge to navigate . on the right , you have a bakery - which is often packed with people either picking up orders they have already placed , looking for new goodies to take out or what have you . on the left is the bar-b-q , and you have to weave your way past those sweet-seeking folks to get into the sit-down area ( or get something to go ) from there . the service is excellent , and quite friendly from both sides , it 's just a bit of a challenge is all . however , the best item on the menu is n't the barbecue - it 's good , but not great . the burgers and dogs were much tastier . even the other food looked good , and came out quick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this small town staple ! great menu , sweet staff and awesome owner ! they have good specials and one of my favs is the country style steak , mash pots and green beans ! yummmm i believe that one is wednesday 's special . only complaint is that the owner is a duke fan ! ! ! boooo haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well ... if the owner 's intent was to trade upon the varsity in atlanta 's fame and reputation , they failed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brilliant bbq joint . and when they say ultimate blt they mean it . family had ultimate blt , bbq sandwhich , deluxe burger and we loved it . service was tentative and kept drinks refilled . it 's a small bbq joint and as most southern bbq places it 'd a seat yoirself , so be ready to wait a few for a table to empty out . we went at lunch and waited o ly 5 minutes ... highly recommend varsity to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time while i was in ktown for a wedding . good bbq and great waitstaff . had to force myself not to indulge in the desserts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give 5 stars , the food is great . but , everytime i go through the drive through the never ever put any sauce with my 5lbs of bbq ! then i get home and have to drive back ten miles just to get the sauce then drive 10 miles back home putting me 20 miles out of my way ! i also love the oyster poboy and the last three times i got one i asked for extra tartar sauce i got home there was no tartar sauce no lettuce and no tomato just bread and oysters thus putting me 20 miles out of the way again ! my recommendation is if you 're going to eat there , eat inside ! do not i repeat do not go through the drive through unless you plan on parking and taking all your big bags of food apart every time ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice little place that gives you a lot of food for the price . everyone was so nice . i didnt get anything from the bakery but everything looked good . they had some good ice cream flavors too but i did not try any . i would like go back when they cook ribs and certain things they cook on the weekends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "country style steak lunch special with 2 sides for $ 7.15 was excellent ! great service and owner was walking around greeting everyone . attached bakery a bit pricey so we passed . too full anyway from large portions ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the ambiance begins to hint at a football game , it stops way too soon . i mention the ambiance before the food b c the food is that lackluster . plain . big thumbs up for small business , local business . just not my favorite for the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you will love this place great food and plenty of it . the servers are very attentive , fast and friendly.they have the best burgers in town.every thing is cooked to order and fast . the price for a 1 2 pound cheese burger lettuce , tomato , grilled onions , pickles , mayo and mustard on a 5 inch bun , fries and pickle aprx $ 6.25 . ca n't be bet or if you fancy a bar-b-q plate with fries , red or white slaw & 3 hushpuppies aprx $ 8.25 ( looked like about 1 pound of bar-b-q ) . and also a plus they have a drive thru for call in orders and there fast . so if your in town give it a try you will be pleased . the food dude . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i took our granddaughter and her husband for lunch to celebrate his birthday . it was the first time i had eaten there . we arrived around 1200 , and the dining room was crowded with happy diners . however , a table quickly opened . i ordered the oyster po ' boy sandwich with fried onion rings , homemade coleslaw , and homemade tartar sauce . my wife had the flounder sandwich . the quality of the food was impressive . the seafood was fresh and cooked to perfection , and the homemade coleslaw and tartar sauce were among the best i have ever eaten . patrons have to walk by the bakery to get to the dining area . although we did not partake of any baked goods , i was certainly tempted to do so . perhaps next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neat little down-home type place with generous portions and friendly staff . i 'll stop in again when i 'm passing through", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't stand this place . we went in to have just dessert and the guy helping us ( may have been the manager ) asked us where we had dinner . when we told him he then proceeded to slam the place ( really unprofessional and made us uncomfortable ) . we went ahead and ordered some pastries and as we were waiting we noticed fox news on every tv in the place . majorly turned us off again . then looking around at the people we noticed this one old guy with a nra hat on ... ..another `` ugh '' . most importantly though is our food sucked . cookies had an artificial taste , cream horn dry and the ice cream was very `` average '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good local spot for a casual no frills meal . good burgers and hot dogs with crinkle fries . the burgers are fresh hand made . the place could be kept much cleaner though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! fish is purchased locally and is so good ! my husband always gets the varsity deluxe burger . you ca n't go wrong with anything you order . grilled chicken salad is great , fried squash , country style steak on certain days . we go at least once a week and it 's always busy . they also have cherry lemon sundrop ! ice cream and the best cakes next door as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! a bakery on one side , bbq on the other ... two great places packed into one location ! my wife and i split a bbq platter and it was more than enough to fill up and save room for a couple scoops of ice cream after ! the chopped bbq is pork and cooked over hickory daily . it was tender and delicious . it came dry ( without sauce for you non-bbq aficionados ) but it was so moist ! they offer two choices of sauce , both vinegar based ; one sweeter and one worth more of a kick . we will definitely return when we 're in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious . bbq & ice cream p ? best combination . lunch is crowded but that 's to be expected in a small place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my daughter 's birthday cake here . it was horrible ! we literally threw it in the trash . the people are nice and helpful , but i 'll stick to sam 's next time for cake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great stuff ! i had the shrimp po'boy . shrimp was cooked perfect , well seasoned . get the tartar sauce , it 's wonderful . ice cream is great , and i thought well priced at 1.30 a scoop . i highly recommend this place . i 'll be trying it again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in the world ! great hometown decor ( especially if you like high school sports ) . chicken tenders and bbq are some of the best i have ever eaten . attached is a great bakery you can access when varsity is open even if the bakery is closed . prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you get . large bbq sandwich is almost enough for two come hungry and you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in and got the jumbo bbq sandwich fries and mac n cheese . everything was fantastic ! the food , service , and ice cream . for dessert i got a cookies n cream shake that was amazing ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "asked for sprinkles on my cone and she picked up a little spoon and sprinkled them on the top of the cone so there were only a few on it . everyone knows that 's not how it 's done . once i went to go pay it started to make sense . little sign that says . 15 cents extra for debit and 50 cents for credit . also notice there are almost no lights on the ice cream side . seems like someone it looking to save money but at the expense of the customer and the experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the chopped tray and red slaw were great . the sweet daddy 's sauce was a little sweet with the right touch of heat . hush puppies seemed really dry did n't care for them , could have just been a bad day . we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're just in town visiting for the night visiting this is absolutely the place to go . the only place in kannapolis concord that you can order the best meal you 've had in weeks and then turn around and have an entire bakery of fresh sweets at your fingertips . the atmosphere is extremely friendly and the owners even make their way around the place to visit with all of their customers . do n't be surprised if the place is packed when you arrive because it stays busy constantly . it 's a local favorite that has amazing food as well as genuine southern hospitality and i would recommend the varsity to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guillaume is a small little bakery that offers traditional french breads , sandwiches , and tea . when you step inside , you see shelves of different types of breads , all neatly organized within their respective racks . i tried a champignon choco blanc et vanille ( this was cutely shaped like a little mushroom , it had a subtle hint of sweetness , but there was n't much flavor to it ) , a regular croissant ( flaky and buttery , this was okay ) , and a croissant au fromage ( flaky and filled with cheese , this would have been more perfect if it was freshly-baked ; heating it up a little bit in the microwave helped , which also released some butteriness , and the filling of the cheese was nice and melty . the male employee in there was super sweet and friendly , and he was totally jamming to the trance track that was playing ahaha this is mostly a to-go place , but there is a small little bench if you want to rest for a bit before you go on your way . +friendly staff : d +variety of breads", "score": "3"}
{"review": "guillaume is just a great boulangerie . my partner and i happenstanced upon here while we were walking in the area , and the bread smelled and looked so delicious that we had to go get cash at an atm because it did n't take credit card . that extra bit of effort was definitely worth it . the boulangerie itself is very small , and can get packed pretty easily , but this is the kind of place that even locals go to because they know how good the brightest . plenty of variety of the bread , and it is made on site , as you can see from in front of the caisse . i definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only had the olive roll . it was fantastic . middle was olive oil perfection . lots of olives . went back the next day and they were sold out of everything by noon except croissant , which for some reason did not appeal to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am what you call ... a `` picky eater '' aka a snob ( which is demeaning , i just know what i love when i know it ! ) my favourite baguette place used to be this bakery opposite vielle europe on st laurent ( right next door to burger royal and moog audio ) . that placed closed and got replaced by a cafe . when i walked by that place in november 2013 and saw the sigh of doomed business in montreal , the dreaded brown paper of doom , my heart sank coz my favourite baguettes were taken away from me . enter boulangerie guillaume , after being suggested this place . i walk in , buy a baguette , be charming and off i go . i now have a new fav baguette joint : d i am not a snob , i am a simple man with simple tastes . and that taste has to be hella awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh god . i love this bakery . if i could have bread everyday i would have it from this bakery . honestly , all of their breads are amazing ! they have cheese and fig bread , vanilla brioches , almond croissants ... etc but if you enter here , you have to get their savory breads . the servers personally seem to recommend the white chocolate and vanilla champignon which is pretty good but not what i think is the best . i personally love the cheese and fig bread which i thought was peculiar at first but it is very addicting -- it 's savoury and yet slightly sweet at the same time . i also highly recommend the potato-cheese bread as well . overall , the quality of their breads are amazing and you wo n't regret coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went back again , this time for the almond croissant . let me tell you the croissant was as flavorful as it was aromatic . they have a layer of almond paste and sliced almonds in the middle . i went nuts over this dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , the best of # mtl # montr\u00e9al # breadporn . for french bread this is the place . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely try the nut baguette ( starting on the wednesday ) . all sweet buns are very creative and good to try . other hit : figs and strong cheddar cheese bread is to die for . grad one when walking on the main ( near corner of laurier and st-laurent )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an amazing bakery , i would n't go here if you are looking for pastries but if you are in the mood for amazing bread , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bread in montreal , lots of variety , and deliciousness . not much else to say . go early , or face empty shelves of disappointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great great place to get baked goods . individual buns with cheese and nuts , or baguettes and desserts . industrial , but hip setting feels like hanging out in a coffee shop in brooklyn . i tried a beet bun and a butter tart for dessert . cheaper than most supermarket chains you wo n't be disappointed with any choice you make .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to try the best my fav from guillaume bakery try these : mushroom , fig and walnut bread , quinoa bread , sea salt ciabatta ! ! ! one of the best bakeries in montreal for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je viens de d\u00e9couvrir cette boulangerie totalement ... .fabuleuse ! la foccacia aux olives ... .un r\u00eave ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the apple bun with caramel was amazing ! staff was very friendly and allowed us to take our time picking several different pastries to sample . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "de plus en plus de boulangeries ouvrent \u00e0 montr\u00e9al pour mon plus grand bonheur de fran\u00e7aise accro au pain ( et \u00e0 toute autre forme de p\u00e2tisserie , viennoiserie , pains ... ) . bon , j'avoue que je serre les dents tr\u00e8s souvent en voyant le prix de ma baguette pain au levain pain de campagne mais bon , quand la qualit\u00e9 est l\u00e0 , je ferme les yeux . aussi , apr\u00e8s plusieurs d\u00e9ceptions , j'entre chez guillaume et ressort heureuse . le pain au levain go\u00fbte le pain au levain de chez nous ! par contre , comme toute bonne boulangerie , guillaume est tr\u00e8s convoit\u00e9 et est souvent en rupture de stocks \u00e0 la fin de la journ\u00e9e ( surtout l'\u00e9t\u00e9 ! ) . mais guillaume est super sympa , tu peux l'appeler pour r\u00e9server tes choses ! il te les mettra de c\u00f4t\u00e9 avec plaisir et tu pourras \u00eatre s\u00fbre de go\u00fbter \u00e0 ses d\u00e9licieuses brioches au chocolat blanc ( par exemple ) . du coup mon cher guillaume , je te dis \u00e0 tout bient\u00f4t , avec tendresse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aller chez guillaume c est comme la citation de oscar wilde : `` la meilleure fa\u00e7on de r\u00e9sister \u00e0 la tentation c est d'y c\u00e9der '' et en parlant de tentation leurs \u00e9pis temari ont bien eu raison de moi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the apple pie taste very buttery , it just feels like melting as soon as you bite , it has many layers of taste the crust then its the melting apple pur\u00e9e inside great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love this boulangerie ... so many choices ... everything so delicious ... loved the white chocolate mushroom..sumac beet bread ... the baguet , cheese potatoe bread", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going from jean talon market to schwartz for lunch , my mom and i took a long walk and stopped by this delicious looking bakery on the way ! we got an almond croissant , apple bun and white chocolate bun . not trying these until after dinner , the baked goods were all a bit soft but still so delicious . the almond croissant was jam packed with so many almonds , not too sweet but still a good flavour ! i absolutely adore almonds so i loved this and was not overwhelmed by butter or sugar yet . the white chocolate bun was also delicious ! similar to a brioche , it was a nice fluffy texture and had plenty of white chocolate goodness ! the apple bun on the other hand was a little too glazed and sweet sticky making it very heavy . did n't taste much apple in it either but overall , the bag of treats made for a great dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bread in the city . hands down . come here 2-3 times per week . i highly recommend the baguette , batard noix de grenobles and fougasse aux olives . but honestly everything is phenomenal . go , now , you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je viens de d\u00e9couvrir leurs produits vari\u00e9s . je recevais et une amie a apport\u00e9 plusieurs produits . les diff\u00e9rents pains et p\u00e2tisseries sont \u00e0 se rouler par terre tellement c'est bon . j'adore et je sais que je vais y retourner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 ) arrive super early in the morning 2 ) buy a dozen croissants 3 ) enjoy ! imo , the best bakery in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you fellow yelpers for helping me discover this place . i 've been 3 times in the last few weeks and tell everyone i know about how great the bread here is . oh but wait there 's more ! the other baked goods ( white chocolate champignon , chocolatine , croissants , to name a few ) are incredible as well . everything i 've had is great and this place is definitely worth a visit . i went before 9am today and was able to get everything i wanted , so go early or possible leave disappointed . beet and sumac bread is a must ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on est tellement en manque de bonnes boulangeries \u00e0 montr\u00e9al que lorsque l'on trouve une on s'y accroche ! mon mari est fou de leurs champignons choco blanc et moi de leur fougasse aux olives ! je mets 4 5 parce que \u00e7a c'est cher , des fois c'est de moindre qualit\u00e9 et parce que j'ai trouv\u00e9 des noyaux d'olives dans deux ciabatta ... toutefois , j'y reviens minimum une fois semaine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was packed full of people who were just here to grab a baguette . that tells you something about the quality of the bread here . waiting for our brunch table , we stopped by for coffees and ended up also grabbing an almond croissant and a cheese+fig loaf thing . both were really , really good . it also smelled so delicious in here , i wanted to eat everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'aime bien cette boulangerie mais leurs croissants ne sont pas aussi bons qu'ils devraient \u00eatre , surtout consid\u00e9rant les autres boulangeries aux alentours . ils sont comme un peu caoutchouteux , et cette caract\u00e9ristique est l\u00e0 depuis leur tout d\u00e9but ou presque . par contre ils ont un choix de pain int\u00e9ressant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "les champignons une merveille et leur croissant au fromage , pain au chocolat , un peu de france \u00e0 montr\u00e9al , mais un concurrent au top , m\u00e9rite une petite \u00e9toile au michelin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gr\u00e2ce au bouquin de claire bouchard et chantelle grandy ( d\u00e9vorer montr\u00e9al ) on va se faire un plaisir gourmet de tester toutes leurs r\u00e9f\u00e9rences , et oh ! que c'est magique chez boulangerie guillaume ! on a aim\u00e9 , le pain aux figues , les petits pains \u00e0 la betterave , les croissants fermes et dodus ( on est fans \u00e0 toute heure de la journ\u00e9e ) . un petit coup de c\u0153ur de boulangerie sur saint-laurent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guillame is clearly a mainstay in the montreal bakery scene . they put out well-executed breads and pastries in an impressive variety . i got the crossaint and the almond croissant . i really liked the almond croissant . i thought it had tons of almonds , a great touch of sweetness , and a nice helping of butter in there . this was my favorite of the two . the croissant was good , but not great . it was a bit too bready , did n't have quite a soft enough bite , and needed a more buttery flavor profile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "que dire , leurs champignons au chocolat blanc sont \u00e0 tomber par terre tout simplement . ils ont \u00e9norm\u00e9ment de choix que ce soit pour les gourmandises sucr\u00e9es ou le pain . de toute \u00e9vidence le meilleur boulanger du quartier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the mushroom shaped sweet bread . it 's made of vanilla . they have a lot of fun bakery items . cool staff gave us helpful suggestions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect spot to grab a fluffy treat ! i had a almond croissant and it was delicious ! buttery , light , fluffy and just the right amount of crunch . i was able to grab a big loaf of bread to bring home for dinner . within minutes of our arrival there was 15-20 locals there . only downside was the lack of caffeinated beverages - i was expecting a espresso machine - & they did n't even have coffee . there is n't any seating inside , it 's mostly bakery with a small customer area to view the baked goods . but there were some small coveted benches outside . if you 're in the area stop in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bakery is special and delicious . as good as it gets , and in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this the right spot for you to grab a coffee and some nice bakery goods . in the afternoon , the croissant is only a dollar . one more very impressive thing is that they have cube sugar . i believe it 's not common but i love that ancient wild way to put my sugar . cozy tiny place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was just okay . remind me of a big chain bakery , where they have a lot of selections to choose from . i tried many items here : mini chocolate croissant ( this was ok ) cheese and fig bread ( this was different , sweet and savory pleasantly good ) apple sticky bun ( too sweet and extremely chewy ) brioche vanilla ( soft and the kids enjoyed ) almond and cinnamon croissant ( this was ok )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having spent a few months in france , this place was underwhelming by comparison . it is true that they have a very wide assortment of baked goods . some of the less traditional things have the bread flavor unpleasantly overwhelmed by additions ( ie the seeded mini-rolls ) . i had my favorite item , the baguette levain , and it was passable but not great -- -the texture was a bit chewy at the expense of the crust , and the flavor seemed to value sour over depth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super tasty - highly recommend the apple maple bun and the pizza . go early to avoid the lines , as there was quite a queue when we were here on a saturday morning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "les meilleurs pains du plateau . les prix sont tr\u00e8s raisonnables . fougasses , miches , pain raisin , miel noisettes . vous devez manger un croissant \u00e0 la frangipane , c'est un pur d\u00e9lice . le service est super et rapide .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grande fan de pain ayant grandi dans une boulangerie , je peux vous dire que vous ne serez pas d\u00e9\u00e7us ici ! mon coup de coeur , le `` champignons au chocolat blanc '' , une brioche tendre et moelleuse qui fond dans la bouche . les croissants et pains sont tout aussi d\u00e9licieux !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice bakery on st. laurent , with an incredible array and selection of breads . they also have a nice selection of sandwiches and pastries ; the ecolier is a chocolate bread and the almond croissant is also good but quite sweet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pour moi le `` buns '' est un peu trop sucr\u00e9 et collant mais en contre partie , le pain figues , noisettes miel est juste super bon ! ! ! ! j'ai h\u00e2te d'essayer les autres pains ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stiil in my not-so-humble opinon , the best bread in town . loved their bread before , love it now . introduced my fussy supercook baker canner sister to the place when they were at their old location , and she 's hooked too ! super bakery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pastries at a great price . had the almond frangipane croissant , so amazing , not too sweet . also had a plain croissant , perfectly done . mini chocolate croissant was great as well . loved the white chocolate mushroom and was pleasantly surprised by the sweet , but not too sweet flavor and delightful texture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smell good , all product are visible and easy to choice . big windows , terrasse agreable \u00e0 cot\u00e9 pour deguster une brioche ou autre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a must place for good varieties of pastries ! good value and cool industrial loft design . kudos to the designer . the dough making in the front window is a big plus for chef and customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'adore cet endroit ! depuis que j'ai d\u00e9couvert cette boulangerie , je n'ach\u00e8te plus de pain ailleurs . c'est vraiment bon , et en plus , le personnel est super gentil et accueillant . 10 10 , merci guillaume !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so many croisants so little time . mmmm . do n't judge me , but i ordered a 2 cheese , 2 plain , 1 marzipan croisants , 1 apple bun danish thing , a small veg pizza and an olive panini bread . except for the panini and 1 croisant everything was gone in one sitting . ok. ok . i had a little help , but i 'm sure i ate most of that . the lineup can be quite long , and if you are a first timer it can be a little overwellming . there 's a lot to choose from and not much space to maneuver inside . do try the pizza , if just for the bread . i 'm planning another trip to this place , but only after my next blood test ! butter heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bart and his team were very quick to respond to , and very helpful in dealing with , my emergency situation . they were professional and courteous at all times and a pleasure to deal with . they understood and addressed all of my concerns . i feel bart and his team went the extra mile to make sure my situation was fully and properly resolved . if i were to ever experience a water intrusion issue in future i definitely would call upon them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only company i trust to enter not just my home but i trust enough to recommend to my friends and family . dependable , reliable & kind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i knew exactly who and which company to call when my condo flooded . bart and his team handled the disaster as quickly as possible , always professional and kind . i would trust and choose them over any other company . they were the first ones to respond when i was panicking with water everywhere and time was of the essence ! my heroes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` at the end of the day i am thankful that my blessings are bigger than my problems . '' it can be incredibly difficult to find a well tailored suit for in an athletic cut . fortunately , ted baker london carries a great line of suites that follow european sizes that include very slim lines . ted baker can be on the expensive side though . this outlet location eases sticker shock immensely . they offer some of the same products you would find in the full-price locations , as well as older items that are not from the current season 's offerings at significantly reduced prices . add on some black friday savings and you can really get some amazing , high-quality items at a much discounted price . then again , your love may make you wait till christmas to wear some of your goods ... but trust me , it 's worth it ! kenny was our salesperson on our most recent round of visits and was incredibly friendly and helpful . certainly see if he 's available if you stop in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this truly is a real outlet store . not a store which says outlet , but has merchandise made for just the outlet . its not a huge store , but the shirts i saw on the rack were actually from the retail store . a shirt i got stephen for $ 165 was marked down to $ 75 , and in pristine condition . they even have the `` final clearance '' rack for an additional 50 % off , so you can get a shirt as low as $ 35 . unfortuantely they were slim pickings . ted baker clothes run slim and they have their own clothing `` conversion '' chart . my stephen is normally a medium for places like banana republic , but a `` medium '' at tb is a 4 , slightly snug for him . a 5 fits perfect , and a had a nice fitted look . we walked out of this ted outlet with 3 short sleeve shirts , 1 long sleeves and i found a vip outlet coupon book for 20 % off , so 1 of the shirts was `` free '' . ca-ching !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a store that will make you look and feel like a queen . i fell in love with their design and even bought matching shoes and purses to match my outfit ! sometimes it is nice to just go in and browse all the pretty outfits they have in store ! good quality all around ! service is always excellent and they will help you find the perfect outfit for any occasion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "selection , more than anything , was the main draw at this medium-sized store . ted baker can be relatively hard to find , so was great to browse everything together . plenty of pretty dresses in ted baker 's punchy style . good selection of clutches and accessories as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you have ben and thomas in your closet , you got ta have ted ! love this store ! just the fact that discounted compared to a `` regular '' ted baker store . i 'd give it a four star if they have men 's watches . they do n't carry men 's watches because they always sell out at the regular store . boo !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "1 ) nicest salespeople in the world . i do n't mean hovering over your shoulder and asking to take your things to your fitting room every 5 seconds . just people who are cool , young , constantly make jokes , and are helpful to your shopping . 2 ) only ted baker outlet in the country . 3 ) wide variety of styles that are n't crappy . most of the other high-end stores at this outlet have way worse and way more boring stuff than normal ( theory , i 'm looking straight at you ; maxstudio , you were pretty terrible too ) . the clothes are n't worse than anywhere else ; just 2 seconds out of season . 4 ) i scored a really unique $ 300 dress for $ 70 ! p.s . if you 've never shopped here before , the sizing is a little strange . 0 = xs , 1 = s , 2 = m , 3 = l , 4 = xl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love teddy b ! ! ! i find something every time i set foot in this store , from my fabulous teal wool toggle coat to my newest herringbone dress shirt ( not to mention the hottest pair of black leather knee-high boots ) . the prices are actually very reasonable when compared to the retail store , and the quality is impeccable . the detail in each piece ( you name it - the seams , the quality of the fabric , and especially the linings ) makes their clothes worth every pretty penny . i always receive compliments when i wear my ted baker spoils . and if that all is n't fabulous enough for you , they offer their clients the ted-tini , which is a satisfying concoction of grapefruit juice and sapphire gin . i 'm just waiting for one to crop up somewhere here in cali ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great and friendly . not pushy at all . selection was pretty good and the deals are pretty impressive . take advantage of the additonal sales that 's tacked on the markdowns . you can find some great gems in thar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "egads ! even at outlet prices this place is still too posh posh for me ! i always get so amused by the fanged-pigs at the santana row location in san jose that i had to poke my head in to see if there was anything worth splurging on . nope ... unless you want to buy a pair of flaming pointy heels in a funky leather !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay shop . prices are expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love love love ted baker ! well , let me tell how i feel about ted baker : i love it ! i came shopping here for a conference i had to go to ( the same one that sent me to br ) and i actually had tons of success here . first of all , the salespeople were awesome ! every ted baker i 've gone to has been exceptional , and this one is no different . sometimes outlets let the standard fall , but not this one ! i came in , tried on some stuff and the fitting room girl was awesome about getting me sizes . they even steamed my dress for me while i made a starbucks run since i knew that i was n't going to see this dress again until i wore it at my conference . also , this dress had crazy pleating on it and ted baker put a raw seam through it to keep it in place until i wore it . got ta love that attention to detail ! thank ted baker , i 'll be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the clothes are expensive but in my opinion , it is worth it . put something on and you will see . everything looks nice and even though the tag says 100 % cotton , it feels like silk . i picked up a new suit and a french cuff shirt for about $ 420 . it is not bad for what you are getting . it can be difficult to get your size . this is an outlet which is why stock is very limited . they have a nicest sales people ever but they can get distracted when the place gets busy . but they are super helpful if you need anything and they offered me and my gf martinis and free stuff while we were there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the store ! i bought 3 pairs of shoes for 80 each . all three are ankle boots . can not be more comfortable and stylish . they also have a pair of killer tall boots for 80 . but i had to stop or i would buy the whole store . definitely for those who are into european styles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the costumer service here is phenomenal . i asked one of there employees , gabi , to help me find my size . she initially went to the backroom and found that my size was n't available . she noticed that i really like the pair of pants so she went above and beyond and checked the orders that just arrive.. hold and behold , my size was there gabi was pleasant and nice to me the whole time . she made my day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only am i addicted to the t.b store ( in costa mesa & bevery hills in cali ) , i was in heaven last week at their outlet . i ended up stopping by 2x ( once with the bf and once w o ) . spent way too much money but i loved every moment . wish i could come back for more and more but the 4 hr drive is dreadful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . wow . triple wow . my favorite designer at amazing prices ? yes please . my only question - why are n't you closer to me ? ? beautiful $ 800 suits for $ 350 . $ 200 shirts for $ 80 . the quality of the material and products at this store is unmatched by most retailers these days . on top of that , the staff is on point . not too pushy - allowed my wife and i to discuss colors and preferences without interruption . they were however , right there when i needed a size or advice about fit . their apparel is fabulous and at outlet pricing it 's a sin not to stop in here and treat yourself.. or indulge yourself if you shop like i do ! = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you need trendy shirts ted baker offer cools dress shirts that fits well for asians . i bought 6 dress shirts for work to update my work wardrobe . euro dress shirts fit better for my slim frame . the width and arm length were perfect ! the customer service of the staff were excellent as well . especially gabe , she was very helpful in working with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming here to buy their wallets and accessories from men it is always affordable and fashionable . they do have suits and messenger bags too . i love ted baker style and there shoes are so nice and colorful . the service in here are nice they are willing to help you check for the price and find a brand new wallet in the back also . also do n't forget to puchase the 10 dollar coupon book in the main office and theres a coupon for this store saying purchase 300 bucks or more there is 20 % off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband got 3 suits for $ 800 tax in and i got a purse they still had at the full price store for 70 % less !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over-the-top wonderful experience . perfect service and delicious food freshly made to order . perhaps the best meal we had during our visit to scotland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great indian meal here with a chicken rogan josh and some tandoori prawns . was unexpectedly good and there were quite a few groups there so obviously popular with the locals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant does not even deserve one star . i was craving real somosas and instead i got 3 undercooked , tasteless triangle looking god knows what . who even serves samosas with salad ? ! whatever happened to eating samosas with chutni . i was not impressed with the meals either . this was probably the worst decision i made during my visit to scotland .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved this spot ! we dropped in , looking for something new . saw the ratings and had to stop in . they were so friendly and the complimentary muffins for being first-timers were so yummy ! my son had biscuits and gravy and they were fresh and hot . my boyfriend had the same w a side of corned beef and hash . i had the popeye omelette . everything was really good . we 'll definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have quite a few tattoos , so we expect to be treated a little differently sometimes . but when we walked into this place , no one wanted to serve us , and when someone finally did , she acted very much like we were not welcome . after a bit , no one came to refill my coffee so my husband asked if i could get some more and the waitress scoffed at him like it would be an inconvenience for her to do so . that was the final straw . i left $ 20 on the table to pay for our order and we left . ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is quant and cozy . the service was fantastic , husband and wife team . super friendly and food was good . biscuits and gravy where delish , and love they made me iced coffee . the price was really great . they have daily specials . i appreciate a mom and pop place , they work hard to build a customer base . this place is well on its way , only opened in nov. 2015 . so give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good reviews were accurate . my wife and i went in for lunch . you ca n't get any better prices . the food was fine , especially for the cost . the service was great ! i ca n't say the food wowed me but it was a really good experience . try it out and see for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you have n't had a burger and fires until you had one of theirs . stopped in today after a friend told me about their burgers . i have to say they have the best burgers and fires ! got ta luv real burgers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend terri recomended this place for breakfast . the coffee was great ! biscuits and gravy yum . but their country potatoes are the star of that restaurant ! it a new mom and pop place so let 's get out and support them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a cute local restaurant with awesome food . have gone here many times for breakfast . bacon and biscuits and gravy are to die for . service is very friendly and quick and the place is very clean . a definite place to try next time you are looking for a great breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister and her friend were in town from denver and i wanted to try this place , after reading good reviews . we went in for lunch . my sister ordered some chicken tenders . i ordered a burger , and tho other woman ordered something that i do n't remember . the chicken tenders were from frozen , i think , and my sister disliked them . her salad was not fresh either . my burger was just okay . i was very disappointed to take my sister here . the server was nice , and he knew we were not very happy , and he discounted the meal . i will not be going there again . it was below average .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place- it 's a hidden gem ! staff is amazing food is great -and inexpensive ! i 'm picky and i love this place ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here because of the reviews , nothing special to rave about , the place is clean and the people were friendly . food was ok . very reasonable prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great local breakfast joint ! sunday morning and the other restaurants looked like an hour wait , so decided to try joyfull , glad we did ! country fried steak was great amazing batter and done fresh there . biscuits and gravy was top notch too . gravy was nice and thick with a ton of sausage in it ! inexpensive great feeling and tasting local cafe ! we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had breakfast monday morning very good food had ham omelet with country potatoes rye toast . service excellent will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great restaurant . my wife and i tried this place because it was in walking distance . everything we ordered was tasty and you can tell it 's all homecooked and not just from frozen . the restaurant was also very clean and the staff is friendly . overall just a pleasant dinning experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i decided to try this new restaurant that opened up november 2015 . this is a very friendly restaurant where everyone is greeted when they walk in . my husband tried the sausage biscuits and gravy which he stated were very good and fresh . i tried the build your own omelette which was so good my granddaughter wanted to try it . nope not sharing . my granddaughter got a children 's pancake that she loved . now my son who is a very good cook got eggs poached along with his chicken fried steak said they were cooked perfectly . so the best part besides how great the food and staff are is their pricing . come on in and try them out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will start off with the fact that we were on a time limit , we had just under an hour to eat so we did n't have time to sit around and wait . the waitress was awkward and very uno servant and it took us 45 minutes to get out food . a large party got their food before we did which was frustrating . the portions were small , but was expected for the price . but the food did taste good at least , that 's why i give it 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there this morning with my wife for some breakfast after seeing someone on the sidewalk with a sign . we were sat down quickly and received our drinks . we ordered pancakes and biscuits and gravy . before the food arrived , both my wife and i noted the music was a bit odd . it was really odd sounding christmas music with someone almost screaching . the pancakes were normal regular pancakes . nothing special . the biscuits and gravy was a different story . the biscuit was plain . the gravy was not good . although it was sausage gravy , it was sweet . i 've never had sweet gravy . if it was n't sweet , it probably would have been better . the other thing - it appeared to be old . the gravy was starting to separate . our server left halfway through our meal and another server took over . overall it was disappointing and we will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a joyful place ! bright , friendly staff , pleasant atmosphere , local art adorn the walls and good home cooking . had breakfast there this morning , ordered pancakes and eggs , we did n't want the meat so they knocked $ 2 off ! will go again and definitely recommend it . it 's so nice to have a cafe in our neighborhood that is n't a chain but the passion of an individual . susan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service ... . not a friendly place at all if you do n't fit their theme ... would not recommend to people who live in the immediate area ... other places with better food and no judgmental attitudes ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a quiet , hidden breakfast gem ! the service was amazing and very accommodating for our group of 15 . very fair prices for the amount of food . the side of diced potatoes are to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if this was just about the clothes , this would be a four star review . good selection , updated , great lines . this place gets a one star for the horrible attitude of the manager , andrea . not only is she arrogant , she is rude , indifferent , inflexible , and cares very little about repeat business and client goodwill . further , the shop 's return exchange policy is shit . with the store quickly becoming redundant due to revitalization of holts , the bay and new boutiques , why would you shop here when you can pay full retail at a place with a customer focused business model ? if there 's something you ca n't get elsewhere , just try it on at shop nyla and then buy it on amazon and save yourself 50 % . if this was anywhere but toronto , this store would have disappeared long ago ... elsewhere , there 's no room for poor attitude and poor customer policies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like the clothing lines this store carries but will never go back . the last tiime i was there my friend and i were treated so rudely it was almost like a parody of terrible shopgirl attitude . coincidentally the two of us had just returned from l.a. where we had been pleasantly surprised by the warm and helpful staff at the high-end , dare i say trendy , stores we visited like james perse and rag and bone . so it made the nyla experience feel even a little more amateurville . as one example , my friend asked if there was a size 8 in some espadrilles and the sales woman pointed at a pile behind a clothing rack and grunted `` there '' . we were so shocked at this bizarre response that we actually laughed out loud . to my regret i bought a top and shoes . love like the merch but never again . too bad about the humans in the store as it 's a good location and i 'm sure they would have a nice business of returning clientele if they were more pleasant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this shop near rosedale ttc . the area that 's here caters more to middle-aged women who are into those hilary clinton-esque suits that have big straight-legged pants and immaculate matching jackets . this is the one store in the area that caters to a younger crowd . equipment silk shirts everywhere ( ~ $ 250 ) , cute dvf blouses , simple silk shirts and shifts , lovely knits ( pricey of course , in the $ 500 range ) , dvf heels ( i prefer thrifted manolos ) , and lots of jeans , particularly j brand . i 'd definitely come back to peruse their sale rack , where i scored a lovely dvf top for just under 50 % off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belle installation et bonne gestion des pistes . remonte efficace pour une journ\u00e9e f\u00e9ri\u00e9e durant les temps des f\u00eates . l'achat des billets en ligne est facile et efficace . d'ailleurs , vous pouvez toujours acheter les billets d\u00e8s votre arriv\u00e9e via votre t\u00e9l\u00e9phone intelligent pour obtenir un rabais . pentes de divers niveaux , mais pour les snowboarders et skieurs avanc\u00e9s , vous risquez de vous \u00e9coeurer rapidement . par contre \u00e0 moins d'une heure de montr\u00e9al , c'est un beau resort pour aller faire du sport . en plus , c'est ouvert le soir .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 're quite lucky to be in montreal and to have a place where we can ski and hike in about an hour of time . i would n't be able to tell about the ski conditions of this year since i have n't been up north but i heard this year was a little bit tough due to the global warming . it 's an awesome place to visit , not huge but enough to be part of for a day.friendly place for people of all ages , yes , also for kids ! i would n't know much about the hotel prices because i usually stay at our chalet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "la montagne de ma jeunesse , bcp de piste , c'est une montagne pour interm\u00e9diaire et d\u00e9butant.un peu dispendieux mais fort agr\u00e9able . il y a des belle grande piste pour le carving . lapr\u00e8s ski rock.7 10", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le num\u00e9ro de t\u00e9l\u00e9phone est erron\u00e9 c plut\u00f4t 450 227-4671 phone number is wrong it 's 450 . 227-4671", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely beautiful ! i came here by recommendation from a friend for my photography class . i was amazed by how serene it felt . cute little pathway that walks up to a stream and structure that looks weirdly incredible . take in the views day or night but you can really enjoy the architecture at night when it lights up and tinkles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it advertises on sites like it 's a monument or something but it 's just the entrance to what looks like a cool community . my family and i stopped here via the roadtrippers app on our trip out to sedona . such a cool spot . we got there after sunset so it was dark , but the path is well lit and the scenery is still beautiful at night . there were some pretty incredible thunder and lightening storms taking place miles away and the view from the top was spectacular . a must see for anyone passing through .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not being from the area i did n't know what to do in phoenix so of course i jumped on yelp and the good ol world wide web and found this tower to visit . it was cute and a nice little detour on our journey but we went during the day so there was n't too much going on . i would probably try to come back at night if i had a chance to do it over again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . i live around the corner and went here for the first time 2 weeks ago . it is an authentic british pub with the decor to match . i 've had the fish and chips and a chicken and goat cheese sandwich which were both excellent . the best thing there is the homemade french fries and gravy . service was excellent . the staff is very friendly and the drinks are cold . very good option for a family dinner or a quick lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service very good . food is definitely in house made . very fresh . delicious . will definitely return . definitely worth trying . daily specials every day ! pints very reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply put the food was only a small good . i had the beef mushroom pot pie . no real issues but it was simple tasteless . our server was a very nice young lady that very attentive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "popped in here for lunch yesterday because i was in the area . i ordered a footlong # 1 on white bread ( ham , salami , capicolla , pepperoni & provolone cheese ) ... .see pics . it was lunch time and i thought it would take a while to make the sammie ... .but it did n't take them long . unfortunately , the sammie did n't taste all that good . i do n't know , it was kind of bland and was light on the toppings . it 's strange because i usually enjoy a port of subs sandwich . maybe i caught them on an off day . overall , i was n't satisfied with my meal . return factor - 30 %", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i generally use yelp to discover new places that have good reviews . i 'm actually writing one of my first reviews because of how disappointed i am . i love port of subs but i really hate this location . i came in today to get a sandwich which seriously had barely any meat on it . compared to the price i was not pleased at all . i bought a large # 18 to share with my friend and the sandwich was all lettuce . i 'm not normally one to complain because i am a hairdresser and i understand the struggle of having customers that you can not please no matter what you do . but this was seriously displeasing . i will keep my business at the village square port of subs in summerlin . where they do n't jip you on meat just because they 're too busy talking to their coworker .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i are here every weekend before we run our errands . the quality of the food is always good and the employees do a good job of making sandwiches . however , the manager has a horrible attitude and projects it on her staff . we see it every weekend and it 's such a bummer . i 've never seen her smile , and the way she barks her words out is inappropriate for a customer service setting . i hate leaving a bad review on a place we frequent so often but i wish her attitude would change . horrible for the customers but more importantly , horrible for the employees that have to be around bad leadership all day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just saw the owner manager verbally berate her whole staff in front of the entire restaurant . most unprofessional thing i 've seen in any restaurant or retail environment . i feel bad for the staff- they were providing great service on christmas eve ! i see there 's other negative feedback on here about her -- corporate should step in because she 's a bad representation of their brand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never walked out of a port of subs before this . i love pos . my auto correct knows port of subs ! ! you almost ca n't mess it up because the ingredients are amazing and fresh and they are a great company , but this one , in summerlin is atrocious . the manager there i have never had a good experience with . i work across the street so i have used this pos many times , and each time , she is too fast and does n't listen and is rude and rushing . she sneezed on food today , and said nothing , she messed up my sandwich and tried to fix it and failed instead of remaking it . i was so grossed out that i walked out before it was even finished or wrapped up . i have had it . things like this have happened every time i have gone there . love love love pos . fire that manager tho..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my frequent stops when i want a sub . i like how they slice the meat and cheese fresh to order . i usually order the turkey and pastrami when i go here . they make pretty good subs , as far as sub shops go . the staff is very friendly at this location . they also have an iphone app to order ahead of time so you wo n't have to wait in line to order . i would recommend you try this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "picked up some port-o yesterday and ordered my usual # 5 smoked turkey , ham and cheese . the bread unfortunately was a little stale and they barely put any meat on it . i never really had any issues when i 've been to other locations . anyways , i ordered the combo with chips and a drink . the soda machine is like this crazy handy dandy futuristic machine that looks like it would be able to grab the cup out of your hand , fill it up and say thank you have a nice day . pretty cool . with three people working , the customer service lacked a little bit of friendly but hey all i want is a sandwich and go -not any big conversations anyway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for me to waste my time writing a review , the service had to have been awful . i have gone to this location several times , and last night wednesday july 13 was not a good experience . whoever the young african american girl was working that night is absolutely horrible ! not one bit friendly , she seems like she hates her job , and makes you feel like you are inconveniencing her . here is some advice , if you do n't like your job , then find a new one ... preferably one where you never have to deal with customers seeing how you are not a people person . i will never go back to that location again . i would rather drive to one 20 min out of my way where i can receive good service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the manager who i am guessing is the franchisee is the most consistently rude , bland and unfriendly person i have ordered from from any fast food chain . today was the last day i 'm willing to be treated like that . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just couldnt have any worse time while i was there . i was given the wrong change and then they argued to me about it for an hour and then i found the bread to be old and kinda flaky .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent sandwich , quick service ( it was busy so of course you 're going to wait a little ) but overall demeanor of staff was poor . the manager was pretty horrible to the other staff during the rush so it 's no wonder why no one seemed happy or welcoming . theres really no excuse to treat your staff that horribly , esp in front of customers . if they had someone in charge that make the atmosphere more pleasant they would be 5 stars easily .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go to pos a fairly decent amount . this is probably my most visited location since i work across the street . the food is good . always fresh , lettuce is always crispy unlike some locations . the staff is knowledgable and in over 3 years have never messed my order up . they also have one of those mix machines where u can customize your drink so that 's a favorite . the cons are really something that they do n't control but have to be addressed . the area it 's at is filled with several business offices . this means early in the morning and at lunchtime it gets super busy and the wait to get your sandwich is ridiculous . it also is a giant pain in the a to park . there 's also times on the weekend when there 's summerlin events goin on and seating is hard to get to . quick roundup : if you go at most times , you 'll have a 5 star experience , but at peak periods it drops down to a 3 star", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i was 15 i got my first job at a california based sandwich shop . since moving to lv i have never really been satisfied with sandwich shop options because they did n't match up to my ca favorite . i do believe i can say port of subs comes pretty damn close . their prices are very reasonable . the food is fresh and consistent and they slice the meat to order . this location has a great staff . they are busy at lunch because of the offices around the neighborhood . you can expect to wait from noon till about 1:30 , however the line moves quick . i appreciate that they have everyone manning a station and everyone knows their responsibilities so there is n't a delay . my favorite is # 8 - turkey and provolone or # 18 - turkey , roast beef and provolone . you can order online also . if you have a big order , place it online : ) i 'll certainly be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to be a waitress so of all people i 'm the most understanding of the craziness in the food business , but my visit here was so disappointing . there were 4 people working with only one customer in front of me . it took maybe a minute just to be acknowledge as i stood there just staring at them . i was n't greeted nicely either , there was no hey how are you ? it was just what can i slice for you . i asked for wheat and i got white . since i got a small i asked for little mayo and i got a giant glob . i understand feeling like you have the worst job ever , however , at least have some sort of personality and be nice please .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although the sandwich is very good , when your taking out you want them to work a little fast , the employees worked very slowed paced and my italian griller is super flat not a little toasted but completely flat ... . not to mention the manager getting mad at her employee , i like a friendly environment when i go to eat somewhere", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoy port of subs quite often . i travel around las vegas for work and tend to not have a standard location . 99 % of the time i have a great experience . this location however has the rudest manager i 've ever dealt with . she was very snappy with customers when she asked for toppings on the sandwiches . luckily i 've had other good experiences with port of subs but if this was my first experience , i would never dine here again . this was the blonde lady who i belive is the manager or owner of this location . every other employee at this location was friendly and helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a known subway fanatic , through and through . however , change is sometimes welcomed . the bread here is fresh and fantastic . the staff here is quick , professional , and friendly . the meats seem to be more plentiful since they slice it right there . fresh ingredients . love it ! it seems to be a little more expensive than subway . also it does seem to have more calories than a comparable sandwich from subway . that being said , they are especially delicious . like really good ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's subway ? this port of subs is one of the best locations ... their customer service and staff is amazing . every time i come in here i am greeted and even during lunch times they handle the rush well . the sandwiches i order always taste fresh and they have always gotten my order right . with all of the sand which competition out there i would definitely give them a try . it does n't hurt that there is a starbucks right next door either !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service sucks they were pretty rude here . i believe it was their manager that seemed very irritated and was rushing me and raising her voice at me . unnecessary behavior on her part . will not be visiting this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wife just left establishment and said she experienced a very unfriendly crew . time ... 7 pm . there should be zero tolerance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what is the difference between port of subs and subway ? i do n't know , they were pretty similar in pretty much every way . from the bread , amount of meat , the way they package it , to the price point , they 're basically one and the same . i had a roast beef and provolone sub , which was as standard as any other . okay , different type of cheese and their sizes were in different varieties , but otherwise ... service was good , restaurant was clean so no complaints , but there 's just nothing that stands out for me to want to come back . i will since it 's next to my work , on those days i need to git . ho hum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to give this an update as there has been new management at this location . i must say the cleanliness is still there but i 've noticed an upbeat mood and far better customer interactions from all staff . this is still one of my favorite spots but i do like that even with all of us regulars they remember our orders and names . i 'm still keeping this as my go-to spot and five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i come hear i get great service and everything . no complaints and also called to pick in advance and it was ready as always", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service even though they were crazy busy . our sandwiches were tasty like usual . love the smoked cheddar cheese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in on june 19th around 1:15pm , the sandwich quality is really good , never had a problem with bad ingredients . especially the pepperchinis , greatest sandwich topping on gods green earth . however , the staff is absolutely horrible , just about every single one of them . especially the girl who usually who works the cash register . she has an attitude every time i come in and has never once handed me the sandwich , i have to reach across the counter and remove it from the bag holder myself . she also does n't say have a good day or anything and could care less about her job . the managers are just as bad , worst customer service at just about any establishment i 've been too , and it 's only this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i am a huge fan of port of subs sandwiches . the taste is great ! but the staff here is so bad to be completely blunt . i 've been to other locations and the service is spot on.. but for some reason at this location the staff seems miserable , not friendly by any means , and my sandwich is prepared sloppily . and every time i come by it gets worse . this is n't about every worker . every time i 'm helped by kayla i get great service . but everyone else is extremely rude and i 'm sick of it . my message to management : keep your staff in check ! the good product is n't enough to keep me coming here anymore.. disappointing", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here since they opened . great quality , but very rushed and not as people friendly . i felt rushed through today and was n't even offered anything to carry my drinks to the car : - very low quality of concern for the customer ! quality is nice though and it 's open later than most port of subs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slow . took 20 minutes and only 3 people in line . workers were distracted talking about person stuff and call in orders , which caused them to not remember orders . workers kept apologizing , so they are nice , but i will go to a different store with family . if it is going to take this long , i will can have a nice sit down meal for the 9 $ it costs for a meal deal . sandwiches are fine , just to slow to go to . the best locations are at the village circle store and the location at lake mead and rampart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always get the # 1 here . i 've never tried anything else . i ca n't move past the first choice . it 's an italian and it is amazing . the quality of the provolone cheese and deli meats used taste like it 's from a butcher shop deli . actually i used to go way out of my way to get subs at a butcher shop and now i do n't need to . the staff is friendly and expedient , and it 's very clean there , so that 's a real plus . but the # 1 . well , it 's # 1 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see all the negative reviews about the management so i felt like i needed to comment . i went there for the first time a couple weeks ago and i am bummed it took me this long to go ! the produce was fresh and the meat was too . the management was so nice . i went in w my 3 small kids and had forgotten my wallet in the car . i did n't realize it until they were half way through making my food . i kept apologizing and they were so kind about it . they finished making our food and then pushed it aside so i could run out to grab my wallet . when i came back in the line was long but the manager did n't bat an eye when i came in . she called me up front and let me pay right away . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite sandwich shop in las vegas . i love the little mayo musturd spread that they have . they have many locations around las vegas , check this place out and give it a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite the bad reviews for staff we decided to check it out because everybody like the food . it 's obvious somebody 's trying to change the bad staff situation . bill and tennessee were super friendly and greet us when we walked in the door the store was very clean . they work to make our order just the way we wanted it . the sandwich # 1 tasted very good , as did mu wife 's salad . we would go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always enjoy a good port of sub sandwich . these folks are friendly and i 've never had a bad experience . for vegetarians , they will offer to wipe down the cutting machine for the cheese on your sandwich ( as it is used for deli meat as well ) . they are also good about changing gloves . very sanitary as i have been grossed out at other sub places for cross contamination in front of my very eyes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i always enjoyed the pos sandwiches at this location other customers and myself had some issues with the demeanor of the staff , but mostly with the manager . i found the staff not friendly , and the manager down right rude to her staff and customers . as a result i had dialogue with pos corporate on a couple of occasions who finally addressed the issue . the manager has been replaced and as a result the staff has come around in a very positive manner . it is refreshing to now come in and see people smiling behind the counter and saying good morning good bye , etc ... ... can now recommend this pos as a great choice to go for your subs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my last review i have been back to this location at least once a week ... but no more . the quality of the food has really deteriorated . my hash brown come out luke warm at best and today i received a slice of ham that was about one third the size i have had in the past . oh , did i forget to mention that my sour dough bread was finally delivered 5 minutes into my meal . i had to continual ask for a refill as my server was too busy clowning around at the cash register . then to add insult to injury when i paid at the cash register the young lady proceeded to yawn in my face ... ridiculous ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after eating here a few times this place is n't up to par with other locations i 've been to and yesterday is most likely the last time . the wait staff are nice but the food is low quality . i ordered the hot turkey sandwich . the turkey was a light purple color ( odd and ick ) nothing was hot , it was n't appetizing at all . my wife has a cheese burger that looked old , as if had been sitting ... nothing was good . bottom line : pass on this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their eggroll tastes like curry . not that curry is a bad thing , but i wanted eggrolls . all of their menu items are sub par , and walking into the place will make you regret having eaten there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe anyone would rate this as good food . it was soooo bad . the crab puffs did n't have filling in them hardly , the fried rice had no vegetables and was gummy and flavorless , the sesame chicken tasted like the just poured some syrup on it . there are four of us that ordered and not one of us enjoyed this food . none of us ate it and considered ordering out somewhere after just ordering from here . the other people who left reviews must have never had good chinese before because i would rate this as the worst chinese i have ever had in my life . i can cook better than this . yuck ! ! ! ! i 'd have rather spent my money at mcdonalds ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the neighborhood and thought i would drop in . i saw the sign that read now open . even though they opened in october . i ordered the orange chicken lunch and it was hot and fresh . came with choice of fried or white rice..chose fried . came with an egg roll that was exceptional . the cream cheese filled wonton was n't my thing . i prefer the crab puff . all in all i give this place a decent reating and a good deal for a 7 dollar lunch and it came with a large drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best chinese food i have had in years . i took the coupon in and had no trouble using it . very friendly people and very good food . i went there a week ago and could not believe how fresh and tasty everything was . when i walked in i was greeted with a smile , asked if i wanted to have a seat or is this going to be to go . we sat and had one of the best meals i have had in a long time . went back today to see if that was a one time thing . no , same smile and great service as last week . ordered the spicy chicken same as last time and it was even better this time around . hard to believe . this time i also ordered the spicy pork no doubt in my mind , my new favorite . this is the place to go if you want chinese food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best chinese food i have ever eaten period . the portions are large , so it 's nice for my little family to only have to order a few things and we still end up having left overs . so far everything i have ordered has been great . the only thing i have n't liked in the wontons . i 'm not sure if that 's how there supposed to be made in this area but where i 'm from ( wisconsin ) they are a lag larger and actually have fillings in them . other than that , the people are friendly , the food is done fast and taste great . i would recommend this place for people to try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love there house fried rice ! ! it 's the best . they offer such great chinese food , and good size portions . their delivery is super fast too . they have excellent chicken dishes as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have ordered from them twice now and the take out is always good and is ready pretty quick ! ! the chicken lo mein in was the best ! ! only thing i 've had so far which is normally my favorite is the crap puffs.. they are super crunchy and not much crab and cream cheese ! update : i 've ordered 3 times in the last few weeks and the food has improved significantly ! i do n't know if it 's a new cook or the owner has been in but it has been on point ! my new addiction is the honey garlic chicken and the crab puffs were on perfect ! ! i myself was n't the one to go in to get the food so i do n't know what the difference is but i do n't care ! ! i 'll be sure to do the pick up myself so i can update my review with the answer ! ! yummy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing out of this world , but if you 're looking for some above-average chinese food at a good price i 'd recommend this place . also delivery is incredibly fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i have been a long time cutomer ( i believe over a year and a half ) and i can say hands down it 's delicious ! the food is fresh , always hot , fast delivery , affordable prices ! if you 're at home and do n't want to cook- definitely order delivery from this place . i personally recommend the hot and sour soup ( it has a kick to it ! ) also the fried rice is very yummy ! 5 stars for great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast delivery ! fresh & hot food . delicious and staff are curteous . we got the mongolian chicken , chicken & broccoli , shrimp & lobster sauce . yumdeli-omcious . say that three times . haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered for delivery and to my surprise the food arrived within 30 minutes of me ordering ! i ordered orange chicken , beef and broccoli , egg drop soup , and the pu pu platter . the pu pu platter consists of two ribs , two egg rolls , cheese puffs and dumplings ! yummy ! the food tasted really good and was super hot . the egg drop soup is really good ! definitely ordering again sometime soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my 2nd time ordering take out . the 1st time i got orange chicken the second mongolian beef . both times the food was hot , fresh and tasty ! you ca n't beat the price either . i want to try the chow mein next time but i def recommend this place : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , a great find for us . i 'm so happy my husband encouraged me to try this and not judge this old taco bell location turned great chinese food . do n't bother with panda , this is the new lunch spot for tasty hot food . no weird meat here , charbroiled chicken was moist and teriyaki sauce was spot on . did i say moist ? second dish of cashew chicken was delicious thick cut chicken and lots of vegetables lovingly floating in a nut infused sauce . yum . the third dish was sweet and sour pork , crunchy wrapped pork pillows tossed with big pineapple , onions and carrot chunks which are cooked perfect . each dish served with two large scoops rice and a egg roll . can you say what a deal for $ 18.50 will return and will tell my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent chinese food . very decent prices . go before 3 pm and the food is discounted by almost half . i go here weekly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought we would try it we had a coupon from them for buy one get one 50 % off , we went in sit down and gave the waitress the coupon , she left a minute or two later the owner or manager came out , and said he would not take the coupon even though it was his and still date good , well i felt like i was being played so we left , i guss that they just dont need new business , it 's not like there is shortage of chinese restaurants in town , for about 2 dollars they may have had a new customer , ps there was no one else in there but us , i all ways thought coupons where to get people to try your place , well to make a long story longer , i am really sorry that we both may have lost out ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food so far has been awesome . the veggies are fresh , the rice is light and the walnut shrimp is indescribable . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disgusting food and horrible customer service . i highly recommend any other restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried hkcc the other day when coming home late from work . the orange chicken was good , rice was good , egg roll was good . nothing out standing but nothing bad . let 's give them a few months and try them again . the place was clean the food was hot and the servers were nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after moving to the west side from scottsdale , we had a hard time finding chinese food delivery that was n't junk . about a year and a half after we moved here , we received a flyer on our door and tried this place . it is so good ! it rivals our favorite place in scottsdale for fast chinese delivery ( house of yang ) ! they are quick , friendly , and the food is delicious and fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i though it was fine ! nothing terribly special . had kung pao and beef lo mein lunch specials . both were decent but i like my other chinese ave better in the area . egg rolls seemed like typical frozen and fried , and lunch combo fried rice could have had a bit more flavor . if they had their drive through up and working for to go orders that would be really convenient and i might just give it another star !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't write a lot of rest . reviews so forgive me . i do n't like eating out but when i do , i eat here . the food is great , especially the happy family-my fav . the food digests well , which is a very real concern for my stomach . i love this place and we eat there ( actually get delivered ) at least 1 time every couple of months . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in a pinch ... maybe . their egg rolls taste like they have curry in them . their everything i 've eaten from them has been bland , undercooked , and or just flavored weird . one the plus side they are cheap and very fast ... might explain the downsides .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . it 's such a diamond in the rough . my boyfriend and i stumbled a upon this place when we moved into the area like a year ago . the building it self looks like they took over an old taco bell so it 's not very big but the food speaks for its self and the employees are very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered our takeout via their website , which is very user friendly . received an email as soon as my order was placed confirming the date and time it would be ready . showed up just before order pickup time , and our order was ready ! paid online , so i just had to confirm information , sign , and then go home to enjoy . we ordered egg drop soup , which serves 4-6 . the pupu platter came with 2 of each item ( egg rolls , wontons , crab puffs , fried shrimp , and ribs ) . we also ordered the beef & broccoli , and honey garlic shrimp . a side order of steamed white rice was included . everything was delicious , and piping hot ! my fingers were burning when trying to hold the containers ... love how fresh everything was presented . will definitely order from here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have the absolute best kung pao chicken in the valley ! ! ! ! everything else is n't bad either . their prep time is really fast too . i would highly suggest eating here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better food than most place , they deliver , good prices , nice people too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i absolutely love this place ! we order from them often , and love how fast their delivery is . it 's a tiny little place , but we like it like that . the staff is very friendly and always get our order right . must try the lo mein noodles ! ! ! they are just perfect . the taste and texture is amazing . the chicken lo mein is my favorite . the veggies are always fresh and delicious . we also love the house fried rice , sesame chicken , and crab puffs . i bought lunch for my mom there one day , and now every time she visits , she wants to order from them . great place ! ! must try it out for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten there once , and that is one time too much . ok , maybe it was because it was a sunday night , but that should not be an excuse . i ordered a simple dish , shrimp and vegetables . the ingredients were obviously frozen , ok . it came with a thick and gelatinous sauce that was both tasteless and nasty . but the worst thing about that meal was the serious case of the trots i got about an hour later and that lasted well into the night . no thanks , never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted to add an update to this review . shortly after my first review i stopped in to pick up some take-out . they menu had completely changed from the last time i had been in and it had only been a week or so . i thought that was really strange , as the place had only been open a short time to begin with . i ordered egg rolls and chow mein . sadly the food was not as good . the egg rolls were completely different and the option for chicken egg rolls was no longer available . the food was ok , but not as yummy as it was before the strange menu change . we have n't ordered again but i guess we 'll give it another try someday .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was in a bad accident two days ago and was released from the er that night . now today i 'm still having severe pain in my left arm and i 'm at this facility asking for help and they are essentially refusing service and recommend i drive all the way back to the er ( 20 miles away ) and have them check me out again ! i have one functional arm that i believe may be broken and they have a doctor on and xray available . they are sending me away and really acting like i am bothering them here ! btw there is nobody else here , not like they 're busy or anything . just wanted some help and this urgent care failed 100 % . do not come here unless you absolutely have to and you better pray they decide to help you . update : went to the urgent care just west of this location on bell rd and 7th st . they were super nice and got me right in ! highly recommend not to waste your time and just go directly to this location instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally decided to get a flu shot today and urgent care extra was the only place i could find that had them . +1 for them . typical urgent care facility with a larger than normal waiting room and friendly staff . when i arrived i asked how long it would take and was informed it would be about 20 minutes . turned out it took 75 minutes . i was n't the happiest about that , but then i 'm the one who waited until the last minute to get a flu shot . free wi-fi for the wait and ipads to use when you are in the exam room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was misdiagnosed with a `` cold '' when i actually had a upper respiratory and sinus infection . i had to beg her to give me cough medicine to settle my asthma triggering coughs to get through the night . ended up seeing a different doctor elsewhere two days later and was able to receive the much needed antibiotics . i truly detest it when doctors or nurses treat you like you are crazy and do n't take how you are feeling seriously . for someone like me with severe medical issues , i need someone to take my concerns seriously . the only reason i went here was because it was christmas and i was struggling to breathe . next time i will just pay the er costs to see someone who actually cares .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "writing a review for an urgent care is difficult as everyone walking in is experiencing some sort of pain or discomfort that can make the experience less then expected . today i walked in here and had never been here before . i was embarrassed and crying from a dog bite on my hand and there was a few people already waiting . from the check in to check out everything went smooth . the other people waiting in the lobby were being called back fast as i was also . the ma as well as the pa peter explained everything to me thoroughly . they treated me with respect and told me what to expect from my injury as well as what to do in case the bite became infected even though the worst case scenario was unlikely . i came in here overwhelmed and left calm . so thankful for these providers today ! side note- my mother stopped in here when she was visiting from chicago a few weeks ago to get antibiotics for strep she caught while traveling and felt the same about her treatment here . definitely would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "devin was great and efficient . i love that they fill prescriptions here as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to pho saigon since i got on the vietnamese food kick several years ago . admittedly i do n't branch out much beyond the rare beef and noodles but never once has it disappointed me . this is comfort food to me . absolutely do not miss the fresh rolls , either . they are fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , the waitress was very helpful in menu selection for a first-timer . the egg rolls are very flavourful , and nice and hot . the small rare beef , tripe , and noodle soup is enough to satisfy most appetites . it was my first time trying tripe , and it was very tasty , with a gentle texture .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the old owner was way more generous than the new management . bigger portion and better food . i think i will move to pho fusion from now on . their small portion is like a kid size meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pho here is pretty good . may not be the best i have ever had in my life , but it 's pretty good . it 's affordable and usually they are able to have your order out pretty quick . the spring rolls here have a special place in my heart . love . they are amazing . great with the peanut sauce . i dont like the fish sauce , just because im personally not a fan . it 's pretty hard to find good pho outside of toronto , but this place gets the job done . oh , and inside is super casual , wait staff is very nice and attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably the best pho i have had ! so full of flavor and for the price the portions are very generous ! i ordered a small beef pho for lunch and was full for dinner ! ! to top it off , the service is very good too something quite rare in most asian eateries ! would definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great taste ! the price is reasonable ( slightly higher than those in scarborough ) , but the portion is good . it 's definitely filling . friendly staff as well . the d\u00e9cor seems a little out of date but i like the overall quiet atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was good dollar value . and they had an actual selection of salad rolls . green tea was served automatically and lots of vegetables with our noodles . food was fresh & service was friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here once a few months ago and forgot to review this place because it did n't leave a lasting impression . i give this place a 2 star for quality and authenticity of the pho and give it 4 star for service . hence my 3 star review . i 've been to vietnam and have tried the real pho and this is nowhere near it . there are other options around the area that is more authentic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was here a few weeks ago . familiar menu ... great prices . good service . would come here again when in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the better pho places in york region.. they make an excellent pho and rice dishes . i go there like once a week ... . my favourite is the porkchop w steamed egg w rice . they steam their egg with veggies and pork inside . is really good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here only for a milkshake and after trying that i want to eat the food . i 've never had a jackfruit milkshake until here.. it was really good ! i ca n't explain the taste.. i would come back just for this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . good pho is very hard to find north of toronto , it 's not the best pho i ve ever had but it definitely is the best pho i ve had north of the city . i go there all the time and i am always happy with it . their summer shrimp rolls with peanut sauce are very very good . they really do have great service too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arrived here on a saturday at 1:00 and it was packed ! my boyfriend ordered a small rare beef , and i got a lemongrass beef vermicelli both of which were delicious . although it might not look like much from the inside the staff was very attentive and welcoming and even checked up on a few times which is quite rare at vietnamese places . be careful when ordering the sizes because the small was too much for my boyfriend to finish after having some spring rolls", "score": "5"}
{"review": "efficient service , good portions , and authentic food ! not sure why anyone would give this place less than 4 stars to be honest . you ca n't really find a place that 's exceptionally better , unless you went to chinatown , but even still it 's comparable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a sunday at around 2pm . had a bad feeling when the tea did n't come until we asked 15 minutes after sitting down . took our order right away , but we had to wait more than half an hour for pho ! the couple that came before us also left because it was taking way too long . all the servers seemed inexperienced ? two were rushing from table to table while one was taking her time clearing the bowls . management obviously needs improvement . taste is good though , portion size could be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the soup here , never been disappointed . appetizer plate with spring rolls and fresh rolls was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is extremely affordable and awesome especially the pho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located just off yonge st . this is a great place to get your authentic pho fix . the location is cozy and service was friendly . this your mom & pop shop family restaurant . my go-to is usually the smallpho dac biet ( aka pho special ) and a small order of fried spring rolls", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the few places i know of that 's outside the main city with good pho . it 's a frequently visited place for my wife and i . always looking forward to eating here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sadly , the amazing fresh spring rolls are no longer amazing our last few visits there have confirmed this unfortunate fact . oh well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is like home ... a axing food and great service . the only pho resturant i will go to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worked with them because of the seller 's request . it was my first home purchase . something that should have had a celebratory feel to it did not . the escrow officer was rude , short , unable to explain charges , and only shook my hand once upon meeting with me . they over charged for services they did not provide . also they did not follow written instructions from my lender about timeline . they ended up causing me not to close on the day their client the seller demanded . if you have a choice at all do not use their services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was forced into working with them at seller 's request . as the buyer 's agent , i expected that since we acquiesced their request , we would have reasonable service . they do n't arrange keys to be held or exchanged at their office . they do n't order home warranties . certainly not a title company i will be working with again , nor recommend . it falls short of all expectations , and not full service at all . unfriendly at most of the turns , and the answer is commonly , `` we do n't do that . '' i 've worked with dozens of title companies over the years , and i would not hesitate to run as far as possible from this low-class , low-service operation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you can avoid using this company , do it ! when they can not even figure out out to attach a document properly to an email , i became concerned things would not end smoothly . yes i was correct ! wow - horrible attention to detail , & failure in follow through !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wo n't bother with the specifics because pretty much everything was wrong . every single time i go to this place , the order is wrong and poorly made , that 's if their `` system is n't down . '' this is hands down the worst fast food restaurant in the region and i would be ashamed if i were responsible for it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is always hot and fresh service is excellent at this restaurant . if i 'm in elyria i usually stop for a burger and fries here . keep up the good work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "( real name : rally 's ) a pretty good fast food burger place . just as good as burger king or mcdonald 's . it 's a drive thru place though and there is no real sit down space except for some picnic tables outside . decent fast food and fairly quick service so i have no complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow this place is the best . the fastest drive thru friendly . realy better then ( in and out burgers ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had high hopes for this place after visiting playa cabana . the main floor definitely has a cool vibe . however , we got seated on the 3rd floor . it was really cramped and we were sitting near the window . it was the furthest table from the stairs and found it hard to get the waitress ' attention . there was a time we signalled to her and she mentioned she 'd be back in a minute that turned into 12 . also , the wait staff kept sending food to the wrong table . we ordered beef tacos . i guess it got sent to the wrong table so they sent it back to the kitchen . the waitress comes back saying , did n't you order the tacos ? we said yes . and she asked why we sent it back then . we explained it never came . do n't think she apologized . the food was nothing particularly special . the palermo cocktail was delicious though . invest in those to blur out the poorer service and food that 's `` meh '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to la libre ( the back patio ) for the first time and loved the patio decor and atmosphere . we ordered a pitcher of margaritas based on the server 's suggestion and noticed that a single margarita was $ 10 - a pitcher which holds 4.5 drinks came up to $ 60 . not to sure how they came up with that pricing but $ 15 profit on a pitcher is steep . food was alright - server did n't seem excited to be there and basically explained the tacos as being - chicken , pork or fish . surprised to see how much small the tacos were compared to places like la carnita and grand electric . definitely would n't go back unless you paid me $ 15 to go !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is all i seem to get from the reviews about both playa cabana and hacienda : vibe and decor . well i happen to prefer food above all else if it 's a restaurant and this place really disappoints . tacos are just loaded with `` fixins '' and therefore just have no character or taste . i am sure garnish and toppings are important but it can also be a neat way to grossly overcharge someone . maybe learn from grand electric . $ 3.50 a taco but pretty damn good tacos for toronto . you can actually taste the meat and not feel like you ate a taco stuffed with coleslaw and radish !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty decent tacos ! tried the chicken tinga and steak . both had a lot of flavour . they have lobster tacos too that id like to try next time . nice decor with a lot of cool features and antiques . very excellent service . will be back to try more of their dishes and hope to try out some of their other locations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered from here using ubereats , so my review is solely on their food . a group of us ordered short rib tacos , short rib enchiladas , and pollo enchiladas . we were surprised at how small the servings were for the price . all of us finished our meals within minutes and were still hungry . tacos were lacking sauces , which made them a bit on the dry side . the enchiladas were smaller than what i am used to and just ok . i was n't blown away by them and neither were my friends . the sauces on the enchiladas were also skimpy . the rice that came with our meals were dry and tasteless and the black beans were decent at best . maybe their dine in food experience is better because the food was n't sitting in take out boxes for a few minutes , but that does n't explain the lack of sauces and flavours . we are on our way to get mcdonalds as i write this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a fantastic meal for dinner . we had in mind tacos but was not sure what to order so we left it up to our server - julian . we had a veggie and fish taco each and shared the lobster and la truck . fantastic . ca n't wait to bring others ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "taco places have been popping up around toronto recently and this is one of the latest . a quaint restaurant right off dupont and avenue , there was a huge line up in . braving to sit on the recently rained-on patio furniture , we quickly ordered . corn for starters , followed by fish tacos , la truck tacos and braised ribs tacos , we ate in gusto . the food was nicely presented and tasty but small considering it 's a 5 $ dollar taco . the margarita was similarly expensive and underwhelming . the service was also very attentive but disorganized . do not bring someone here on a first date unless you want them to see you reading messily with your hands and face . i think some wet naps would 've gone a long way . overall a nice little taco joint with a slightly higher price tag .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "finally , some really great quality mexican food ! ! so impressed with everything from their signature margaritas ( especially grapefruit and dave 's ) to the jerk lobster taco - just wow . left feeling great , not at all greasy . i suggest going for the ceviche , grilled fish taco and jerk lobster taco on lettuce . skip the fillers like chips , anything deep fried , beans and rice . all food was very fresh and full of flavour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playa cabana hacienda - great brand - but needs some work on the drinks pricing . i guess it makes sense from their perspective to only sell single tacos for double the price from down the road , where it 's difficult to get a reservation . i had a tequila cesar but they rimmed the glass with margarita salt , so that was n't the greatest . great food - but expensive for what you get . points on the decor though , really cool vibe . a place to go for a quick drink and maybe a taco - but dinner gets expensive quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is always pretty good . both here and at their original location on dupont . i have n't been to any of the others yet . the service happened to be really bad ( slow , rude , unnatentive etc ) , but to be fair , i do n't recall this ever being the case on other visits . the decor is really cool . i wo n't try to describe it , but just know that it 's cool . food highlights : the corn is always next level delicious , braised beef tacos , tres leches cake", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i tried this place for the first time on friday night . the food was delicious and the service was excellent . he had a chicken burrito and i had a beef enchilada . both of us were very happy with our meals.the nachos and guac were great and the guac portion was more than decent . the tables are quite the tight fit but otherwise this was a great experience . we will definitely be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the playa cabana hacienda was a great restaurant to eat at . we had a great time from start to finish . the food was prepared well and brought out in good time . the prices are a bit on the higher side ( $ 15.00 for 3 tacos ) but in my opinion still worth it . i would definitely eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far playa cabana has the best mexican in toronto ! again i have tried many and coming from la i have high standards but give me a break toronto mexican food is pathetic , and then we tried playa cabana wow what a pleasant change , it 's not trying to be fancy it just damn good authentic cali mexican cuisine ! ca n't wait for them to open one downtown !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with the menu choices and service . i kept seeing things go to other tables that i ca n't wait to go back and try . it 's not your typical greasy `` tex mex '' restuarant . these ingredients are very fresh . it 's a well designed menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their gauc and chips as well as the fish tacos . daves margharitas pitchers are my go to drink and it always makes for a good night . love the playa restos , this one is much larger than the original and just as good . only downside being they do not offer the fish burrito at this location , while to original location does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is not it 's other locations . menu has less selection as they do n't want to compete with their other restaurant location a block away . went on a tuesday night and as crowded as always . i am a lover of the junction location as you can sit at the bar and not be jostled all night . food is good as at all locations . . .ended up going to the one on the next block to get what i wanted on the menu . margaritas and red sangria are very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chicken burrito was on of the best i 've had . food is quite spicy . service was quick but food was just warm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "creative menu , very nice staff . great night with dinner and drinks . we will go back for sure . la truck taco was reordered at our table a few times . we are not sure if we like playa cabana or playa hacienda .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum - this place has great food ! got the guac and chips ... the chips were slightly greasy for my taste ... but the guac was nice and fresh and creamy . just lovely . ordered the beef tacos - really yummy and tender ... but tiny ! the portion size of the guac chips is bigger than then tacos ! overall the cool vibe and the great food will make me come back again . our server was really nice - explained the menu to us ( twice ! ) without seeming impatient or upset we were asking a few questions ( due to some allergies in the group ) . ca n't wait to go back and try a few other things on the menu ... ole ! ( yeah ... ended on a cheesy note ... ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tight narrow restaurant . probably seats more people than they should . the service is friendly and always pleasant . if you 're looking for a down to earth mexican place to unwind with friends with good food and friendly staff this would be the place . i find the food always consistent , delicious , fresh and relatively affordable . p.s i love the guac and chips ! they come warm and with a generous portion of guacamole ! great way to start a mexican meal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is not good . it 's cold and kinda sour . the place is crammed and poorly organized . and the waiters are mostly all rude . who does the hiring ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was my second time and i think my last . while my first experience was okay , the second was a flop . we made reservations so we could experience the full menu indoors , but the host had no record of it ! he was only able to seat us outside with no effort to compensate . the waiter was hard to track down , one of our orders was missed , and we had to share a table with another group and climb over a bench to get there . while it 's a cool spot and the food is pretty good , the service needs some serious help .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nowhere near as good as the original pc , but twice as expensive . i wish they just offered the original menu price at this location . disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is based on my most recent experience here which was on cinco de mayo . the service was really good and quick . everything i ordered was on point and better then usual considering how busy they were . i was honestly impressed with the quality & quantity . food was amazing and i could say without a doubt the fish tacos were soooo delicious ! i ordered the battered shrimp with sesame for the first time and im glad i did ! i loved the flavor , the texture , and it had a specific sauce drizzled on top that was exploding with flavor . i ordered a bulldog baby ( margarita with a coronita ) and the presentation was really cute and i enjoyed every bit of it ! the churros with melted caramel and marshmallows was literalllly melt in your mouth good . it was heavenly and im a sucker for churros . i have zero complaints and i loved everything from beginning to end . they really hit a home run !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was delicious- guac , the corn and the tacos ... delicious ! the service was nothing over the moon . someone takes your order , 20 other people drop it off and the server no where to be seen . we wanted to get desert and another drink , but the waiter said that they had another rsvp for our 2 seater table in 15mins , even though there were 6 available tables surrounding us upstairs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a group of six of us went last night , had reservations for two weeks and they could n't find the reservation even though i confirmed the day before . we understand that it 's tapas style and everything comes out when it 's ready ; however , one person was n't served for 20 mins after we had all eaten and that 's only 20 mins because one of us had to go inquire for the fourth time where her tacos were . no one offered to comp her meal so we were stuck paying for it . we had also ordered a salad to go and the salad was much smaller than the one that we had ordered earlier in the evening and it was missing ingredients . for what you pay and the false hype around this spot , none of us will be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was good . service was extremely slow . make sure you are not seated on the main floor during winter . every time someone comes in , the place is freezing . i had to wear my jacket during dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i 'm gon na start of by stating that i often do n't give terrible reviews but holy shit that was the worst experience ever . never going back ... just walked out after being there for two hours . took probably an hour at least to get the first part of our meal . after hitting the two hour mark we finally asked our server to cancel the rest of the meal and asked for our bill . as someone who works in the hospitality business i was honestly shocked that no one came over to apologize and no one ever offered to comp anything . the restaurant was a little busy in the beginning but was n't too crazy for an hour wait time for food . our server tried her best and kept giving us chips ... but realistically we came to eat tacos not chips . long story short - would give 0 stars if i could . will never be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "liked the small cozy restaurant with good service . however i was n't a big fan of their vegetarian soya tacos . my friend got chicken burrito and said it was decent . felt it was too pricey for an average quality food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here in the summer with no reservations and they were able to accommodate our group of 8 ! everyone was very kind and willing to help us understand the menu and the tacos they serve . there was only one bad apple but she might 've just tolerated my loud group enough to where she did n't care anymore . in terms of food , we knew this location was the reported the best of the chain restaurants . i ordered the braised rib tacos and pulpo ( octopus ) . both were very flavourful and easy to fill you up ! the pulpo is the most worth it in my opinion , my taco looked like an entree as i ate the filling with a fork ! only issue is that is is very spicy to the mild mouth ( me ) , i 'm sure it burned a hole in my stomach but i would do it again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wo n't be coming back here . awful experience last night with a server who had a major attitude problem . not to mention , they made our party sign a contract and we would be charged $ 100 if our party of 9 was missing any people . the restaurant 's food is n't even that good to have a stupid policy like this . not to mention , our party was limited to a smaller menu simply due to our party size .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food and service are good here . nice bartenders and servers , with nice drinks , a great back patio and ambience . we sat upstairs on a hot summer night , and it was a bit too stuffy . the space upstairs is also a bit tight , however it is worth trying if you can get a reservation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cocktails were great but the food was just so so . the tacos are prepared to look good when delivered by they 're a pain in the ass to eat - just way too much filler like shredded cabbage . it 's also not a comfortable spot - i do n't mind seating that is packed close , it can actually add to the atmosphere , but here the staff do n't have any room to deliver food or move around . i do n't want a waiter hanging over my table so the other waiter can squeeze by to deliver food . the `` original '' down the street has it right , this place is trying too hard to be cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of a few `` playa cabana '' restaurants in the city , and just down the street from it 's smaller , sister store `` la carnita '' . playa cabana certainly hit the spot when we were craving mexican ... . we sat on the back patio , which is fully enclosed ( `` winterized '' ) and heated with heat lamps . we were more than comfortable and happy to be accommodated so easily at 7pm on a friday night . the food was delicious - we had tried several of the tacos , as well as the ceviche appetizer ... delicious . we could not leave without trying their churro poutine , which surprised us in it 's simplicity ( we were expecting a bit of a gross concoction ) . our server was amazing , friendly , and extremely helpful with her recommendations . we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decor of the restaurant is trendy and the food was delicious , but service was terrible . absolutely atrocious . there were at least 4 servers standing around at any given time . they took forever to come to us after being seated and then drinks took close to 15 minutes to be served ( well , even longer when one of them was incorrect ) . our server was just clueless and had no thought to check on us or bring us the bill when we asked . our reservation was at 5:30 so it was n't very busy at that time . i ca n't imagine what it would be like much later in the night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great . our server jefferson was fabulous and i would suggest that only come if he is serving you ! he was really informative and really patient with all of our ridiculous requests . it 's tapa style , perfect for sharing . i would recommend the salsa and guacamole to start ! and the shrimp is to die for ! great atmosphere , and the flavours are amazing . make sure to get the churros , served with caramel and marshmallows ! just a little tip , do n't laugh while eating the churros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . great both indoors and in the patio out back . the seafood platter in the outdoor restaurant is off the charts . on a nice summer eve , the back garden restaurant is hard to beat", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sat outside on the patio of hacienda . the food was not good and overpriced for the quality . service was not good either , waitress barely came by our table after we ordered . i 100 % wo n't go back there . there are many other mexican restaurant in toronto where you can get better quality food and at the same price point .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we are frequent diners at this location as well as the one down the street , and i would say that hacienda is a much better spot for groups . the food is fairly comparable , maybe slightly better at playa cabana . it is nice at the hacienda location that you can mix and match your tacos , and since it 's a little larger we have better luck walking in and grabbing a seat at the bar . we 've had almost everything on the menu , tacos are by far our favorite but the enchiladas are a close second . although it 's not cheap , it 's comparable to other restaurants in the area . the margaritas are some of the best i 've had , very authentic and fresh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant ! like the other playa cabana restaurants in toronto , this place made me love mexican food . the tacos here are out of this world . the jerk lobster taco is without a doubt one of the best tacos i have eaten in toronto . the restaurants is three floors and has a patio out back . service is always good and food is always delivered quickly . although pricy , i am always craving for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favourite spots in the city . adorable outdoor space for a tasty , funky and sophisticated brunch . cozy up inside with a mezcal ceasar in the winter for a pleasant dining experience . good any time of the day . unreal music . nutty good decor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice staff and interior but thats only thing good about this place . food is terrible ... definitely not genuine maxican and totally overpriced . would never come back . music was bad too they played bad classic rock like eye of the tiger", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star is way too many for this garbage joint . taco shells were oily - fried fish was tasteless , cabbage was the only thing i can taste . ribs were drier than beef jerky from gas station but server did n't care after my complaint . service was bad as well . two tables walked out that night because they did n't get food ! maybe they were short staff on a sat night but i would n't want to pay another $ 50 to give them another chance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the food and the selection was outstanding . they come in 3 's and its meant to share so if you are going be prepared to eat a lot of tacos and drink a lot of beverages ! ! we 've heard so many great reviews of this location and it was worth the wait and lived up to all the positive things we 've heard . great location , and great atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good , great service , wish there were more clean , fresh veggie options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overpriced . takes the waiters forever to take your order . burrito looked fancy , but was rather bland .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this place while walking to another restaurant . the atmosphere is awesome . wait staff was excellent . i had the jerk lobster taco , the octopus taco and the l.a truck taco . my fav was the jerk lobster and l.a truck tacos . the octopus was way to spicy for me . drinks were great . guacamole was great . my spouse had the beef enchiladas- fricken amazing . would return to try different tacos . would love to see this place at taco festival next year : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been to many of the restaurants in this 'chain ' . all very good and this one is no different . had a variety of tacos ( beef , seared tuna ) that were really tasty . grilled corn was good but would skip given how out of season it is - wait for late summer . salad was refreshing addition . service was solid . attentive but not over the top . a bit too cramped having to crawl between tables . good drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slow service , food was cold and way overpriced ( $ 9 for a scoop of guac and $ 6 for a miniature bowl of salsa ? ! ? ! ? ) . sad that they consider themselves an authentic mexican resto ... i 've had way better ! decor was alright , but the space was very constricting . if you can skip this restaurant all together , i would suggest you do ,", "score": "2"}
{"review": "toronto 's best mexican restaurant ! they are so consistently good ! every time i go back , i get the same great tasty food and awesome service ! the ( fried ) fish taco is simply , perfect ! sooo good..must try ! unlike all the other mexican taco places in toronto , hacienda actually has good portion sizes and you leave feeling full !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg this place is delicious ! the taco were not just spicy but were layered with subtle flavours such as citrus , mild herbs and flavourful sauces . yum yum yum highly recommend this place . i would recommend making a reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best short rib burrito ever as was the tijuana mile ! great service as well ... definitely will stay on list for future visits !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would i go back ? nope . i 've been to 3 playa cabanas now , and i just do n't get the hype . the food is mediocre at best . order : la truck- really tender flank steak pieces topped with standard slaw and shredded lettuce . this was the only item i enjoyed . also ordered chicken tinga and a queso con something taco- both were unfortunately not flavourful enough to balance the strong taste of corn tortillas . i just do n't like corn tortillas . anyway , this location has a beautiful breezy rooftop patio deck , but if i did n't have good company , i would n't have even gone for the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how should i start ? warmth , wonderment and wow ! from the sassy service to the succulent cuisine- this place has it all . i had to start with dave 's margarita 's ... .ah , uhm , oooooo ... ..amazing ... then came the grilled octopus tacos with the fresh cilantro and dash of pure decadence . while sipping on the second dave 's margarita , the main arrives filled with goodness that only true baja cuisine can fill ... mmmmmm , sweet divinity . the piece de resistance was the unique beverage d'art created by the great mixologist , anshul , which ironically goes by the same name ... the 'anshul masti ' ... filled with cool , sweet green wonder that revives memories of the sultry beaches de mexique ... ask for the anshul masti by name- you wo n't be disappointed ... it was worth the 6km walk ... thanks for a great evening folks , you filled it with much richness for all senses . xo k", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say , the first time we went here in an extremely large group we had quite a negative experience . however , hacienda more than redeemed itself with our next visit ! was absolutely amazing from start to finish ! the ceviche , faloutas , jerk lobster tacos , pollo tinga , la truck , braised short rib were all beyond delicious . and of the course , the churro poutine was the perfect ending ! my personal favorite , the jerk lobster taco ! may be too spicy for some , but i loved it ! will definitely be back again , very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a street style pollo tinga burrito from uber eats . it was delicious and not too bloating . a bit on the pricy side for a burrito though , not sure if it 's cheaper in store . i probably wo n't be ordering it off uber eats again , but if i 'm near the actual restaurant , i 'll be sure to grab a bite there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why 1 star ? the speed of service was absolutely horrible . it took 30 min to get our guac , over an hour and a half to get one of our mains , and then i received my food 20 min after my partner . he was completely finished by the time i received mine . we have been to other playa restaurants and have never had an issue with this , this experience was super unfortunate as our waiter was lovely and the food was good . the wait time was unacceptable and although the waiter was apologizing and checking in with the kitchen we were not offered any compensation what so ever . we will not be returning to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is something special both to look at and to eat at . explore each floor for its unique rusty gold art . staff are great but a little slow on checking back with the table . the food is authentic bang on freshness . i had the jerk lobster burrito and it was a solid pick from the very difficult to pick from menu . what i mean is the menu is full of amazing tacos , burritos etc . the lobster was claw thick and fresh with jerk love . in house homemade habanero hot sauce . missed it but next time for sure . i do n't give to many hot spots 5 stars but this place was off the hook ! ! specialty drinks shaken not stirred and frosty cold bottles of dos equis and coronas . date night group night whatever night . check this place out asap . it 's fun and dam good grub .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought the food was just ok , campechana was nice but a tad salty , short ribs were meh , hard shell was nice but meat was lackluster and missing some `` pow `` . this was one of those places where the service level was a slight miss , drinks took far too long to come out ( bartender was new perhaps ) , server had a bit too much of that `` toronto snob '' attitude . cocktail menu is ok , but not that adventurous and with so many tequilas at the bar i thought a better promoted tequila flight would be in order ( sample 4-5 different brands ) .. this place pales in comparison to playa 's cocina economica , where the service is absolutely fantastic and the food much more flavorful . nice location , this old house has been a restaurant for as long as ive remember it ant at the corner of dupont and avenue couldnt be much more accessible for those in mid uptown and downtown", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for drinks and snacks at 9 saturday . it was very busy . we did have reso 's but the place was a lot smaller than we thought and very crowded . if your not claustrophobic . you 'll be fine . but it 's cramped and lively . no doubt . service was decent and prices moderate for the area . the guacamole is great - they will refill ur chips but they 're super deep fried . pass . tried the tacos ( delicious ) and shrimp app . very good food . tapas style . loved the decor . great for a night out but do n't know if i 'll become a regular .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the presentation and atmosphere is excellent . the period when this restaurant is open is short . only in summer so catch while you can . i think once a summer is not a bad idea . the food is from southern regions of mexico and is authentic to the region so do n't expect canadian style food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , yes ! a friend and i wandered in around 6 o'clock tonight ; got a table right away and proceeded to have a fantastic meal . our server ( also bartender ) was knowledgeable , really explained the different hot sauces and food , sincerely cared about food allergies intolerances ( he brought it up ) and was just a really nice unpretentious guy . we started with the usual guacamole and chips . but this is no average guacamole . carefully spiced & happily lacking that typical filler of chunky red onion - it was perfect . both the la truck and polla tingua tacos ( we chose soft shell ) were simply delicious . we ended with the superb churros poutine . oh my ... i 'll be back ( probably this week )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lively energy . it seems like you walked into a tavern when you get there . the food was good but i found some of the tacos bland . although the lobster tacos were amazing with a huge lobster tail , no skimping there . make sure you book well in advance . the restaurant was packed , although it was a saturday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best guac and chips i 've ever had . probably the best tacos i 've had in toronto . the place had a nice vibe too . food was 5 5 , service was about 3.5 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to steal a phrase from everybody 's favourite tv dad , the food here is ... groin-grabbingly transcendent ! ! seriously though , the food was not undelicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way too loud and crowded ! this is not a relaxing place , i had servers bumping into me all night , our table was move after 2 hours , and my throat hurt after talking so loud all night . you 're supposed to go to a restaurant to relax , not shout and feel claustrophobic . there was not a vegetarian option tacos either , which i was not impressed with . not recommended . bad atmosphere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "atmosphere was great however i found the food was just ok . i got the chicken enchiladas which was amazing but i found the rice was undercooked and the beans were overcooked so my meal felt incomplete but i will go back and try the tacos and some alcoholic drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is actually a cool place good food and staff that is knowledgable about the food , which comes pretty darn fast . after you 've been served though the service is a little bit shit . the best thing about this place is the back patio ; however i 've been to this place 4 times and only once was the back patio open , and all four times it was n't raining . i think i 'm a little fed up with this place to be honest . when the patio is closed good luck getting a seat and it 's very frustrating when they do n't open the back patio ( which can hold about half the amount of people that the inside can hold ) . if you 're a risk taker , go to this place . when it 's good the decision to go here really pays off . in my experience most of the time it 's not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great dinner there - vibe is laid back and tables set together means you get to know the fellow diners a little bit . started with the grilled corn - pricey for what it really is ; corn with toppings . went to an assortment of tacos like the braised beef ( yum ! ) , pulled chicken ( yum ! ) , fried fish ( good ) and grilled octopus ( good but had too much sauce ) . the food comes as its ready so the pace is good - seemed the next taco came in just as we were finishing one of them . tres leches cake for dessert was a must , and turned out to be a very good decision . also a good decision to share dessert after the assortment of tacos . will certainly be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although its still busy , the food has seriously fallen off . i do n't know what happened to this place- it used to be a great spot to go to in the area . i had the chrizo , braised short rib and pulpo ( octopus ) tacos . the tacos were so sloppy and fell apart the minute i picked them up . they were also really bland . the worst part was the server came to check up on us maybe twice the entire meal . i literally had to get up to find our server so we could order another round of drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so much fun . the food is great ( maybe slightly pricey ) but i love the bar service , the excellent cocktails especially when you challenge the bartender to make something that he ; s been working on . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm doing this review for my father who does n't 'do the internet ' ! - but his opinion should be posted . he is a total'steak & potato ' guy , so it 's rare that he wanders far from that . he said the place was done up 'really nice ' ( compared to the chicken place that was there , this is a big difference and tasty surprise ) . dad mentioned the platter he got was lamb and it was so tasty and moist he will be returning to try more dishes.i really enjoy mediterranean dishes , next time i 'm in town , i will be sure to visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service , great menu selection ! ! food was very good , fresh clean flavors . the kids had chicken gyros , they enjoyed . i thought the chicken may have been just a bit dry but it was n't loaded up w sauce or oil . lamb kabobs had great flavor ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally got around to trying this place . so glad we finally did . this is authentic turkish cuisine . we started with the falafel appetizer and cigar rolls . the falafel was amazing . finely ground garbanzo beans and spices in a patty perfectly fried . so good ! the cigar rolls were feta cheese , parsley and dill rolled up in phyllo dough and fried . my favorite of the evening ! i had the chicken kebab which came with rice and small salad . the chicken was tender and juicy . my husband had the chicken kebab with yogurt . his was a thinly sliced chicken in a tomato sauce served over soft pita chips and yogurt . both plates would have fed two people ! the owner greeted us as we entered and gave us some small tastings of what they had to offer . delicious . a must try is the cacik sauce . similar to tzatziki sauce but oh so much better ! he was our guide thru his menu and a total gentleman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely fantastic food - a real diamond in the rough - do not judge this book by it 's cover !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped here on our way home from shopping thinking this was fast food , it is not by far ! ! ! we decided to try the food we were so surprised as this is authentic turkish food ! this is not a fast food . we had the sampler for two and it was a good choice ! come check it out , you wo n't be disappointed ... ... . unless you expected mcdonalds", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must to check out if you 're in the area . this is the old brass taps that got a new lease on life with stout . the owners have brought great vision to the neighborhood and taken something that was n't working and turned it on it 's head . the food menu is more than just bangers and mash , a far cry from what we usually see at irish pubs , and they feature local ontario beers on their taps . a great selection i might add as well . the service is awesome with the owner remembering my name on my second visit ... a great place to check out and call your second home ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a late lunch on a rainy weekend . the food was great , big portions and tasty to boot . i 'm pretty sure their burgers are at least a 1 2 pound , if not a 1 pound of meat . though , my perception of tastiness might 've been altered due to the time spent waiting for our food ( a cheeseburger and a blt wrap ) . owing to the rain , the place was pretty quiet . i think i was ravenous when we finally got our plates . the service was top notch but the brews , pricey . all-in-all , a decent place if you happen to be in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the vibe on this place . it 's not pretentious and the crowd is local . extensive beer list that can probably rival bier mrkt or allens .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stumbled past this place one saturday afternoon decided to yelp it ... it got good reviews ! we went inside and i really liked the decor -- and a piano ! i tinkled on the ivories a bit and moved on . it was still at their brunch menu and i think i had the classic breakfast . it was good ! the sausages were amazing . those are probably the best pub sausages i 've had -- and i 've had my fair share . the reason i only gave 3 stars is that there were only 2 tables seated at this time and the waitress was really slow and ignoring us most of the time . also , the beer is extremely expensive , more expensive than any other place around there -- for the same beer ! ! ! creemore should not be that expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has a lovely welcoming feeling . the services is friendly and attentive . the beer menu is extensive and good quality . they have a whole wall of board games to keep you entertained .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here twice , both times on the patio . as far as i am concerned this place is in the top 3 for hamburgers . alwas cooked perfectly , always juicy . great beer selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large beer selection and board games , though got a big loud once they moved us upstairs to a bigger table . downstairs by the fire was much more cozy , and the music was n't as pumpin ' . if you have a choice on where to sit , i 'd say the younger folks go upstairs , and us old fogies go downstairs ; ) we were n't there during hoppy hour ( happy hour ) , but i love when places have one . bonus points for that . it 's definitely a place i 'd be willing to go back to . probably more of a 3.5 stars . if you are looking for a place to go with friends for a drink i 'd say check it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why the high ratings ? had lunch with colleagues . service was fine . the waitresses were authentically mexican and spoke to me pretty much in spanish only , which was fine . it is a mexican restaurant after all . i had a shrimp tacos , beans & rice , and a margarita . the margarita was weak . do not order one . the shrimp tacos had no flavor . none . the shrimp could be easily improved upon with lemon or lime and a dash of salt and pepper . i do n't like beans and the rice was `` aiiight '' . overall , edible , but very underwhelming food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if it was n't for yelp , i would have never checked this place out . authentic food . good portions . reasonable prices . i had the spinach and cheese enchillada ( i am not vegetarian and still found it to be delicious - would order again ) . meals come with a side of beans and rice . meal was about $ 8 and still had some leftovers . mango frozen margarita was a little pricey at $ 10 . did n't expect it to be more than my meal . but it was delicious and the perfect amount of alcohol . good ( free ) chips and salsa too ! can be a little difficult to get in and out of the parking lot strip mall where they are located , but do n't let that deter you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hubby being from houston and me eating a lot of mexican texmex while we were dating ... ..mexican food anywhere else is like a joke . unless you are willing to try cantinas # something . now those are always the best ! anyway there are days when hubby gets really nostalgic and craves mexican food so we decided to try las margarita because it was close to home and it always looks packed when we drive by . the service was awesome ! we got so many refills of chips and salsa . the salsa was made fresh . the margarita was really yum too . i ordered the chicken tacos and hubby got the fajitas . both of us were satisfied with the dishes we ordered . maybe there are other mexican restaurants that are more authentic out there but this place sure beats the typical on the border or chevys . but if you are about the ambiance rather than the food then this is not the place for you . its a huge restaurant with great service and good food . order a pitcher of margarita and enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best mexican in the queen city ! great prices and friendly staff . the pico de gallo is so fresh . never have i had anything bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to las margaritas since it was named something different ( el valle , if memory serves ) , and as i can recall , it 's about the same , other than the name thing . of course , these days , the restaurants all look about the same - now i 'm really starting to sound old ! on this particular night , i had a burrito , and the ingredients tasted fresh , as has been mentioned before , but i 'll have to say that by the time we arrived , i was pretty beat , so i was just glad to be able to have something to eat . i 'll also concur with tony c , and say that the service here was top-notch , and if there is anything that falters , it 's probably the food . it is n't that it 's bad , it 's just that it 's not outstanding .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , great food , and great prices . this place does not disappoint . i will be back : - ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their lunch specials are nuts portion wise . from somewhere between $ 5-7 you can get pretty much a double portion of a lot of mexican standards . i opted for chilaquiles which were pretty solid and tasted damn near as good the next dar when i microwaved them at the office . so that 's like $ 3 per lunch ? ! insane .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was some of the friendliest service i 've had in awhile . our server was very sweet and did a great job with making conversation while not being overbearing . the chips served were pretty tasty , they serve a pickled pico-style along with a traditional mild salsa . we each had the chimichanga 's with beef and they were excellent- very crispy served with guacamole , sour cream , lettuce , tomato , pickled veggies , rice , and refried beans . the dish was huge . we left completely stuffed . for a mere $ 25 we had two dinners , two drinks + tip so it was an incredible value . i ca n't wait to go back and try their very reasonably price mojitos ( under $ 5 ! ) enjoyed it and will be back again for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i use to eat at this restaurant all the time , and once they started construction on independence i forgot all about it . but yesterday i really wanted mexican food really bad , and decided to return they upgraded the place a lot it looks a lot better than it use to look really nice and the staff are sweet . the food wow the food was amazing , i had the fajita burrito and it was about as big as the big factory one they serve at cheesecake factory . much cheaper version and really fantastic just awesome it was soo much food i had to get the rest to go , the plates were huge they did n't skimp on anything just awesome you should try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dined here last night based on yelp reviews and it was close to our hotel . the place is not all that fancy - located on a busy main road with a bunch of construction going on . once inside we were greeted by our very friendly server . chips , salsa and pico quickly followed . my husband is extremely picky about his margaritas and our texas margaritas on the rocks did not disappoint . our food arrived quickly and portions were generous . i really enjoyed my mojarra frita . i order it often , and i particularly like the way this one was seasoned , and was extra crispy . i was surprised this place was n't busier on a saturday night . it might be the location , or the road construction but based on food , drinks and service , i would give them a try if you 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorites on independence drive . chips and salsa aways fresh . veg burritos incredible . tonight had the mushrooms quesadilla . awesome . service epic and friendly . prices great . atmosphere pleasantly causal . eat here often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! we eat here at least 4-5 times a year and the food is always good . the carnitas is some of the best i 've had north of the border ! if you want authentic mexican food , this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here several times and recount flavorable memories . so , i eagerly anticipated my return . the tradional chips were on the table , but with several salsas . each were good in their own way , but none of them were very spicy . i ordered the spinach enchilada . it came with rice and beans on a huge plate . i have had this in the past , but remember it having more flavor . the spinach needed salt , and it all just tasted bland . i did put a little salsa on the food to perk it up . i noticed in the menu , desserts was spelled `` deserts . '' i did not order any , but it was not because of the misspelling . the waitress brought us a complimentary sugary treat after our meal , which was a nice touch . i will try it again . an off night can happen anywhere , even in my own kitchen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went here after reading the reviews and wanting a change from our usual three amigos routine the space and the service were great and very attentive the chips were warm ( always a plus ) and the pico was awesome i got the carnitas de puerco and my girl got the chicken tacos my carnitas were tough and fatty and it tasted like they had n't changed their fry-o-later oil recently , but all the things that came with it were awesome , guac was great , pickled onions and other pickled veggies ( nopal , and pico with beans in it ) we awesome and unexpected . beans and rice were standard her chicken tacos were very standard and nothing to write home about i might give it another try cause the service was so sweet , we 'll see .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went again last night . it was delicious . they have the best chips and salsa ever made in the history of the world ( legit ) . as usual , we got good service and the food was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las margaritas is a great mexican restaurant . usually , my family and i would eat as don pedro 's , but after eating here , we switched . food is a bit cheaper , a bit better , and the atmosphere is fitting for a mexican restaurant . service is also very good and there are rarely any issues . i 'm yet to have a bad food experience , their cheese enchilada is to die for ! also , their complementary salsa and chips are delicious , as well as the cinnamon-cream desert chips that come with the bill . portions are huge , but filling , and you always leave happy ! great restaurant that i will return to ! .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "behold . a magical mexican food wonderland for you to discover , and everything is served on a plate the size of a truck tire . fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always get carnitas . enough for two great meals , some times 3 ! the service is always friendly and quick . they remember you every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here one time for dinner . ordered the chalupa . and no kidding , it is huge ! the service is slow and the experience was n't too fantastic with a noisey family with no courtesy to others dining in . besides that , my chalupa was good . it was not busy , just how i like it . very close to home for me so it will probably become a regular pick up spot for myself and my fiance . they are located in that construction zone on independence.. oh yeah , and that have nice drink specials ! we tryed the rasberry margarita ; yumm ( - :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "four and a half stars , actually . this is one of my two go-to mexican restaurants in charlotte , depending on what part of town i 'm in and which one is closer . love the salsa , almost always get the carnitas , never had a bad meal . have taken groups of 8-10 in for lunch and still got great service . ca n't go wrong here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times before but something is different and not in a good way.. i was quickly seated which was great but could n't decide what i wanted so i decided to order one mexican style taco i was told that i could n't just order one or i would bd charged for chips and salsa i never encountered this before and i 've been to several mexican restaurant when my tacos did come out the tortilla shells were too greasy and i had to send it back the second time the tacos were better but forcing someone to spend a certain amount of money is just wrong i wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favorite lunch haunts . a nice selection of traditional `` american '' style mexican dishes along with more authentic fare . service is always good and fast . consistently very good food and reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . i 'm a little on the snobby side when it comes to my mexican . this place really is n't bad by any means but it definitely is n't in the same ballpark of some of my other hot spot joints . the food quality is ok depending on what you 're getting i suppose . personally , i was a little offended my carnitas were of the chunky and deep fried variation . not my cup of tea man . the nachos and cheese dip were as expected . the kid 's quesadilla was the smallest quesadilla on the face of this planet . the potion sizes otherwise seem really decent , i will admit that . prices are pretty modest with a diverse menu and good selection of alcohol . i was n't that impressed with the layout atmosphere . it feels more like a fast food restaurant than a nicer sit-down restaurant . my kid may or may not have gotten sick here . if i found myself in the area again , i might give the menu another go around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is becoming a habit . i am hooked on the chicken fajitas and find myself trying to talk the hubs into going here at least once a week ( he usually shows restraint and limits me to every other week ) . as much as i love the food , it 's the service that really makes this place shine . never any issues if you ask for extras , want more chips and salsa ? just ask and it will appear before you , no hassle like some other places . the place is always clean and i find the seating to be comfortable . the only food i have tried are the fajitas , and at some places i think that makes me narrow minded but when it comes to mexican food , i like what i like ! i am so happy to live so close to this place ! ! i 'm already thinking about going for lunch since i 'm guessing the hubs wo n't want to go for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh . it 's not texmex but it 's decent . i had chicken quesadillas . they were decent . service was good . margaritas were on the weak side but since i rate to never have one , it was fine to share . if you 're a margarita loving texmex person , you might keep looking . but if you 're looking for a hole in the wall family friendly guy next door place with decent food , stop on in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ate here for business . the food is good but the service is slow . good prices", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go here weekly for the nachos . $ 7 and its a huge plate , served with beef , beans , guacamole , sour cream , tomatoes , onions and enough cheesy goodness to hold it all together . the decor is wonderfully corny and the staff is really friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came upon this awesome hole-in-the-wall sunday brunch spot during our girls ' reunion and were enamored at first sight with the quirky decor and the spacious patio area . we decided to go with the all you can eat and drink brunch buffet , which was excellent and included chicken enchiladas , patatas con tomate , and a custom omelette bar . our waitress , angie , wrote her name down on our paper tablecloth at the beginning , which i thought was nice and was only the start of her extremely personalized and wonderful service throughout our dining experience . sitting out on the patio with the fans blowing in our faces as we drank our awesome bottomless drinks ( the mojitos are out of this world ) felt like a really authentic experience . and angie bringing us our tequila shots followed by sangrita chasers was a plus too ! all in all a great experience and would definitely recommend to everyone in town for a unique sunday brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch eatin joint . good tacos , salsa variety , and the eye-pleasing interior design make this place a good bet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! the servers and staff are very friendly , even as the restaurant seems busy . food is consistently great . my favorite is the burrito , i get it with ground beef . my boyfriend enjoys the steak nachos . chimichanga is great as well . cheese dip-always great . we love having las margaritas as a neighborhood place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always prompt service , even on cinco de mayo ! the food comes out hot & quick . the staff is always friendly . this is my go-to authentic mexican spot & has been for years ! viva la mexico ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place quickly became my roomates and my sunday morning place . i cant even remember where it was that we used to go , but we tried this place once and we never went back to our original hole . very quick as expected , we have probably ordered 10-15 ( with various friends we would bring along ) different things on the menu and i cant remember one we didnt like enough to order again . great place , kind of a pain with all of the independence construction , but whatever , i mean its independence , i feel its been under construction for 20 years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we frequent this establishment 1-2 times a week ! we love our mexican food and this place has been a superb find . probably some of the best enchiladas ( chicken ) we have had in a long time . i tend to order chicken-steak fajitas . we always get beef nachos . good salsa ... not too spicy . we always get our food to go , but if you want to eat in there is plenty of room , it 's clean and the service is always good and friendly ! so from a big mexican food fan who is used to food in chicago , go ahead and give this place a try . i am sure you wo n't be disappointed when you realize it 's affordable and you have leftovers ! be alert though when you drive to this place , it 's in a strip mall on the right-hand side if traveling east on independence ... just before brazaz", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las margaritas is one of the better mexican restaurants in east charlotte . standard fare mexican food . you have to be excellent to stay in business in the area with so many competitors . it is great family restaurant . always good food always good service . i never have to wait . great selection of mexican cerveza and margaritas . ca n't go wrong . you will leave with a stuffed tummy and still have plenty of pesos in your pocket .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken creama is delicious ! we 've been here a couple times and i really enjoy the food . their salsa is also better than most places for chip and salsa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place i go here all the time and the food is delicious always great fast service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great value , great service . amazing portions , great chicken and fresh ingredients . and a good margarita ! i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place deserves every star . the food is great . nothing over the top but good quality . what i love the most is the waitstaff . they are always friendly and attentive . i dont get here often but i always have a fantastic experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hidden spot off the busy freeway . awesome prices and awesome food . ordered a takeout order and it was ready and hot when i got there in 15 minutes . love their pico de gallo and chimichanga ! i ordered two entrees for $ 13 including tax . go to a chain restaurant and you 'll get half that food for that price . the staff is really friendly and the food is fresh . ca n't go wrong here . ca n't wait to try a margarita next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where do you go when you need that greasy mexican fix ? me i go to las margaritas . sure you can choose one of the other ten mexican joints on independence but then you would n't receive the friendly service and $ 5 bucket of coronitas that las margaritas serves everyday . cheese dip , tacos , and beer is n't that what mexican food is all about ! yes from time to time i will throw a margarita into the mix", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place a few times and have enjoyed it . service is really friendly . you get a lot of food for your buck . the daiquiris are great too . i 'd definitely recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh , authentic , delicious . fast friendly service . wish we lived in charlotte so we could eat here more often . decor is old and worn . feels like an old family restaurant . casual . vegetarian menu options . the spinach quesadilla is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the 7 years since i moved from my home of los angeles i have never found good mexican good . the east coast just does n't bring it the way i hoped . enter las margaritas ! it 's like being home again with authentic hole in the wall mexican joints that are as easy to find as a subway in southern california . we eat here now about 1-2 times a week and love it every single time . i 'm happy we stumbled into this unassuming little place as it makes charlotte feel even more like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in by accident ... was hungry and too tired to cook . i 'm cuban transplant from miami so i figured it could n't hurt to try las margaritas . i got the grilled skirt steak platter ... a bit expensive , but i got to choose how the steak was cooked . enough food to feed me x3 ( i 'm a gastric bypass survivor ) . tons of steak , rice and beans ! some kind of guacamole garnishment on top , that made everything else tasty ! i got it 'to go ' and i would absolutely return to eat inside ! this restaurant is in a small strip mall on e.independence and because of the road changes there if you are not aware , you could pass it by . if you enter via monroe rd , turn on lanier and go until it dead ends and you will be at the strip mall it is in . it will be my new best go to restaurant for the cotswold area i live inn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "salsa was fresh and amazing . they served 2 different kinds . had the vegetarian lunch burrito which was large , yummy and filling . location is in a non descript shopping center but would definitely recommended stopping here if you are in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why does this place have four stars ? it makes zero sense . there are n't any great mexican places in eastland , and this is no exception . completely average mexican food that i 've had at dozens of different mexican restaurants through multiple states . margaritas is different thanks to their slower service , terrible interior , and even worse parking lot . i 'd go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered out from here one night and were overall pretty pleased . it 's good if you are just looking for some basic mexican food . they have two kinds of salsa and the cheese dip was the same as you would get anywhere else . we had bean burritos which were huge , and covered with cheese sauce and each had a side of rice which has some vegetables in it . the rice was delicious , nice and fluffy . we will def . be ordering from here again in the future when we need to satisfy our craving for mexican .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd really like to give this place 3.5 stars , but i decided to be generous and round up to 4 since i 'd gladly go back again . i had the chicken enchiladas with verde sauce which came with rice and re-fried beans . i also ordered a side of guacamole . all of it was pleasantly average , no complaints . the chips and salsa that they bring out were ok . the salsa was the soupy kind some places make , instead of the more pulpy thicker sauce-like stuff i prefer . service was nice and i felt well taken care of . this place met my basic standards for decent mexican food for american eaters . i 'd go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since moving to charlotte i have been searching for the right mexican restaurant . i lived in wilmington , nc and i had a specific spot to fulfill my mexican food cravings . i was hesitant at first on ordering from here , but i 'm grateful that i did . the food is excellent , as well as the staff . the portions and prices are fair . this has become my `` spot '' for mexican food in charlotte !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service . food is consistently good , we love to stop in often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "portions are huge , it 's the best mexican food i 've found over the years.my comfort food if i 'm back in the area , especially if it 's during lunch hours , when the prices are super reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here several times and it never disappoints . service is always fast and friendly . the two salsas they serve taste very fresh . the burrito california with chicken is incredible and the portions for every entree are very generous . although i am fairly new to charlotte i have been convinced that this is one of the top mexican restaurants in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las margaritas is the one of the best mexican restaurants in charlotte . food is always good and the service is too . great place for lunch or dinner . the pico de gallo is awesome as is the chicken soup . i also like their fajitas and carne asada . very reasonably priced and super friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place to me anyway . very authentic mexican dishes offered plus the usual expected type items on the menu and presented very nicely , brightly colored room , very clean with fast service and super , super friendly staff that are sincerely glad you came . very much worth trying if you really love mexican food and fantastic margaritas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a solid mexican restaurant with great friendly service . the food was pretty decent . certainly not the best i have had , but pretty good . the waitress was friendly with our kids which is always a bonus . the fajitas were good and the mexican ice cream was decent . my husband 's burrito was huge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first of all there was dishonesty in pricing over charged me $ 4.75 other then that food was oaky do n't recommended as authentic mexican food", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff is awesome ! ! the food was good and very large portions ! staff seems to all work together . they have great drink specials and the virgin drinks are awesome too ! loved they offer 2 types of salsas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i started going to de la fit in october for back problems and wanting to get in shape but not knowing where to start . in the past 3 months my posture has improved immensely ( read no more back problems ) , im stronger than i have been in years and playing sports with friends is so much more fun . i would highly recommend deedee and stefannie 's work and am so happy with my results !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always feel like i `` fit-in '' at delafit ! i have been taking some personal training classes with the owner and she is fabulous ! she always has safety and my best interests in mind . i feel great and energized when i leave . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got introduced to de la fit by doing there 5 week promotional boot camp a few months ago . stephanie is amazing to say the least along with her entire work staff . i lost 10 lbs in 5 weeks and gained some muscle . i ca n't believe how good i feel ! ! ! if you want to drop some weight and feel better about yourself i highly recommend to go visit de la fit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to delafit for over 3 years , and i love it ! the classes are small allowing for personal attention and focus on each individual 's needs and goals . i started going based on a friend 's referral and even though i live in chandler and 40 minutes away , i continue to go because i 've seen wonderful results . the trainers know what they 're doing and ensure you are using proper form for maximum results . they hold you accountable . and they 're motivational and push you to levels you never thought you could reach . i think the best part is there is no shaming . i 'm on the heavier side but never feel shunned . everyone looks out for each other . truly fitness for every body ! there are class times to fit any schedule and the membership fees are worth the value for the personal attention you receive . the gym is well equipped and exercises vary to keep your interest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place to feel at home when you go to a gym or a private personal training session de la fit is the place for you . weather you are looking for individual training or small group training sessions , de la fit offers all kinds of different options for your fitness . steffanie , monica , diana , teresa , and the rest of the staff are passionate and dedicated to helping all of their clients and prospective clients be the best they can possibly be . de la fit = fitness for everyone ! stop by today to see what they have to offer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday was the 4th or 5th time being here and even though service has gotten better , the amount of food that is served on the plates have significantly decreased in size . a side of fries was a tiny plate of 10 thick cut steak fries for $ 3.50 ! turkey melt was 1 3 the size from opening day . maybe the bread changed but it was much smaller . they also had newer large flat dishes , but it makes all the food appear smaller . if this does n't change , will not be going back . the bill was $ 48 for 2 beers , 1 malbec , 12 wings , 1 turkey melt and 1 side of fries . not worth the money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a small hiccup at the beginning of our visit was quickly forgotten by the great service we had after . the food was great , hot , tasted wonderful . we shared 2 dishes & we were completely stuffed when we left . we had fun playing the trivia team game . they have games every tuesday night starts bf around 7:30 & the top 3 winners get gift cards for the restaurant . 1st $ 25 # 2 $ 15 $ & # 3 $ 10 this was a great experience & we will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as i write this review , i 've been waiting for a table for 45 minutes but am looking at a half empty restaurant . this location of hickory tavern has just opened and the management apparently was n't prepared . i 've been told that the kitchen staff `` does n't know the menu yet '' and is backed up , and so they 're delaying seating for 45 minutes to allow the kitchen to catch up . i anticipate the kitchen manager and gm will both be getting a pink slip after this weekend ! major fail .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kids meals were good , much better then mine . my burger was broken it was supposed to be mushroom and onion but two mushrooms and a few onions . service great ! timisha was awesome ! was surprised the 1 3 of all the people in the full restaurant were kids and out of the 12 tvs none were on kid friendly shows .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "takeout took 30 minutes after 8pm on a tuesday . no apologies . i 'll let the food speak for itself . photo attached . yuck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i debated as to whether to give them two stars or 3 . when we came here the first time , the food was pretty good . the new server who was our waitress was super sweet . we came back a second time and our app was the oysters . huge mistake . they were nasty . we spat them out . the manager came by our table and asked if we enjoyed them . we told him they were bad . he spent his time explaining how they pick them carefully , blah blah blah . they were bad and we knew they were bad . my husband and i spent most of our lives within an hour of the ocean . we 've eaten a ton of oysters and these were bad . the manager did n't offer anything in exchange for bad food and that was bad . we would have left with better feelings if he had comped them , but he did n't . we wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was fine . service meh . waited too long for the waitress to pick up my card . and they charge for extra pita bread ... really ? that pita bread really was going to set you back ? maybe you should give more pita bread with the appetizer to begin with . also let me know that it is going to be an extra charge so i can say no .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to this new restaurant on sunday night , we 're finally seated after 45 minutes . our waiter told us that although there were plenty of empty tables , the kitchen could n't keep up and that was the reason for the long wait . we ordered our food and it was delivered after a reasonable amount of time . service was good , and the food was good as well . the salad was excellent . only problem was miscommunication with our waiter and a bill that was definitely on the high side , particularly for a sports bar . we had one order of chicken tenders , an appetizer , and two salads and with the tip , our bill was almost $ 50.00 . for the money we spent , we could have had a nice steak dinner , and will next time . prices way too high for the quality and amount of food , i highly doubt we will be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "usually pretty pleased with my experiences at hickory tavern . tonight started off a little differently . not crowded for a saturday evening , we chose open high-top seating . there was a large party next to us . we waited . and waited . and waited . finally my husband had to approach the hostess station to ask that someone please at least take our order . so another waitress came to the rescue . i ordered a shrimp po boy plain with only roumelade sauce . it arrived with pickles . augh . i did n't say anything because who knows how long it would have taken to get me a fresh roll , not spoiled by pickle `` juice '' . i abhor pickles . a tad dry and light on sauce , the manager was kind enough to bring me another one . the live music made things a tad better . will give this location maybe one more try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the waitress was very slow and not very attentive . we waited a long time for food and drinks . this is 2nd time we have been in this location , well the hickory on providence is the best one-we have great service and our drinks and food arrive in a timely manner . we also see management making stops at tables to chat with guests.i told the manager at the fort mill location about our service and she just looked at us and frowned ? ? then walked away ? ? we must have had 4 different people bring our food and drinks ? ? table maintenance was terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever . the last time we were here we asked for just chicken tenders . we only wanted a few and did n't want a side . we were told - that ca n't be done . really , you have it so why not ? ? the bartender at the time suggested that we order the kids tenders . we did not at this time but this past week i ordered that and as the bartender brought me my order he told us the kitchen manager said to charge us more money . we asked to speak to him to find out what was going on & he wouldnt speak with us . this says a lot when you 're recommended something , then say you ca n't have it and in the end they rather throw your order away and let the customer walk away ! great customer service ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was very slow . it took almost an hour to receive our appetizer from the time we sat down . the food was very bottom of the barrel , not like the other locations in the charlotte area . our family will not be returning to this restaurant location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what 's happened to hickory tavern ? reduced menus , terrible food that 's overpriced for the quality , bartenders that appear to not give a crap about any customers and a waitstaff that puts the wait in staff . does anyone recognize quality food and good service anymore ? disappointing from how good this chain used to be . now it 's on the must avoid list in search of better food and staff . indian land resturant owners and managers , the small selection of restaurants in old fort mill are much much better choices ... too bad we ca n't support our local restaurants ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate there last sunday . as usual , good food , great service . our server , bren , was exceptional . beer was super cold , just the way i like it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "daniel was very pleasant and hospitable while being behind the bar ! ! ! it was a pleasure seeing someone so devoted even though they were working on christmas eve . the food has always been a plus too ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dining mates and i decided for a late night `` something '' to eat after a show . the restaurant was fairly busy for a friday night . the host was friendly and seated us . we had very friendly attentive service . our orders were : chicken wings , sauce on the side , fish tacos , hummus appetizer , coffee and sweet tea . the coffee was very weakly brewed to our taste , the sweet tea also weak in flavor . the hummus was creamy and delicious , pita bread became stiff and hard after standing a bit , chicken wings very tasty , crispy but somewhat salty for some of us , most likely from the rub , the fish tacos came out as shrimp tacos and was very delicious so my dining mate did n't complain . the side of picked onions that came with it very tasty as were the sweet potato fries . tv 's were on overhead but all in all nothing overly noisy . comfortable clean atmosphere . we would come back again and try other choices from the menu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have frequented many of the other locations and still do but this location just opened closer to our home . have been here twice first time was not so good because it was too cold in the restaurant however the food and service were ok. second round the food was hot and cooked to perfection . service was great friendly prompt . im sick of going to cruddy restaurants , thanks guys for another great meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the 4pm pats game and hung around for the evening game . lauren was a delight ! very helpful and personable ! she never rushed me even though i held on to one of her tables of almost six hours . great food and drinks for the game ! ! a manager was never far from my table and clearly involved with their staff and each guest that walked through the door . even though it was busy i felt like i was the only table that mattered . definitely a pla c e i will want to come back to ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "restaurant has a nice atmosphere and is clean . food is good but not above average . staff was friendly . i really like the brussel sprouts and the grape salad sides . they did n't have the ingredients to make the grape salad which was disappointing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been several times and the food is always very good . service struggles as they seem to hire very inexperienced personnel . they spend more time on their cell phones than with their guests . we really like the nachos , wings and several of the sandwiches . the shrimp and grits are very good as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super bar staff . never had to wait for a refill . location great . one star down from 5 though . high noise level and music a bit loud . either that or i am getting old . good atmosphere . recommend a visit", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seemed like we waited a while for our tavern chips but the manager brought them out ... said he did n't like the looks of the first batch and made them do over . worth it . they were hot and crisp and great . our chicken tenders and wings were awesome . the place was loud and packed with sunday football fans . way better than than the ht we have at home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new hickory tavern going through grand opening pains . i expect the level of service and wait times to be much improved over the next several months . the waitstaff has been great and the manager even threw in free apps for when we waited a while for our food . been here 3 times and continues to improve . the food is always good ( above avg . ) and enough tvs to give you neck cramps .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "does what it does - better than most . food is certaily adaquate . staff is appropriate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here 3 times and each time was pretty basic . nothing overly exciting or fantastic but decent . i do n't go out of my way to eat here but if someone else wants to go i will be okay with it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered take out a couple days ago . ready on time . order verified and chicken fingers were fabulous as always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "french dip and grilled buffalo chicken sandwich were excellent . staff was superb and have no complaints . great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to dinner here on monday night place very noisy our waiter was ok but food was not good at all my hamburger was not seasoned at all chips were soggy and my wife had a lobster roll that was very very salty and the pieces of lobster were too big for the roll and fruit salad not great", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the buffalo chicken tacos had were tasty but there was hardly any chicken in them : one pinkie-sized piece of chicken in each taco . good service from the bartender and the ambiance is solid for watching sports .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not impressed with the service at all ! in fact i would say my first and last visit was atrocious ! ! the `` waitress '' if i could call her that was horrible ... uncaring about her job and clearly unhappy with waiting on customers ... not judging just reporting facts . when the waitress rolls her eyes at you when you say you need a few more minutes ! ! when you ask the waitress what dressings there are for salads and the waitress points at the menu makes you well aware you have chosen the wrong local establishment to support ! piss poor service . piss poor food as well ! such a shame though ... ..i would strongly suggest driving a bit further to blakeney or stonecrest !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to three hickory taverns , but this was the best one . our server was very prompt and the restaurant was immaculate -- not so much with the other two . they must have one heck of a manager at this one , because each time we 've been there , everything from the restrooms to the silverware has been sparkling . i love their fish tacos . they are fresh and filling . the pico must be house-made because it 's really crisp . my husband likes their burgers , and the little honey rolls they serve with their salads are awesome . the soft pretzels are delicious and fresh , and the dipping sauces are so good . sometimes the vegetable sizes are hit or miss in terms of preparation , but overall they are generally good . this location is more low-key than the one in gastonia , where the noise level and tv overload are pretty overwhelming . glad we have a location near us now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bruntsfield is spoiled for choice when it comes to quaint little shops selling unique gifts and cards . this shop stocks some really fun , unique cards and wrapping paper to go perfectly with the gifts you will inevitably buy in here . i found some cute little winnie the pooh letters in here for my nephews room at the bargain price of \u00a32 ! as soon as you enter the shop you are hit with an amazing aroma of different fruits and spices- coming from their huge selection of candles . there is a great selection of notebooks , recipe journals and travel organisers as well as some really cute kitchen bits and bobs . everyone 's designs is a really lovely shop , the kind of place your mum or gran would have a great time shopping in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "von wegen , b\u00fcrobedarf ... wer hat das denn kategorisiert hier ? bei everyone 's design gibt es die sch\u00f6nsten britischen karten f\u00fcr alle anl\u00e4sse . ich glaube nicht , dass es in deutschland solche gesch\u00e4fte \u00fcberhaupt gibt . man findet wirklich alles , von der kartenauswahl zum 1 . ehejahr \u00fcber die karte f\u00fcr den besten stiefbruder und das neue enkelkind . alles was im leben einen grund geben k\u00f6nnte , eine karte zu versenden , findet man in diesem kleinen laden , der zur weihnachtszeit auch bis 17h ge\u00f6ffnet hat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another convenient gift shop with trendy gifts and cards for all occasions . granted most of them are more girlie it 's certainly more upmarket than your average edward monkton corner store . from funky china , to sweet candles and other quirky ideas i tend to head here if i am stuck on gift ideas for friends . i particularly like the unique card selection- some of them could make gifts on their own . the layout of the store makes it very convenient to browse for seemingly hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice selection of cards , a very random selection of notebooks , but a slightly unfriendly environment . well , it is bruntsfield , which is a very nice area . so i suppose this is a very nice gift and card store . they had some expensive-ish art for sale too . as i mentioned , the notebooks were a little random . i could only find 2 plain , lined notebooks out of two stacked shelves . the rest were all address books , birthday books , diaries etc . very odd . if i was in the area , and needed a card i 'd pop in . simples .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys are great . ever since o'reilly took over the service is awesome . i know almost nothing about cars , except when they break it costs too much . the guys at this store have helped me find what i need , & even helped me find a great deal or two . tonight was the pinnacle of fabulous service . i stopped for gas across the street , & my car refused to start . what a piece of crap huh ? it 's like 30 degrees out . a great friend 's husband came & got my battery charged so i could drive over to o'reilly . they tested my battery , determined it was a goner , & then offered to install the new one after i bought it . the guy stood out in the cold with my friend 's awesome husband & they replaced my battery . they do not charge for this at all ! what a great business model , they have actual good customer service ! the logo is a disaster , but who cares with such great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was time to change out the air and cabin filters in my honda civic . i refused to pay $ 100 just for filters at the dealership . it was so outrageous they wanted to charge that much for such simple work . i stopped into autozone first , but they did n't have them at the store . it will take about 3-5 days to special order it . i figured o'reilly was nearby so gave them a try . so glad that i did . they have them in stock and much more selections than autozone . prices were about the same . staff was so helpful and knowledge too . he gave me some great tips on the different filters . the best part was that he even helped me put both filters at no charge . he indicated most newer honda civic are designed that you can diy and youtube for guidance . great place to shop and learn a little more about your car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in here for a new car battery . we brought he old battery to compare the model . the guy helping us did the free power check on the current battery and explained all the options i had in detail . since the battery was already about 3 years old i decided it was time for a new one . he went over the options very clearly . overall great experience with knowledgable staff . it is worth it to go here over walmart even if the walmart prices are a bit cheaper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first i got lucky catching my battery on the way out - rather than after it died . second it turns out it was still under a 2-yr warranty . finally after testing it in my car for free they gave me the new one and installed it for me free . nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a new jumbo sun visor for my rav 4 . i walked in and had it purchased within minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars , i would . now i never write reviews , so that fact that i feel the need to discourage people from coming here , is saying a lot . first time i interacted with them , they refused to deliver a necessary car part to the shop , which was only a mile down the road . so i had to take 4 uber rides back and forth , delivering a car part . real nice treatment for the customers . not . after all of this , i learned it was because they had a bad relationship with the car shop . they need to learn not to involve their customers in a problem with another business . that is beyond unprofessional . second time . the car part they gave to me , it broke within 3 weeks . 3 weeks . expected it to be under warranty ... they refused to give me another one . i would discourage anyone from ever doing business with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great hours ! open until 10:00 . most other places closed at 7:00 or 8:00 . the customer service was so great . friendly , informative and helpful . had trouble with several other places , but everything went . dry smooth here . fair price and best warranty offered . will come here again , and will recommend to other people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , i called in for a part that i needed since auto zone sold me the wrong thing . they held the store open late for me to run in and get it ! today , my mom needed a new battery and david saved the day again and changed it out no problem and helped me with my back lights . excellent customer service , david is always super helpful and willing ! customer service keeps me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 're pretty damn friendly & helpful too . o'reilly does n't have the best selection of parts in the world but the employees at this location are helpful and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far the best o'reillys store i 've been to anywhere . and i 've been to a lot of them in several different states ! today i was helped by the manager rudy , and this guy is over the top when it comes to excellence ! he treated me extremely well , told me of the lend a tool policy that will help me with my project . was helpful in saving me money , and just really made me feel respected and appreciated . i certainly feel the same towards him , and see why this store blows the competition away ... attitude is everything , and rudy and other staff members certainly have positive ones ! i really ca n't say enough great things about this particular location ! i will shop here exclusively from now on for my automotive needs . grateful it 's in my neighborhood , and grateful for a superstar mgr like rudy ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a great selection on parts . have to ask to get helped . i was the only person in there when i asked three sales associates for help . they pointed to where they thought the product was and never offered assistance . thank you my experience was at the fountain hills location ... pick it up fh ... pick it up", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just went to buy a new bulb for my headlight . marcos not only helped right away , but offered to put it in without hesitation . great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the broth a just totally saved me over 100 bucks ! ! price match auto heaven ! ! ! ! thanks again rudy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very bad customer service . i was abandoned once a customer came in after me yelling `` i need a new battery '' . i was on my own at that point .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i walked in there to get 0w20 or oil which most if not all four cylinder cars take in the past 4or 5 years and i got a smart aleck response . some kid with curly hair at the counter is telling me that no cars take that and that 's why they 're out of stock . well my 08 accord and 12 camry use it and i 'm pretty sure they are common cars ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "david went above and beyond when we broke down in scottsdale near the oreilly store . we bought our battery from oreillys and thought we needed a new one , turns out it was the starter . david tried to jump the car and get the starter going . we were going to tow and uber home and he recommended an awesome mobile mechanic ! thumbs up to anytime automotive too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know if they 're just having a bad day or what , but i wanted to do a warranty exchange on my radiator , and the guy did n't understand when i had purchased the old one . the smart money would to be to look it up on my account , which i suggested they do , but the manager came over and got snippy with me and said that i was being crappy . i do n't know what kind of customer service you have , but telling the customer that he 's being crappy is n't very good , whether he 's being crappy or not . i asked for my receipt back and left the store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the part i needed cost less than $ 20 and they still installed it for me just to be nice ( or to stop me from making a fool of myself in their parking lot , but really -- think of the laughs they missed by being kind ) . i would happily go back to this store often , except i do n't really want to need more car parts ! maybe i could collect key rings or something harmless like floor mats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came into to test my battery and not only did they test it and were very helpful but they looked up my number and found that i last purchased a battery from them 4 years ago and applied a $ 46 credit to my purchase of a new battery . he gave me all the tools and even gloves to do the job . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service person named michael helped me last saturday with car i had towed to oreilly 's . he went above and beyond . i thought i had a battery problem which tested out ok . the service person researched potential problems and the recommeded i talk to `` joe '' who was gruff , but helpful . joe recommended ron fassl automotive llc located at 903 n. miller rd , suite b in tempe , az and was this a positive experience . the car required a new starter . both business , are knowledgeable , helpful and honest . as a female my experience with car repair is a feeling of being taken advantage of and this was `` not the case '' , highly recommed both business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "applause ! applause ! the first time i went to this o'reilly auto parts store , it was to buy a side view mirror . the clerk easily & quickly located the specific type of mirror i needed . it was ordered & i was able to pick it up that same day . when i returned staff members , david , mike & stephen , were not only incredibly helpful , they were friendly & very knowledgeable of the all the auto parts & services they provide . david took the time to look at my mirror & kindly referred me to a shop that would install it at a reasonable price . in continuance , that shop was called & a price was given over the phone . i was so impressed with the extent of customer care & service at this particular store i will always return even though i live 20 miles away . thanks guys ! kl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service attitude and great product display , however their prices are on the expensive side . easy access that 's very close to phoenix , scottsdale , and tempe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this pool ! it 's clean and free ! i came here right after going to woodbine beach , i loved it ! it basically has 3 different pools , one for diving , one kiddy pool , and one pool for adults over 18 , if your under age they make you do this test so they know that you can swim . but if you look older then your age then they probably wo n't even ask you . it has clean showers , and clean enough washrooms . i ca n't wait to come back here , i 'll be back soon before the summer 's over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a warm day this pool is absolutely filthy by the end of the day . the cleaning staff are not able to keep up with the mess . the bottom of the pool is either stained very badly or appears to contaminated with `` dirt '' . the filter has been cleaned since the beginning of the season but remains filthy rusty . the hallways and changing rooms smell of urine . this has to be the worst pool in the city with respect to cleanliness . on a cool day when not many people are using the facility it is slightly better , although the dirt and stains in the pool remain a permanent fixture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this great facility right next to woodbine beach offers free entrance , sufficient space for lane swimming and two additional pools for leisure and diving . it surely could be more modern , but altogether it is in good condition - and again , it 's free .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this pool . kids have a separate pool which is great and there are lots of flutter-boards for pool shinanigans . for a thrill , take a jump from the 5-meter on the dive tower . you can see all the way down to the beach .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , i agree that this place needs some better maintenance and cleanliness . this pool should be the crown jewel of the whole system , yet it is looking a bit run down and neglected lately . let 's get some of those kids working a little harder !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been having my hair done here for at least 8 years . remember it is a school.and everyone is learning . if you want pros go pay for it . do n't go to a school ... duh it is not expensive . if you do decide to go then when you call to make appointment ask which student is good with your type of hair ... they are very helpful . better yet stop in and talk face to face . instructers are awesome and the girl that does my hair right now rocks ! ester is great with long hair ... .blowouts & color !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my haircut here today and am very happy with the results . one thing to keep in mind is this is a beauty school so all services are conducted by students . but , do n't worry , your hair is in good hands because professionals are there to help the students . greg cut my hair and did a great job . though it took longer than a usual trim , the price tag of $ 20 made it worth it . also , even though its a school you can still tip your stylist if you are happy with the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worst school ever ! ! they are scammers , and the teaching is horrible . the staff are all in their early 20 's and do n't care about the students education what so ever . they were no help when i went to that school , and i wasted 22,000 . you do not learn anything basic about hair , you have to learn it all on your own . the staff there treat their students horrible . i do not recommend going to euphoria for beauty school . i work at a salon with stylists that went there and they will say the same thing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to this beauty college for 9 years for my facials . they use wonderful products , the girls are very professional , and i love the staff . what better way to spend 1 hour on a friday afternoon ? you will love it . diana l .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i understand this is a school with students learning . but i should n't have to pay 25 for a service a blind person could have achieved . the girl literally took 2 hours just blow drying my hair . she washed it only once when i told her it needs to be washed more than once . she got advice from a teacher who has n't even evaluated my hair to know what products need to be used . this girl brought all these products to put in my hair . no i do n't need those products . then she did n't even blow dry it correctly , she took an 1 hour to flat iron my hair . i went into the salon at 10am and left at 115 ! this is ridiculous , i use to go to the one on decatur and oh my a big difference . the decatur and 215 location rocks mad they closed it down , i need them to get it together . i am always going to schools , but this one i probably not ever go back here . from the front office to th3 student", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my hair cut here for the past year . i used to drive to henderson to see my stylist and pay $ 50 , now my cuts are $ 14 and i 'm driving less than 5 mins . i 've been to several different students and have always been pleased with the attention to detail and the leadership of the teachers . i recently took a gamble and went for highlights . i was delighted with the results and will definitely keep returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can i give this place 0 stars ? i walked in and was ignored for a good 5 minutes , while the girls at the front desk were having personal conversations . finally one of the girls moves out of the way so that i can check-in but no one greeted me or asked if perhaps it was my first time and tell me what to expect ; so i looked for an empty chair to sit at , walked to the chair and discovered it filthy with hair ! ! ! ! how disgusting and where is the manager who oversees the girls maintaining the front desk ! ! ! i only walked in here because i had a gift card and was prepared to give a tip but guess what ? i am walking out disgusted and the gift card i was given will go to waste because i am not stepping foot back in this crap hole !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a hard time at aveda in henderson , i decided to come to euphoria to see if someone could correct the color that was n't what i had asked for ... fortunately , they were able to squeeze me in , and even though the process took hours , i 'm so , so pleased with my hair ! the colors blended really nicely . i wish i would have gone to euphoria first . thanks so much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just stopped by to say i am an alumni of this location ! ! and so proud to be . at the time mr. mark decola , mrs. benita williams and mrs. lu suarez were my instructors . they have since been promoted for obvious reason . with out a doubt my education exceeded my expectations . i passed my boards , worked in a high end salon on the strip . i have since moved to california where i got my license as well . they have made a most lasting impression on me and there teaching , love and encouragement has followed me throughout my professional career . i will be eternally grateful for each of them . truly the best education in las vegas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this institute has gone downhill . some of the staff are very unprofessional so how are they going to train & teach the students . they may know the technical side of the business but if you are going to be rude to your customers then you wo n't have anyone coming into your salon . they need to learn customer service skills because they sure are lacking those skills & since this is a school you would think & hope they would want honest & constructive feedback for their students . the feedback , however , was n't appreciated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're thinking of getting your license through this school , do n't . worst experience of my life ! unprofessional staff , uneducated teachers , no stability , no respect . this school caused me so much stress , i 've never had to deal with anything that stressful or horrible in my entire life . i would never recommend this school to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst management ever and teaching is a joke and we pay for this school so very disappointing in the teachers and the management waste of money", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a horrible place . i keep telling myself that if i give them a chance then things will get better . two years ago they ruined my hair by only having to do my roots . instead i ended up with a ring around my entire head with a different color because the girl did n't do my roots right . today i went in to get a manicure and pedicure . i am ones again disappointed . my nails are all uneven , the color was placed horribly , and the girl was just plain discussing . instead of cleaning under my nails with a tool she would use her own nails and then touch her face . that is just one example of a handful of things !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lady that answered phone in salon could n't have possibly been more rude ! the person answering the phone generally sets the tone of customer service in any establishment . so now i 'm guessing that the whole place is full of rude miserable people ... and i will never step foot into this salon ! fyi : a salon spa is supposed to be an environment of relaxation , not a place where you get snapped at by the receptionist while trying to book some services . no thank you , i will spend my day , and my money , at a place where people value my business !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for a redken class . i really enjoy the redken class yesterday . jerric fruits was amazing . thank you salon centric and a special thank you to gloria .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok ; 4 coats of polish on my toes ; had to tell the nail tech to stop before it becomes bubbly . i came to because it was complimentary from a program but honestly i will continue to go to my regular nail shop", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i strictly go here to get my extreme couponing on ... but mainly i go to the one in north olmsted . this cvs gets very busy and you usually have to wait , especially for people like me who are doing multiple transactions , go ahead do something . anyways , it 's always stocked with what i need so i ca n't complain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst pharmacy i 've ever been to . not accommodating at all . moved here from out of state and took 40 minutes to prepare my prescription after my doctor called it in while i was standing here . staff not friendly at all- made this a huge inconvenience when my info and prescriptions were already in the system .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been filling prescriptions here for four years and the last 5 months of picking up my prescription , i was given the incorrect type brand . i was told by several different pharmacy workers that it would never happen again and a note would be placed in my account , yet it continued to happen even with clear notation from my doctor not to give me that kind . mistakes happen occasionally but this was a perfect example of terrible customer service , lack of appreciation for loyal customers , and utter disregard for someone 's health . i will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "taking off another star for the annoying phone calls we continue to get from this cvs pharmacy location . nothing to do with the minute clinic . if the score was just for the pharmacy , i would give this location 2 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got there before 5 minutes before minute clinic was to open . was 4th in line . after waiting an hour , we gave up and went to an urgent care where we were seen within 10 minutes . this happens every time we have tried to use them . nothing minute about this clinic . they spend more time collecting insurance information than patient care . why when they know that most physician offices are closed on sunday and they will be slammed as soon as they open , they do not staff another nurse , or at least have a clerk take insurance information so the wait is less .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's somewhat convenient ; but overall , i 've been to better pharmacies with easier parking and cleaner stores .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the minute clinic is absolutely worthless . rather than opening at 10am , that is just when the employee walks through the door . she did n't even turn on the check-in kiosk until 10:10am . first patient was seen at 10:25 . wtf cvs , get your act together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brick and mortar chain druggist . no where near the service provided by the few remaining mom and pop independent retail pharmacies left in the area . that being said they do occasionally have some decent specials sales .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i spent $ 8.11 on two of the most dry-a $ $ cupcakes ever . ever ! when i say dry , i mean , when you take a plastic fork and cut across the frosting into the cake , you can feel a slight crunch as your fork goes down . i 'm not kidding ! i had the kir royale and strawberry shortcake , both looked enticing on display , with sparkly glitters on perfectly piped frosting and looking oh so beautiful behind the glass case . both disappointed me . it 's like staring at that hot blonde chick walking oh so sexy in her tight white dress with 38dd boobies about to pop out and she sits down and you see her nuts hanging . ( trannie ! fierce ! ) what a waste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "more like the cupcrapery ... .. 1 . pretty and sparkly on the outside , nasty in the inside . 2 . i did n't read yelp first . fail . 3 . basically the same as what everyone else said . dry cupcakes . frosting is gritty sugar . not even the fluffy or creamy kind . just gritty . 4 . i had the oh my gosh ganache , kir royale , coco frauline , and strawberry shortcake . out of the four the ganache was the most tolerable . so i gave it four chances at least . 4 bucks on each cupcake . fail again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like to think of myself as somewhat of a cupcake connoisseur , having hit cupcake places from nyc to dc to ca etc ... i loved the cupcakes i had from the cupcakery in the monte carlo . you walk right past this place when you get off the tram from bellagio . they 're open early ( yes , i had one for breakfast on saturday ... ) . i had a bugsy and a mocha mocha the next day too . i love these small delicious cakes in a cup . their frosting is ideal for me . sweet , sugary , dense , buttery , and delicious . none of this whipped half-sweet junk other places push sometimes ! frosting shots are a bargain at $ 1 each . the cake is moist , dense , and flavorful . i would recommend and i would return again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purposely went on a nyc cupcake hiatus for this place and overall was not disappointed . i have to say these are some of the most beautiful cupcakes i have seen . i loved the sparkling glitter on the frosting . they had fun flavors like kir royale , strawberry shortcake , gingerbread , peppermint stick , grasshopper , pb & j , orange julius , etc ... by far my favorite was the strawberry shortcake . moist yet dense cake with sweet ( but not gritty ) buttercream frosting . they had free samples which was nice , especially when trying to figure out what flavor to try ! staff were also super friendly and liked to discuss cupcakeries across the usa ! my two complaints are : -the flavors were a little too subtle , especially the mint ones -price ... at $ 3.75 each they are more than almost any nyc bakery ! definitely worth a stop , i do n't think you 'll be disappointed . i would come back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being from colorado we 're used to seeing cupcake shops everywhere , so it was a nice surprise when we ran into the cupcakery in the monte carlo shops . the prices were n't cheap - i think they were about $ 3.75 each - and the lady behind me in line got a stern talking to from her husband that no way was she spending $ 4 on a cupcake . but we thought the prices were about on average with colorado and the typical vegas inflation . the clerk was very helpful and i got a chocolate cupcake and a strawberry shortcake . they were so sweet and just hit the spot perfectly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! it is in the monte carlo and it has great c-cakes ! ! i had ordered the julius and the nuts about mounds . the nam 's was very good because i happened to love almond joys ( chocolate frosting , coconut shavings , and white cake ) i actually did not get to try the julius , because wifey and lil ' one devoured it . ( pineapple cake , orange vanilla frosting ) the people are friendly and they do take debit cards . they opened early around 9am but close a little early . i will look forward to try them again , and hopefully soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really excited because this placed had been named `` las vegas best picks of 2012 '' or something like that . a little disappointed to say the least . there was a really large variety of cupcake flavors , which i appreciated , and the cupcakes looked pretty , but the glitter on the cupcakes was a little over-done for my taste . but i guess that 's what a vegas cupcake should look like ! i did n't actually get the cupcakes , which may have been the reason why i did n't really enjoy the place , but i got the `` cupcake bites '' ( aka cake pops ) and they were not so great . the outer-shell was hard and entirely too sweet , and the cupcake part within was also.. too sweet . i have a pretty awesome sweet tooth so i can handle sweets , but these cupcake bites ( we had chocolate , carrot , and strawberry ) were just not that great to me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so for the price of these cupcakes not worth it . i tried one and it was supposed to have a caramel filling ... .. caramel , there was almost nothing in the middle . i thought it was dry not very impressed . the girl that was working there had a face like she wanted to leave to i can not say i had good customer service . yea i would not say impressive for being in vegas there are better cupcake places in rancho cucamonga .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best thing about our stay at hotel 32 in the monte carlo ? ok besides the jabbawockeez ? oh yeah , not much . certainly not the room , and not even the cupcakes . i thought , `` great ! at least there 's a silver lining in this little old school hotel '' , but after i actually had the cupcakes , i was thinking otherwise . they looked really cute , with all the glitz and glitter , but they tasted blah and were really pretty dry . so , so sad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my office ordered cupcakes in for the january birthdays and holy moly were they a m a z i n g ! we had 5 boxes with a dozen in each . i have had cupcakes from a few other cupcake places , including sprinkles in ca and these to me are far superior ! i tried a couple as we had many flavors , the triple chocolate was soooooooo good i inhaled it . the january special of the month , chocolate with cherries , i threw away after 3 bites . the mint chocolate was awesome and the one with pink coconut on top is super good , it has sort of a sour cream frosting , which i am not usually a fan of , but it was good . my most favorite write home to mom about is the triple chocolate !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to vegas for a bday celebration and instead of getting a cake we decided to get a dozen cupcakes for the birthday boy ! ! ! i do n't specifically remember all the cupcakes but i do remember the kir royale cupcake because it was simply beautiful . edible ( ? ) glitter topped the delicate frosting and i want another one now ! ! ! sure it 's pricey but it 's vegas . anyways , would come back for a sweet treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have mixed feelings due to getting two cupcakes : ) the first one , lemon creme was amazing ! i figured i 'd shy away from my normal chocolate , red velvet , or berry style cake ... and i 'm so happy i did . the cake was extremely moist , had wonderful , light cream cheese frosting , and was overall one of the best i 've had . and because of my chocolate temptation , i fell for the chocolate-peanut butter . the cake was pure chocolate , tasting just okay but was really dry . and the peanut butter frosting was a little too buttery tasting for me . overall , it was n't a good combination and somehow , a little to rich tasting . as far as the cupcakery as a whole ... i guess i 'll just have to go back and try more flavors : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely not the best way to spend $ 4 on a cupcake - their pink vanilla specialty ones were dry . the only reason it 's getting 2 stars is because the red velvet cupcake was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ran into this place by accident.. im a huge cupcake fan so we had to try this place out ! .. lots to choose from.. cupcake itself wasa little dry ! .. had the oh my ganache.. the frosting and ganache were both good ! ! i 'd say it was a little pricey too , but hey , in vegas , everything is more expensive.. im definitely a fan ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! every bite is like an explosion of happiness in my mouth . the carrot cake one is my favorite but you can never go wrong with red velvet . awesome addition to any party . grab a dozen before you go to a birthday party , office party etc and you will be the star of the show !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's only been about 2+ weeks since this location has been open at the monte carlo . have n't had a red velvet fix in a while , so i was pretty stoked to hear that this was at my hotel . i copped my usual ( which goes by the name southern belle ) , along with an oh my gosh ganache . the omgg was pretty good . the frosting was light and velvety , and the filling was a nice surprise . did n't have the sb until the next day on my flight home . i probably should 've eaten it earlier because i found the cake to be a bit dry . the frosting was also nice and light . not bad , but i still hold a flame to sprinkles . for $ 3.75 each , it would have been nice to get a slightly larger cupcake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the carrot cupcake . i thought the cupcake was just a little too sweet , but it was moist . just wanted to give it a try too see if it was any good , and it 's okay may be if it was n't too sweet or the decoration too fancy it might have been a little bit better . may be next time i 'll try another flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was actually dancing in the hallway when i saw all the unexpected , beautiful cupcakes ahead of me . we picked up two red velvets , an oh - my gosh , ganache ! , and a coconut vanilla . unfortunately , the cupcakes look way better than they taste . the red velvets were light and airy , but flavorless cakes ; the cream cheese frosting a strange thick texture with a lot of oiliness . the ganache was pretty good , with chocolate filling inside of a dense vanilla cake , as well as on top as frosting . the coconut vanilla was the best , made moist by the direct addition of shredded coconut to the cake batter . with more than 16 signature flavors , you can probably find some really good ones . let me know when you do !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "go during happy hour for 25 % off ! cupcakes were delicious service was so so . ask for samples !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is located in monte carlo next to the dueling piano restaurant . the cupcakes here look very fancy and i bought 1 2 dozen . 1 2 the cupcakes were extremely dry and we pretty much threw them out after a bite but the red velvet tasted very fresh , light , moist and tasted the best . unless you know for a fact that the cupcakes are n't a day old i would n't take the gamble . i would probably go back for the red velvet if i was in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know what everyone else is talking about . this place had a pretty good cupcake . i had a kir royale , raspberry cupcake , champagne infused , and with silver glitter to top . maybe if i were super picky , i would say it was a tiny bit dry , but i 'm not going to be so critical . the raspberry taste and the frosting made the cupcake fantastic . yum . i 'm hopefully going to try the cinnamon roll one and the orange-pineapple one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing to write about . i love sweety & i love cupcakes but these . i tried 3 were just not good . to pricey & not good is a bad combination .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "before leaving las vegas my friends and i always get cupcakes to take with us on the plane , so everyone else on the plane can go oh i wish i had a cupcake . we went to the cupcakery before heading out . i got the boston creme and she got the vanilla with vanilla butter creme . i though that my cupcake was good tasted just like boston . i could have eaten three more if i would of had them . however she said she liked the frosting on hers but not the cake itself . she said that her cake was dry . but she loved the frosting . so overall 3 stars and an a-ok . they put them in cute little individual boxes which helped in transport in 107 degree heat to the airport and onto the plane without falling apart . so overall if you are on the strip and want a cupcake give this place a chance . see what you think .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "taste like overpriced grocery store bought cupcake with fancy icing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "southern bell was the best but the cupcakes were kind of dry ... wo n't go back again . cute but not very good , unfortunately .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thank you jeff for introducing me to this sinful delight ! while it definitely disagrees with eating healthy , i am allowed to cheat every once in a while and this is definitely a must , as far as cheat foods go ! the southern belle ( red velvet ) and strawberry shortcake are to die for ! oh my gosh ganache is a hit , so my sister says ... and the julius is just a beautiful sight to see . the cupcakes are soft , moist , rich and decadent . if you are in the vegas area , this is definitely a treat not to be missed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cupcakes i have ever had ! the cupckaes are a little pricey but completely worth it ! i love going to different bakeries and trying cupcakes ... and i have finally found a place that is worth revisiting . strawberry shortcake cupcake was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cupcakery . monte carlo . coconut . strawberry shortcake . the cakes were moist . not too sweet . frosting was alright . definitely a solid cupcakery", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummy ! ! ! i had the tickle me pink chocolate cupcake which i enjoyed very much ! service was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was open late , and it served dessert . and the lady working behind the counter was friendly . the cupcakes were only eh - we had three tiny bites ( the best of which was chocolate ) and a cupcake to share -- the strawberry red one . i was n't impressed , and it was priced a bit much . apparently the corridor is getting redone , but the place was still cute and near a walkway to see people passing by .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love cupcakes so i was excited to see that the monte carlo had a cupcake store in their vicinity . however , i was hugely disappointed ... i do n't know if it 's because i set my expectations so high but i did n't enjoy it like i wanted to . anyway , their display is cute and small . there are a few different varieties to choose from and they all look very pretty . i ended up choosing the coconut cupcake and another one with peanut butter . both tasted ok but the cupcakes were dry . i do n't know if they sat there for a while or that 's just how they make it , but it was too try for me . i needed something to chug down the dryness and i was a bit disappointed because i love cupcakes . overall , the look of the store and it 's pastries are great . the taste , however , is not so great . maybe it 's just my personal preference , but i like my cupcakes moist .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dry , not very good . look pretty , but are not worth the prices they charge . spent 15 bucks on 4 and threw out the last 2 . i 'll just go to georgetown cupcake when i go home .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was craving cake so stopped in at the cupcakery . ordered 3 different cupcakes and all three were dry and the outer edges were tough . whether they dried out because they sit out too long , are over-baked , or both , it felt like i was eating a muffin rather than cupcake . while some might say these are more `` bread-like '' cupcakes , cupcakes should not be tough even if more bread-like .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'd give it a four if the goal was to have a little debbie , but even then this place falls short . not a good choice . if you 're looking for a sweet treat , there is a pink berry in front of the cosmopolitan .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place did a great job ! the regular cupcakes ( according to friends ) were amazing and the flavors seemed very inventive . we polished them all off , so that is something ! i ordered two gluten free and was a bit disappointed . while the cake part was very good ... .they just did a chocolate drizzle thing over the top . frosting can be done gluten free ! in fact most of it is ... so i would have appreciated something more inspiring , especially as it is not often i find cupcakes i can eat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very dissappointed on their service . the girls handling the order over the phone were rude ! they delivered the cupcakes a day late ! not a call back all day , saying they were going to be late . cupcakes were not that well decorated or made . should of looked at another place . do n't waste your money here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the cupcakes my husband and i got at the cupcakery ! i got the orange sherbet with pineapple and my husband got the red velvet which we both thought were delicious , if a little on the sweet side . i liked the huge selection of flavors and wish i could have tried more ! this was also a convenient stop on our way back to the aria from the tram .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cupcakery left me feeling a little lacklustery ! i had the lemon and orange cupcakes . they were tasty but just okay for me . the decorations were almost non existent on all of the cupcakes . for the price and hoop la about this place you just expect more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to vegas this summer with the family for a basketball tournament and stayed in the monte carlo . i was so excited to see the cupcakery inside the monte carlo as i had already looked up a couple different cupcake bakeries in vegas so i knew where i wanted to go . the cupcakery had good reviews so of course i just had to go get 1 2 dozed of them . they were really good ! the icing to cake ratio was perfect and the cake was moist . lots of flavors to choose from and from 2pm-5pm all the cupcakes were 20 % off for `` happy hour '' . i gave this the same star rating as another local cupcake bakery , gigi 's . both are great cupcakes but if you are an icing fan gigi 's has tons of icing . out of both of these places it is hard to choose which one was better so you ca n't go wrong with either one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "note : this review is based off of one cupcake . i really wanted to like this place , but it was disappointing . i got the strawberry cupcake . the cake part was okay , but the frosting was gross . it had this super-duper artificial `` strawberry '' flavor that tasted like children 's strawberry bubble gum -- not a good thing . in hindsight , the disturbingly bright red coloring of the frosting should 've told me that something was n't right . maybe the other flavors taste better , but they messed up the strawberry one pretty badly . the only good thing about this place is that when i mentioned i did n't like cream cheese frosting , they offered to scrape off the existing frosting & replace it with something more to my liking . compared to other cupcake specialty places , the cupcakery is `` meh . '' get your dessert somewhere else ... unless you like really artificial-tasting frosting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what 's that you say ? you have a propane tank that 's empty and you do n't know what to do with it ? i was in that boat , and was trying to decide where i should go swap my empty tank for a full one . i priced out the typical blue rhino swap places and it looked like it would cost me up to $ 30 for a refilled tank . doing some research , i found a list of propane service companies , called up arizona propane , and they confirmed they would refill my tank while i wait . this part of mckellips road always makes me laugh ... 3 miles from scottsdale , 3 miles from mesa , and yet whenever i 'm on it i feel like i 'm lost on a back road in west texas . but the lot was n't hard to find . i drove up to what looked like an old-time gas pump , the guy filled my tank for less than $ 15 and i drove away a happy camper , er , barbecuer . how easy was that ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt i should post that since writing this review , i was able to find the general manager 's email on arizona propane 's website . i emailed jerry who impressed me with how quickly he responsed ( the very next morning after i emailed him ) , how seriously he took the issues we had , and how he was willing immediately to make it right . jerry was very professional , apologized , told me he will personally deal with the woman we had the experience with and offered to have us bring the tank down anytime and that they would recertify and fill it for no charge . i called jerry prior to coming down who called brendal ( the original guy my husband went to to pick up the tank from who apologized that nothing was done ) to let him know we were coming . brendal did the work very quickly and we are very satisfied with the service since our original experience", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought a house with a hot tub and found aero propane receipt . they were gruff , kind of rude , would n't fill my grill bottles , had a standard charge of a full tank whether or not my tank had any left in it , and charged $ 243 to fill my tanks regardless of how much i actually took . then a friend recommended arizona propane ( 480-990-1620 teresa ) . friendly people and they charge by the gallon , and two full tanks cost $ 150 total , not $ 243 . they also filled grill bottles when they were there and answered several questions i had . i regret not finding them sooner , i wasted money twice using the wrong company . never again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so as i stated in my review several months ago , i did buy a second tank , took that and my original tank ( which by then was empty ) back , and had them both filled , thereby saving a few $ $ . as before , i received 5-star service and shall absolutely use them whenever i need propane , even though they 're quite a trip for me , from west chandler.. strongly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , friendly and helpful staff . i will be sing them over the other company i 've used in the past . it helps when there are knowledgeable and competent employees unlike the other company i used in the past .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no one ever reached out to myself from your company ? this is the issue with arizona propane , the time to treat seniors fair is at the time of service ? and when a call is made to the office ? to reply to a very bad issue is at that time not after its reviewed on yelp ? i paid for my parents gas bil [ s ] that were not even real ? paid for the same propane over and over ? then call to inform office and then met with very rude and unhappy person ? even so i paid a lot to your company , so do n't try and pretend this was settled fair still no refund or apology just blame the driver or ? if one person goes to a better company after this review i 'm happy and so are the seniors [ 25 plus ] who switched to another company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hired arizona propane to switch from a electric range to a propane one . there was a bit of a drama on the day of the installation - the field guys brought refurbished tanks even though i had explicitly asked for new tanks during the quote . after a long to and fro with the office , new tanks were sent . installation work was decent . the reason i bumped it up to 4 stars is after my last review , i got a call from their office and they took care of my concerns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife melissa and i recently purchased an all electric home , we received a bid from arizona propane to install a main gas propane line with service to our kitchen stove , dryer , bbq and a new on demand hot water heater . our representative was jason flagg wow what a great example of a quality company ! the crew showed up on time , very professional and made a very hard retro fit job look easy . jason arizona propane is lucky to have you ! great job team and we will always brag about your company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a 100 lb propane tank filled up by arizona propane for 2.65 a gallon just a couple of weeks ago . i then authorized automatic billing and when they came to refill it they billed me 3.57 a gallon . when i called to ask about this discrepancy they said propane priced and gone up and a manager was not available to speak about it . i ca n't understand how propane prices can shoot up 35 % in just a couple weeks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "received prompt , polite responses from nathan , one of the managers for arizona propane . what a refreshing change to have someone pay attention to details in my email and handle every aspect of my request correctly ( i.e. , time of day for service , etc . ) , especially when a business is making such a small dollar amount on what we wanted , having 2 small pool propane tanks removed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finished working with this company even before starting that . i called them to get a quote to refill my 100 lbs tanks but the lady on the line was too rude and unfriendly . the first impression of a business is the most important thing and if they still do n't know how to talk with the people how you are supposed to have a good business with them . i wish they had someone more polite and friendly on the phone who knew how to talk with a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went online to google and filled out the online form for 3 companies to help me with our propane issues and az propane was the only company that contacted me . they also went out of their way since we did not have a working stove due to our issues that they scheduled service sooner . they were very fairly priced and showed up when they said they would . i am incredibly happy to have found these folks since i had contacted acorn propane weeks before and they never made it out to our home to address these issues . as far as the other 2 companies ... i guess they are to busy for more work . i will be using az propane now to fill our tanks since they are the only ones that would help us to begin with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great car wash it was totally renovated a couple of years ago and it is state of the art it is only a dollar to start and great value the soap is great any equipment is excellent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you wan na wash your car yourself this is the place to go . it costs 1 $ to run the hose and the brushes for a minute and you can stay as long as you want . if you have , bring your own drying cloths otherwise you can buy them from a vending machine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best wash on danforth for $ 1 wash ! always clean , great pressure wash , i bring my car 3x a week here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently went for lunch with a group of ten people . one in the group recommended it , but from the moment i pulled into the parking lot i was underwhelmed . from the outside , it reminded me of a strip club . we were the only people in the restaurant and were greeted immediately with our friendly server . the menu was more extensive than i would have thought , but it was typically bar food . i 'm guessing it might get more of a bar crowd than an eating crowd . all of us agreed that the food was just ok. our server was very friendly but not efficient . as i said , we were the only customers and we had to ask where our food was after waiting almost an hour .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a one and done the burgers were n't cooked correctly , the waitress went to socialize with the guys at the bar and forgot one of meals - we had to ask her for it . my chicken was cold and basically she said `` oh well '' . i ca n't believe they are in business still . we should have known since there were zero cars there not to go in ugh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all the signs pointed to no . should have listened . over priced frozen appetizers for $ 5 each - same price as box of 24 at grocery store . dinner was small portions of bland food with either too much grease or no flavor - do n't get that at home ! spent $ 70 with tip for 3 meals at a local dump . save your money and go anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food - large beverage selection - beautiful inside & outside - plenty of parking - live music on weekends - no cover charge . thank you caribbean cowboy for hiring local live talent . so many restaurants & taverns just want you to pump money into their juke box and offer no entertainment value . beverages cost slightly higher than your corner beer shot bar , but for the additional $ .25 it 's worth the pleasant atmosphere and free entertainment . huge menu ! surprisingly , everything we all ordered was delicious . immaculate ! cleanest restaurant i have seen in a long time . even the high-level was n't dusty and the bathrooms were spotless . ( the women said the same thing about the ladies restroom ) goofy theme ... caribbean decor with western apparel ... .does n't work for me , but credit for being clever . if you have a group or small party and want seating together on a peak dinner hour , this place is the best kept secret in north royalton . i just do n't understand why everybody does n't know about this place and it is not packed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was ok , food was something not horrible but yet not something i will ever eat again . my stomach and bathroom concur !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible , terrible service . there was only one waitress who apparently was n't even supposed to work but all the others called off that night . the owner called her and asked her if she could work . she was the only waitress there and had to take care of the bar , the dining room , and the patio . the owner was there but didnt seem to help at all . our salads came out at the same time as the meal . some of the food was wrong and it took long time to come out . owner never came over once to apologize . waitress did her best but the fault is with the owner . will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were with a big group ( 15 ) , but there was no one else in the restaurant . it took 1 1 2 hours to get our food . something was definitely fishy about the bill process . half of the bills were n't correct and were brought out at different times . weird charges appeared on some of the bills . when we received our bill , the waitress did n't add the soda and said just add $ 2.50 to the bill . was she trying to pocket the soda money ? or was the restaurant trying to scam the government out of additional tax money ? or were the staff just incompetent ? in any event , was a weird dining experience overall .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the absolute worst dining experience of my life . a group of ten ladies , with a reservation , arrived at 6:30 . we were the first party in the establishment . we ordered food at 7:00 . it is 8:40 and three of my companions do not yet have their meals . complaints fall on deaf ears . this was on a wednesday . inexcusable . stay away . of the meals served they were all wrong . raw sweet potato fries ; an 8 oz burger was maybe 5 oz.a cold burger . tacos with beans and rice was a challenge . bad . bad . bad . the one star rating is an error . no stars", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just say no . weird server . awful food . empty restaurant . bar is probably fine . felt like the twilight zone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were so excited to try this place , we did n't find out our servers name until we found it printed on the check . we were never offered anything more than water drink wise . we ordered an appetizer that came out after our dry tasteless burgers and that was only because we reminded the server valeria that we ordered an app to begin with . we were never told that they ran out of the appetizer and had to make more . we got a free dessert when the manager came and asked us how everything was . that and the app were good but i really do n't think we will be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a great meal the one time we ate there - so much homecooked food for the money . the live music has been entertaining , dj fun , and the bartender ( maybe scott ? ) is fantastic . once , the owner had us all up dancing and then insisted on buying everyone a drink . will definitely go back for a taste of country in the 'burbs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten there three times as my family and i were driving through , and we really liked this place ! i thought the food was great and the service was top notch . additionally , i like that the drinks are varied ( key lime pie shot ) and priced well . i prefer to support local business 's , otherwise we 're stuck with applebee 's and chili 's as the only options . i definitely think the carribean cowboy has the best food of anywhere in the region , but also a great atmosphere , i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never go back . my boyfriend and i ordered a margarita with patron for $ 10 . the bill comes and ends up being $ 14 each drink . we say something to the bar tender . then he brings the owner over to talk to us and she said they were triple shots ( we did n't even order triple shots ) and the owner told us `` you did n't notice how strong they were '' horrible service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on a tuesday . only people in restaurant . waited almost an hour for food . worst meal ever . person in my party given mayo instead of sour cream for baked potato . no salsa on fish tacos . worst tasting green beans ever . watery drinks . dry chicken .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best bands you 'll ever see . their 80s set is amazing and will take you back to that time without a doubt . robbie is such a great musician and without a doubt a leader among musicians . go see them asap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i just happened to be at the hard rock and saw that vinyl had a live band and no cover . works for me ! we were n't sure what to expect , but empire records was awesome ! they are great musicians and vocalists and sang all the fun 90s songs we all know . very entertaining . so much so , that we went to fremont street just to see them a couple of months later !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why did n't i know about this band ? ! i happened to be staying at the golden nugget last night and they were playing on fremont street . we had an absolute blast ! the play 90s cover music and are really really good ! sublime , no doubt , stp , green day , and so many others . i ca n't believe how much fun we had ! we will definitely be looking up when we can see them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why am i so alone in my love for blue velvet ? ? ? here 's some of the reasons why i will gladly choose it over many other madison spots for a saturday night : 1 . great music and space to dance without sweating your butt off . bring your whole group of friends ! 2 . not overly collegey . do n't get me wrong i love college bars , but sometimes we want something different . 3 . fun , well priced shots . 4 . you can still have a conversation even with the music . 5 . usually no line to get in . 6 . those lights . i love them . i have friends who think bv is seedy but i disagree . i always have the best time ! definitely a place to go in a large group .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel bad for people who think this is what a cocktail lounge should be like . i used to go to blue velvet when it first opened . i was a lot younger and impressionable then . i understand it must be hard to do what other places are doing given the location of blue velvet . i 'm guessing their usual customers are college kids who are used to drinking cheap liquor just like i was when i used to go there . now i realize they do n't use very high end booze but charge the same prices as any other cocktail lounge would . the harsh lighting and metal decor makes the place look like a strip club ( do n't get me wrong i 'm down with strip clubs but i want to see some naked ladies if i 'm going to be at one ) . anyone who thinks their cocktails are good or creative really needs to check out some of the other places in town . you do n't need to go to chicago to find a nice cocktail lounge but you do need to skip the blue velvet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this place zero stars i would . some of the worst service i ever had . the bartender was not only rude , but was also on her phone the entire time i was trying to talk to her . my vodka mixer tasted like it had less than 1 3 of a shot in it and when i politely went up to her , she got an attitude . i 'm in the service industry and understand that sometimes you 're overwhelmed , but this girl was hands down rude . when i asked her why my drink was so light on vodka ( it tasted like just lemonade ) she responded that maybe i should tip more next time ( i tipped her 30 % on the previous drink ) . latino night was also supposed to start at 10 and they did n't open up the upstairs until 11:20 . will not be coming back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . we went there regularly for years until we moved . the staff was always friendly . the martini selection is vast and they will even concoct something special for you if you ask . the downstairs has a relaxing blue tone and the upstairs is red ( only open during busier hours or for private parties ) . martinis are about $ 9 but you can buy one-get one thursdays & fridays from 7-10 . the crowd is older earlier in the night ( ~35-40 ) until 8 or 9 and then the college students come in . try the stuffed olives appetizer , yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite bars in madison . great place to start your evening as the best drink special ( imo ) goes until 10pm ( $ 5 martinis . ) there is a great choice and they make the drinks very strong . if you get enough , you might not even have to buy some watered down redbull vodka at brothers and you can deal with the insanity of most of the college bars : ) ok , at least that 's my strategy . the food is not great but the service is always very quick and friendly , whether you are sitting at a table or at the counter -- that is more than i can say about just any other bar in the area with this many people attending .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic place with amazing drinks ! ! ! $ 5 martinis on tuesday are a fabulous deal . our bartender was great . fast , friendly and able to hold intelligent conversation changed my mind . hangover from martinis is dreadful . might die .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my overall favorite bar in madison . if anyone lives in madison they know that downtown is a majority of college aged kids and the west side is where the 25-35 range are . the problem with the west side is that it is very hit or miss as far as crowd . the nice part of the blue velvet is that it does attract college aged kids , but also has a good mix of a bit older and makes for a very enjoyable atmosphere . the bartenders and staff are all very pleasant and the drinks are all strong . never had an issue as far as service goes . they have a lot of drinks exclusive to their venue as well . you can get a vodka soda anywhere , but they take the time to figure out new custom drinks that are always fun to try . i would definitely recommend this place highly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love blue velvet 's hh deal ! who can pass up a $ 5 martini or 2 or 3 ? ? ? and , the selection ! there is a martini for every taste bud in your mouth . there 's even a delicious martini for the person who does n't like martinis ! the lounge atmosphere is retro and comfortable for a great drink . we have been here numerous times and i have n't had a martini that i did n't enjoy . blue velvet actually made me a martini drinker . ( i hated them before coming here . ) cheers ! some $ 5 martinis include the sidecar , vodka gimlet , skinny colada , cosmo and snickers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "up there with crave for a classy bar with good , expensive martinis . nice , modern lighting , the atmosphere makes me feel fabulous ... ..who am i kidding , i am fabulous ! there 's always a cute boy around to by me a drink , so the prices do n't bother me too much . their `` one & done '' drinks knock my socks off ... ..heed the warning that the name gives ... .i 'm serious ... ..brings me back to my jungle juice days at house parties . 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful , classy atmosphere and friendly service . had a really unique and tasty peach and red bull martini .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious drinks ! i like getting them in regular glasses and in those huuuuuge vats where you put 1,000,000 straws and 10 people gather around to get a good swig . the music can be a bit loud ( so do n't come here on a friday or saturday night to have a chat ) , but that 's all part of the fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite bar in madison . always a good crowd and good ratio . excellent beer selection and cocktail martini varieties . there 's always some special for $ 5 martinis going on . the staff is well dressed , which along with the decor makes the atmosphere a bit classier than most places in madison , especially in the campus area . this is definitely a popular fraternity sorority bar , and more recently a large foreign exchange student crowd . look out for their `` club bv '' nights on thursdays featuring a dj upstairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jockos rocket ship ! jockos , i mean blue velvet , is one of the best martini bars in the city . it can get crowded at peak hours , so i like to go on off days . they have killer happy hour deals . all the martinis are great , and the bartenders really know their stuff . i have never ordered food here , i do n't think you can . the decor is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good martini , good energy , great music , never too crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was there on a saturday night . the downstairs ( tall tables , chairs , etc . ) was really chill ( few people but loud music ) and the upstairs ( dance floor ) was bumpin ! there was a bachelorette party , people were dancing , it was super crowded . many drinks were spilled and the floor was sloshy . drinks were fine . we did n't order any of the specialty drinks but the standard stuff ( cranberry vodka , etc . ) was fine , a little weak in my opinion . on the cheaper side though . there are different drink specials upstairs and downstairs . $ 3 snake juice shots downstairs and $ 2 skyy shots upstairs . both bartenders were nice , but the one upstairs was really friendly despite the craziness and crowd . the bathroom was honestly better than a lot of other bar bathrooms i 've experienced ! basic but clean and roomy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like sausages , edm and the smell of bleach , this place is for you ! trying way too hard to be swank in a town much better suited to chill lounge . the only good thing is that i discovered ami 's next door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great hang out the night before the nebraska game to get away from the football party scene . a cool , comfortable lounge great for cocktails and conversation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dancing upstairs is pretty awesome if you are in college , if not i would n't recommend it . downstairs is a good place to chill for a drink or two , but idk about a whole night there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i worked closer to this location i used to go daily , my go-to order was the blt sub , not sure what it was but it tasted much fresher then subway or mr.sub . tax in it 's about $ 5.35 . they also daily specials , which range from chinese food , burgers , pasta , etc . their constants are sandwhichs and salads . prices are great typically with drink $ 6 or $ 7 , my fav . is on monday shanghai noodles with pork . there 's no seating , it 's a small mom and pop shop , super friendly , cash only , you can even buy the lottery here as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm very glad that i can go here to get my lashes done by cindy ... she does a beautiful job . i feel so pretty when i leave the salon ... i highly would recommend this place and cindy..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nell does a great professional job . years of experience and traing by international stylist . i highly recommend ambiance hair salon . if your new in town , or your last hair stylist `` messed up '' then go here and tell her downtown dan sent you for a 10 % discount or some free glam fo ryou hair . dan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love when nell does my hair ! cut , color , style , it all looks awesome . she always makes sure i get in when i need to and does the best job . her staff is always friendly and the shop is always neat and clean . anytime i want to look glamorous i go see nell ! i would definitely recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service and rudeness on the phone . i live in an apartment in north scottsdale and have had a roach infestation since october , and they use mike 's for pest control . they came in 3 times to spray and once to bomb . i had to pack up my entire kitchen and cover everything for that . still have roaches and video and pictures to prove it . the technician told the apartment management that he saw no evidence of roaches when he came in- liar ! i even left the dead ones i sprayed with raid on the counters and floors . they came for the fourth time today and supposedly pulled out the appliances and sprayed , as i often see them coming out of my stove top , and again they said they saw no evidence ( there are dead roaches all over in my empty cupboards ) . the woman on the phone said they must be sewer roaches , but they were not and now i get to go home to the infestation and deal with the apartment management , which is a whole other issue ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been using mike 's every other month since 2009 for preventative treatment and have never had any issues with them . the guys that have come to my house have all be polite and have answered all of my questions and addressed my concerns . service is very affordable , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they used to be a good company , now they have gone by the wayside . very rude and obnoxious over the phone , the boss owner michelle is clueless about the shenanigans of her employees . the lazy workers say they do n't service a lot of areas but michelle says that they do when you 're lucky enough to talk to her . i would give them zero stars if i could . they should just close shop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das essen ist sehr gut , die atmosph\u00e4re gem\u00fctlich . leider muss man tzaziki extra bestellen , obwohl die preise schon recht hoch sind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im sommer echt gem\u00fctlicher biergarten ! ! gutes essen . nur leider gro8e aufschl\u00e4ge f\u00fcr umbestellungen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely our `` go-to '' place to order fish and chips ( you can find them on just eat ) . the first time we ordered , we were a bit skeptical as fried food usually arrives a bit damp and soggy but we were very pleasantly surprised , the food arrived really quickly and everything was piping hot and still very crispy . we made the mistake of ordering two fish suppers and ended up with a mountain of chips to rival arthur 's seat ! their chips are n't the best to be honest but the portion of fish you get does more than enough to make up for the shortfall . the second time , we ordered just one fish supper and a second portion of fish and still had chips left over ! we 've ordered from them a few times now and delivery is always quick and the food has never let us down . highly recommended ! full review with photos on my blog which can be found on my profile . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite chip shop of all time . pizzas and fish and chips are to die for ! ! amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "following the recent report that the barracuda is in the list for 'top 10 ' chip shops in edinburgh i had to give it a shot . it happens to be the closest chip shop to my house but somehow i seem to have missed this place up until now . the barracuda is smart , clean and with friendly service . the fish supper i ordered was huge . the chips were great and fish tasty . my sole criticism is that it was too big a portion ( is that possible ? ) and this wasted it a bit as i started to enjoy it less as i ploughed on through it . i have a huge appetite and can eat for scotland . however i wo n't let this ruin my experience and will go back again . maybe i 'll ask for a small portion though ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic pizza . generous portions of chips . very friendly staff . just round the corner from us in duddingston and we recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chippy in edinburgh ! ! ! fresh chips , not soggy ones ! best thing i 've had to eat is the donner meat wrap with salad , delicious , and about a foot long . great value for money . staff are very friendly and ordering online is so quick and easy . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "foods great , a variety of options but not everything . background music is always fun . service is great and food is quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service is absolutely terrible . they have literally forgotten the top bun to my sandwich before . the food is overpriced , makes my stomach hurt and me feel sick , and it gives me the shits . the hours are terrible , especially for a restaurant on a college campus . i only go because there are no other options .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is only based on the restaurant 's location and hours . the location is not very good ( unless you go to the college it is located at perhaps ) . i went here thinking it would be a regular chili 's but it is in fact a special campus location with unusual hours . it was annoying to get to and park , and the place was closed anyway . beware the different hours in summer ! it 's not open during normal meal times and the hours here and on their website do n't reflect the summer hours so it is probably a good idea to confirm that it 's open before wasting your time ( and money on parking ) going down there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saturday night and cold great lakes conway irish ale on draft under $ 6 . good santa fe chicken soup on a chilly february eve . watching a few college ball games and listening to good music while conversing . great place . great food . helpful staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having to depend on airport food for breakfast is never fun . i saw the juice express place and thought , `` perfect ! '' . no long starbucks coffee lines and i get a `` healthy '' protein drink . you can choose a flavor and they add protein powder or a shot of wheat grass , etc . the smoothie was very good and since it was a size large-i was sipping , and sipping , and sipping for an entire breakfast hour . calorie count ? unknown . they only have one size and it 's $ 8 . so if you 've got a big family it starts to add up . i grabbed a few granola bars for the flight and i got it all for just $ 16.00 . what ? jeez ! never again . lesson learned . next time i 'll pack my own granola bars , including an energy-c packet and buy water instead . i value my $ $ $ .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my expectations are n't too high for a juice kiosk at the airport , but i liked the smoothie here better than the one i got at rachel 's kitchen ( further down the terminal , with a higher overall rating ) . as others have said , the unfortunate older asian woman who runs this joint has absolutely no service skills . that said , the smoothies are made to order , a good price for the size , and have various add-ins available at a reasonable cost : superfood and kale each $ 1 . menu has quite a bit of variety , too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "healthy and fresh in the airport ! love the pink flamingos ( strawberries and bananas ) . they are quick , its yummy and not too badly priced for being trapped on a terminal : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't believe i have n't reviewed them before . this is the only thing i look forward to about coming home after a trip in vegas . i get me a strawberry banana smoothie and it 's just amazing . definitely a plus to waiting for your flight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , $ 7 or $ 8 for a smoothie ? ! ? ! i mean , it was tasty , but seriously ? even at inflated airport prices , i about had a heart attack . the only reason they got a customer in me is that i really , really wanted a smoothie such that nothing else was going to hit the spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i honestly do n't mind paying an arm and a leg for a good juice smoothie , especially when it 's a decent size and very tastey . i got the apple mango and added kale to it for just $ .99 . it was not apple though . pineapple and mango haha they also offer other beverages and snacks like waters , energy drinks and cliff bars . the employee was very friendly and helpful . great pick up before you board your plane for an immune system boost : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great protein smoothie . offered a soy or whey protein option . fresh fruit . ordered a smoothie and oatmeal . the usual airport pricing but service was friendly and quick . took away a star for using styrofoam cups ! really ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a vegetarian with major food allergies . i have to be super organized with my food while traveling so i do n't get sick . angela instantly put me to ease by showing me which fruit was fresh and voluntarily showing me the ingredients in the soy protein . yeah , to angela ! i wad able to make it to vege friendly san francisco healthy and in one piece . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! walked in with an appointment and ended up waiting an hour . then the artist , robby slaughter , was rude , argumentative and belittled me and my ideas . i almost left but i was already there and he was just coloring in a tattoo i had received in another state . when i was done he changed the price for some made up reason . horrible , do n't waste your hard earned money ! not even a good job ! total dick too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had an appointment and the guy never showed up . paid a $ 200 deposit too . since i paid i scheduled an appointment with a different artist.. hopefully it turns out okay and they do n't make me pay any more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we bought a used boat and it seemed to have a few quirks , which we wrote off to the age of the boat . we kept testing it out and with each trip we 'd say `` something 's not quite right ... we should have it checked out . '' after one more trip out , it was obvious , the boat would only go in reverse ! ! ! we hauled the boat to dave at smiley 's boat repair and he was dug right in to find out what was wrong . dave identified the problem , and helped us weigh the pros and cons of investing in repair . i am happy to report that our boat is now running quite smoothly , both in forward and in reverse ! dave was great to work with , helpful and informative . i asked if he taught a 101 course on `` getting to know your boat '' ? he took time right then to give me a tutorial . now that 's customer service : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am thoroughly disappointed in my son 's first hair cut . i wish i would have came on here prior to read the reviews . we got there at 3:30 yesterday ( sunday ) and there was no wait . we were greeted by the intense smell of chemicals as one of the workers was mopping the floors . my son ( 15 months ) was so well behaved i almost died . which is why i was completely surprised when his hair cut turned out crooked , uneven , and completely choppy . do n't get me wrong , the `` stylist '' was really nice , but i honestly do n't think they hire certified cosmetologists . i think anyone can just walk in and get a job . i 'm disgusted by this hair cut and i will never be returning . i ca n't seem to get ahold of anyone for a refund , and every time i call i get hung up on . stay classy , snip- it . stay classy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've been here multiple times for both my kids- a girl & boy and have always had a pleasant experience . the atmosphere is super cute and designed for kids . there 's games and tv 's at all the stations for the kids to look at . when they are done with their haircut they get a card to swipe and get a `` prize . '' the girls who have cut their have always been sweet and have no complaints . yes , it is a little pricy and yes there are times when there is a long wait . but , you 're paying for the experience and for a happy kid who does n't feel comfortable getting their hair cut ( luckily that was never the case with my kiddos ) . to cut down on cost , i bought a handful of haircuts at once . prepaying brought the price down lots ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came half an hour prior to closing . it has a great set up inside , great to keep kids entertained while they are getting a hair cut . they gal that cut my daughters hair did a great job , the only reason why i give this location three stars is because there gal who was cutting her hair seemed like she did n't even want to be there , no smile on her face at all . brighten up girl , i would take my daughter back , maybe use a different stylist .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably better for boys cuts . my son has been there twice- both times the stylists were patient and did a nice job . pricey , yes , but not sure where else you can take a child under two who is not happy to have his hair cut , and have a stylist who is able to get the job done well , with a somewhat smiley disposition .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my kids love this place . it 's the only place where my son did n't scream through his whole haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not too picky , but `` lopsided '' and `` crooked '' are not good options when it comes to haircuts . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place always has a long wait time and the wait time is always longer than what they quote . not managed well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the work they do is quality . 5 stars for that . but the place is not managed well . there are only two people working on wednesdays , their busiest day . there is no receptionist to answer the phone , greet customers , manage the sign-in sheet and wait times , and ring customers out . we came in and were told our wait time was an hour . we came back 30 minutes later and our name was crossed off the list . ultimately it could be managed better so we left and went to great clips .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was very cute looking . that is the best hong i can say about it . the staff was not at all friendly to girls . we made an appointment to have their hair trimmed and styled . one of the stylists was nice . unfortunately the other was not at all , and we were forced to wait for unfriendly to finish wig one before starting the other . we were there for more than and hour , were late for our picture appointment and where charged 3 dollars each for blowdrying . mind you they did not have their hair washed just spritzed while being cut . we were charged 16.99 plus the 3 dollar blowdrying , and for 2 of them 24.99 for premium pampering , which is apparently what curling hair and putting a few bobbie pins is . so 103 dollars later we left unhappy and disappointed . the girls did not even get offered a lollipop after the hour . i recommend you save your money and find a truly kid friendly hair salon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place it 's very cool and gets your kid excited about getting their hair cut especially caters to special needs as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my 2 year old son there for a hair cut . we waited about an hour and hair before he got his hair cut . this place does n't let u call ahead and make appointment . so a two year waiting that long was not fun for me . the women that cut his hair should n't be cutting children 's hair . she had no patience with my child . when she was done cutting his hair she said nothing . so i just took my son up front and paid . how rude , no thank , no have a nice day , no hope u come back . i guess she was to busy talking to another employee about her night . first time ever i did n't tip ! the only reason i gave this place 2 stars his hair cut was ok .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only place where i take my son . the ladies who works there are awesome and were always nice and gentle with my kid . sure , they are busy but , they are fast too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sons first hair cut . first the stylist was not friendly at all . did n't smile one time . i showed her a simple picture of what i wanted , she barely looked at it . she half way did what we wanted . then i needed a little trimmed from the side of his bangs and mentioned how i liked that she did n't cut bangs straight across , well she cut the side and about an inch width right in the front straight across . now his bangs are half way what i wanted and half way not what i wanted . it was like she didnt care and just wanted to hurry . nowhere near friendly . over priced . taking him elsewhere to fix it . thanks for my sons first haircut snipits in avon ohio", "score": "1"}
{"review": "miss amy i believe it was , her specialty is butchering kids hair . kid before us she messed up and another woman was redoing it -- this should 've been a sign . she started off by talking shit about the customer who chose to use someone who knows what they 're doing , then proceeded to make our sons `` first haircut '' experience a nightmare . she was spraying the mist bottle directly in his face , and combing his hair so rough , he of course started to freak out , where she then butchered his hair . i read the bad reviews and i should 've taken everyone 's word for it . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible management . the staff - no one is on the same page . everyone has different answers for the simplest questions . the lady i had short brown hair , mole on her face and glasses had no personality to be working children , if that miserable please find employment elsewhere . get my little girl outside her hair is chopped up . just simply close down . if i could chose no stars that would be a defaint", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i made an appointment for a tire rotation at 11 am . it is now noon and my vehicle is still sitting outside . a tire rotation takes over and hour . i am never coming back . monteville express is right down the street", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service . got a flat tire driving home from work last night . brought it in this morning and they fixed it while i waited . bought my tire from another conrad 's , so tire maintenance was included . will definitely return to conrad 's again for future car needs ! pleasant , friendly employees always make the experience much better . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza is really good here . the lasagna is excellent . service is great . i also like the quiet and chill atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over the last month , ordered pizza to go and dined in as well . i like this place . nice decor , very nice cocktail bar , which is semi-separate from dining area . the pizza is terrific . medium thin crust , excellent sauce . dining in ordered a pesto calzone -- superb . the sauce is simmered with italian sausage , even though meatless , it produces a sublime flavor . calzone is lighter than doughy versions elsewhere . service was excellent . recommended for solid italian fare and pizza or a couple pops in the nice cocktail bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have gone here several times and have tried the pizza , subs and the calzones . i have not had anything there that i did not like and the only reason i do n't give this five stars is because everytime i am in there it seems a large group with lots of young kids has just sat down ( or come to run around me while i try to eat ) at the same time as my date and i. i admit , i wish restaurants had sections for families so that those who do not like watching kids run around or spitting food out of their mouths on to the table could eat in peace , but that is just me and that is why i have dogs and not children . anyway , this place has awesome food , good service and if you can handle large groups of families then i highly recommend you take the drive out here to give it a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good food and also provides catering . we 've been coming since before the remodel . i 've catered for work events before as well . the little wine bar room is cute . i think because we always come early or late for lunch or dinner , we never have a wait . nice little gem , tucked away in a shopping center . give it a try doubt you 'll be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely family own restaurant . a true neighborhood gem . awesome service and really comfortable . they have more high tops than regular tables so be aware if you go with kids our elder people . i tried the calamari , cauliflower , custom pizza , pineapple canadian bacon pizza and the lasagna . very solid and well presented dishes . be aware , servings are big . fit desert i had the chocolate lava cake with hazelnut ice cream . there was no hot chocolate filling : ' ( the i 've cream was delicious though . highly recommended and we 'll be back and try other dishes ( beet salad for sure ) . so the missing star is because there 's room for improvement . which for them will be really easy to do . prices are fair . cheers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never again . terrible service , average pizza , ho hum wine list . took forever to get a glass of wine , never heard from the server after she dropped the pizza on the table . and the bill was unbelievably high for the quality of the food . server never asked us if we wanted another glass of wine or offered us dessert . do n't go - there 's nothing to like about this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a friend introduce us to pesto 's a couple weeks ago and have already been back . my husband claims the chicken parmesan is the best he 's ever had ! ! i must admit my ziti & grilled chicken was great the first time so i could n't make myself order anything else the second time , not disappointed ! ! we 'll have to bring friends along so we can try other dishes , the pizza looks great ! nice ambiance ! very cozy feeling , nice music on the weekends . service is always great at this family run business . i would highly recommend for a dinner with friends or a romantic evening with your honey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pestos is a good neighborhood wine bar . i 've eaten their pizzas and cheese platters and found both to be very good . the cheese platter is an excellent side if you 're enjoying the wine bar . the staff has always been friendly and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 1 2 stars ! found this place by accident while on vacation in az ! walked in around 7:00 and there was hardly anyone in the joint , they squished two tables together and sat our party of 7 down . within half an hour later , there were people waiting outside to get a seat . our waiter was great . the food was great ! had the chicken parm and do not forget to order the bacon wrapped dates ! i would n't bother with the stuffed mushrooms . try the sangria , cold and refreshing . i will definitely go back if i am in the area again . i wish napa had good and affordable food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic food ! so good went back the following week ! the atmosphere is great , drinks are far from skimpy and the food is amazing ! the cracked crab alfredo pizza is mouth watering . besides great pizza and italian dishes , chef chad 's weekly specials are creative and delicious ! one of the best restaurants i 've been to in arizona ! go ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i get a small pesto pizza and side salad- ( and the cheesecake is always great too ) - one of my all time fav meals . they are always nice at pestos . it is a great neighborhood restaurant - and the wine bar is great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hubby and i stopped in today for a glass of wine and appetizers. , it had been a while since we had been here and i had forgotten that they had done extensive remodeling . wow ! the decor is beautiful and this is not your average wine bar . they have an extensive wine list , probably more than 40 wines by the glass , and very good appetizers . we arrived around 2:30 on a saturday , the bar area was beautiful , with just a few customers before the sat rush comes in to listen to the jazz band . we each had wine flights , great wines , and our server , will , was very knowledgable about the wines as well as very attentive ! he did a great job suggesting the wine flights and various appetizers ! great overall experience and will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice spot to gather and enjoy food and wine this friendly spot was worth the drive to meet , sip wine , and chat with a group of new and old friends . service was fast and friendly , i enjoyed the wine offerings , and had a nice caesar salad . my only concern was that my calamari came out barely warm and overly salty . it was perfectly fried , but apparently during that busy time they could n't manage to get it to me still hot . if i lived closer i might be tempted to return to try the calamari under different circumstances . i did n't want to send it back that evening because they were so busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza was amazing ! the bacon wrapped dates , amazing . meatball sliders , amazing . beer , amazing . service , amazing . and a good lookin ' bunch too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesomeness . went here for lunch to finally check the place out . great lunch deals ! had a salad , slice of pizza and soft drink for 7.25 , delicious , great house italian dressing and really good salad , pizza is up there in taste . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family owned delicious pizzeria and wine bar . get there early though , there 's usually a small wait . the chicken pesto pasta , pizza , meatballs and greek salad rock ! casual dining and good for a date or the whole family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! the wait staff , the hh deals ( favorite chicken caesar salad ! ) and the ambiance is fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the happy hour and they did not disappoint . ordered the bacon wrapped figs-tai wings- small pizza and meatball sliders . so the figs and wings were fantastic and the pizza and sliders were pretty good . service was so so ambiance gets a 10 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here anytime i come and visit from ohio , the food is always great and the happy hour specials are a steal , especially if you just want a few small plates with your drinks . great environment and great food , always friendly servers and bartenders . i highly recommend the fried calamari appetizer and pretty much any classic italian entree .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite place for a relaxing drink of wine and some great food as well . love the owners involvement with this place . they keep things fresh and updated . friendly is an understatement . service is 100 % great menu to choose from . everything i try i like . big on their greek salad and got ta hit that meat lovers pizza one in awhile", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the eggplant parmesan and it was sooooo salty that it was almost painful to eat . i 'm not sure what went wrong , but it was definitely done wrong . it 's been a long time since we 've been here and i do n't remember the eggplant being this bad the last time . i doubt we 'll go here anytime soon for food , but the bar area is cozy and relaxing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pesto 's is always a great place to eat and have drink . the antipasto salad with thier house dressing is awesome ! although they are a wine bar thier bar is fully stocked with some great top shelf liquers . and you ca n't forget ther pizza , my wife and i love their white pizza with pesto !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to pesto 's several times at different times of the day or night ... i am so in love with it ! the atmosphere , the food , the wine , the happy hour , the people ! they have the most friendly servers bartenders ! it 's adorable inside ! the owner is so sweet and personable ! i ca n't say enough wonderful things about this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome lounge and restaurant perfect for a thursday afternoon hh ! check out the extensive wine list , great appetizers and amazing entrees ! the pizza is solid and it is family friendly ! pestos at ray and dobson is worth every penny ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love pesto 's ! it is a family owned and operated authentic italian restaurant & wine bar . they have beautiful modern & open seating , a full bar , large tv screens to enjoy the game , elegant fish tanks , and wine racks with a variety of selections beautifully displayed . the atmosphere is comfortable yet sophisticated . the servers are considerate and passionate about the cuisine & spirits . located right off the east side of dobson road just north of ray rd , in chandler , this mom and pop shop proves italy can be experienced in arizona . from their handed down recipes to their 5 star chefs . i adore this beautiful place . i 'll go back again and again . they have live music on saturday nights and holiday specials including happy hour on a regular basis . my absolute favorite dish would have to be their `` ziti with chicken '' . it is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great neighborhood italian restaurant and wine bar . we have been customers for more than 10 years . everything is homemade and the service is great . the pizza is tasty , but i recommend the house specialties , like eggplant parm , linguine w clam sauce and others ... the homemade house salad dressing and marinara is very authentic . huge wine selection and cold beer ! stay away from the big chain restaurants and go to pestos ... .you 'll enjoy it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waw ! ! ! is all you need to know . me and my wife went there last thursday looking for an italian bistro and we ended up on pesto 's . i ordered the lamb burger and her the eggplant something . i can honestly say i had never tasted better meat than that burger . and i have been all over . i highly recommend this place . the food is delicious and it is also a bar which is a plus for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best calzone hands down and the pasta dishes are also delicious . the only downside is the noise level but it 's worth it for the delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very intimate setting , great decor , inviting atmosphere , and awesome service . we love this place . the menu is wonderful ! we 've been here 4 or 5 times now , and every time more than meets my expectations ! the wine list is extensive and the staff knows how to pair the wine to the food . we usually get what 's on special , and the appetizers are a must ! i recommend taking a date and enjoying a great meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent calamari probably some of the best i 've ever had . i had the garlic spinach calzone and it was great , although too much garlic for my taste . i found the service to be very on point in every way . food came out quick and hot . sangria was great too . i went during happy hour and was a little surprised at the prices but felt like the value justified the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pasta , the pizza , the burgers , the specials ... .order anything and you wo n't be disappointed . they take pride in what they do . there 's a reason this gem has been here for so long ! the food is the best in the valley . the specials on the weekends will be hard to beat anywhere . we are so lucky such a great place is so close by ! and their wine selection-amazing . their recommendations are perfection . it is n't cheap , but not unreasonably expensive . you get what you pay for . great food , great wine , great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once so i do n't have other experiences to compare it to , but i really like pesto 's . my ravioli was great , and the salad was amazing . they make their italian dressing there , and it is just unbelievable . i am a caesar girl , but this was fantastic . i was there for work so i could n't drink , but the wine selection looked great . i would recommend this place for sure , and i will be stopping in again soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place totally surprised me . the staff was warm and friendly and the food was both unique and very fresh . the gnocchi was excellent . they even had a kids menu although they seem to cater more toward adults .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty nice decor ( although it was freezing cold inside this evening ) . we had the tex mex pizza which was very good . the food was a little overpriced , compared to most local pizza places , but it was better than most . probably my fifth or sixth favorite pizza place in town as of right now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok my first review wasnt the best but since they 've remodeled the place , i love it ! great neighborhood spot to go for a drink and a bite to eat . their cheese plate appetizer is delicious and the pesto pizza is my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , good service , reasonable prices . what more do you need to know ? the tiramisu was incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "deb and her staff make us feel like we are the only ones there ... every time we go . they always have a wonderful array of specials , not to mention the best pizza this side of chicago !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for destiny at ideal beauty first time ever trying out lash extensions ! i have heard good and bad things about getting lash extensions but , i have had nothing short of an amazing experience so far ! ! destiny knows what she 's doing and i love her prices ! ! i paid 80.00 for he dull set of synthetic lashes . the lasted beautifully for 2 weeks and were still full but still wanted to go after the 2 weeks because i workout a lot and then am pretty rough on them ! fills every 2 weeks are for and go up after the 2 weeks . i filled with mink lashes the next time and i have to say both were great but i love the mink lashes more . they are fuller and look more natural ! if you want bold or natural , destiny can so it all ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to sola , they have everything there nail techs , estheticians , massage therapy , hair stylists , there 's even a tattoo parlor ! this place is great , and what 's even better is that everyone that works there is an independent business owner so you know that you 're supporting them instead of some fat cat boss .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a salon that has all suites for the stylists and nail technicians . its really nice in there and clean . each suite while similar is very unique and the design concept is very cool . i like the suite set up and hope my nail technician stays there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go to sola salons to see one of my favorite people in the world ! ideal beauty eyelash extensions by destiny black ! destiny is a true eyelash artist ! i 've had quite a few bad experiences before with my eyelash extensions but since i found destiny all that drama is in the past . she is the absolute best ! destiny offers a wide variety of eyelash extension products including synthetic , silk , and mink . multiple length , styles , and colors . you can even get yourself a sparkly lashes for that special occasion ! she has her own unique techniques to give you an absolutely stunning eyes ! she is my lifesaver . with my hectic busy life not having time to apply the makeup , destiny makes sure my eyes always look beautiful ! on top of all of that very reasonable prices ! 5 star is too little for this amazing artist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a get cut , go see melanie kilian ! after losing my long time stylist and trying others , melanie is genius with a pair of scissors . i have wash and wear hair that looks great every day with little effort . and when i need a more formal look , i can style it in 5 minutes ! thanks melanie you are my batman !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't buy the groupon melanie kilian is selling . i tried to use it for my daughter but i made a mistake and went to the wrong salon . rather than trying to reschedule with me she insulted me and told me to ask groupon for a refund .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for marcie wilkening , esthetician , in studio 28 inside sola salons she can be reached @ 702-875-5825 . i was referred to her by a current happy client , i went to my appointment for a wax today and could not get one done - because - i decided to help the process along by `` shaving '' ! big no no ... i appreciate marcie for being kind , friendly , professional and for explaining the process to me . i really appreciate her being a honest person and not charging me for her time . i have rebooked my appointment and promised not to shave . i will tell all of my friends about marcie and will provide an update after my wax . thanks again marcie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "melanie in studio 25 ! thanks ! ! ! ! ok , i was in need of a haircut , not just any haircut , a good one . my stylist of 15+ years had to take a sabbatical from lv for family emergency and was not expected to be back until late feb ... ..so here is it the holidays and needed a cut . i was so impressed with melanie ... ... she explains everything , and as you all know if is scary to try and change stylists ... ..so do n't fret ... ... she was calm , kind , and excellent stylist . listens and gave me the exact cut i was looking for ... ..she even gives out her secrets on how to make the hair look better and for me that was volume in my bangs ... .. also how to use the roller brush . many many thanks ... ..you rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the better beer selections in madison . any place that has goose island matilda on tap will get a return trip from me . the bar just looks really cool , with bright wood finishes and huge windows on the second floor looking out to the capitol . the place just feels inviting . has been a lot better since they opened the second level . it used to be impossible to get a spot there as this place is always packed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by this establishment . it is a small unassuming restaurant . it is so delicious . i had the tuscan salad and it was just amazing . the basil pesto and the roasted red peppers made this meal stand out as more than a mere salad . i can only overuse the word amazing because there is no other word to describe the delicious food . they have a traditional french-canadian dish called poutine . it is fries with cheese curds and brown gravy . it was absolutely delicious . we were fortunate enough to go and get the special booth . it is a small room for 6 with a private window directly to the bartender . the prices are more than fair for their food and their beverages . many people are bothered by the beer prices , however this is typical in downtown madison outside of happy hours . they have enough variety to make everyone happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled on this restaurant after walking in the cold on our way to a different restaurant- and as luck would have it the food was pretty good ! my friend and i shared the poutine . the only critique i have would be more gravy please ! and maybe an option to add meat ? my grilled cheese and house made potato chips were pretty good and i would recommend ordering- the cheese was melty and the bread was buttery- just how you want your grilled cheese . the restaurant seemed to have a pretty great location- but as a tourist , i would n't know much about that . the next time i 'm in town , i 'll make this spot an intentional visit instead of an accidental one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant on the capital square is a must go ! i have been for breakfast on a saturday morning it it was fantastic ! ! i have also been for lunch and i must say the selection is great . i had a great grilled chicken on a salad that was perfect . the person i was with got a ham sandwich and let me juts tell you this sandwich was one of the best sandwiches i have ever tasted . the freshness of all the food makes this place an a+++ great place to relax and sit outside and enjoy the square . service was good , friendly and helpful staff . must go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cooper 's is my favourite madison pub by far , with great food and drink at their long wooden bar , they show all of the liverpool games , know all of their regulars names , and are fully deserving of their fifth pointy star !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have now been here both times i 've been in madison and i can not adequately describe how delicious their poutine is . we did n't even need to look at the menu the second time but ordered it right away . the only problem is that the poutine is rather filling , so finishing whatever else you order may be a struggle . i 've sat by the window both times and enjoyed the view of the capitol . there 's a great beer list as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after having a terrible experience due to bad service on our first visit , the general manager went out of his way to remediate the problem . he emailed me within a couple days of me posting a negative review and apologized about our experience . he informed me that the bartender who had waited on my boyfriend and i had been fired , and invited us to come back for dinner and drinks on him . we took him up on the offer tonight , and were very impressed . the bartender who waited on us tonight was very friendly and provided great service . our food ( steak frites and the sweet corn caesar ) was wonderful , and we will hopefully be back soon . i ca n't say enough about how impressed i am with the management 's effort to make sure all of their customers are happy , and i really appreciated the effort that was made on our behalf .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so-so . the food was ok , i had the steak frites . it was about 6 slices of a small steak and just blah fries topped with a strange sweet sauce ( not sure why ) . my partner had a vege special with chanterelle mushrooms that was really well seasoned . the bone marrow app was under seasoned and just blah again . i found the service super slow and the place too loud for my tastes . overall , brasserie v is way , way better ! rather spend my money there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i struggled with this rating : a 3 or a 4 ? the food was great my son got a burger and claims is was amazing . i got a bowl of the sweet potato chill and it was outstanding . and their cheese curds could challenge anyone 's in the city . but ... .they listed a beer as a scotch all and it was really a scottish ale with a nitro pour ... big big different . so my advice is to make sure you understand the beer before ordering and i will let it go definitely will try again . suggest you try too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is for the beer connoiseur . by far , the best beer selection in madison . great atmosphere , great owner , great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woah this place was cool . you only need to know one thing about it , they serve poutine ! and beer ! poutine is a canadian thing but i 'm surprised it had n't made it 's way to wisconsin yet . it 's basically french fries with cheese curds topped with gravy . it sounds simple but it 's fucking excellent . oh and the brisket was rad as well . 5 stars to cooper 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : 8 2 16 - after posting my review , both the operations manager and the event liaison reached out to me to apologize for the lack of service my group received . i am relieved to know that coopers does care and are concerned with customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing here wowed me . large beer select , but so do many other bars on or near the square . a travel channel series advertised this place , and made a special reference to their pork belly mac & cheese . the pork was too crispy ( teetering on a chicharr\u00f3n texture ) and the cheese was too creamy . just not for me . fish friday is huge in madison . i will try next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place for sunday brunch ; service , quality , and ambiance were all amazing ! brunch is served until late afternoon so if you do n't wake up early you can hit this spot . the inside is a shotgun style restaurant and really cozy for small groups with a long bar if you 'd rather sit there . the beer list is quite extensive but they also serve mimosas and bloodys . i ordered a mimosa which was a generous , strong pour and the meat scramble special with ham , brussel sprouts , and cheese . i loved this dish because it was prepared as scrambled eggs instead of your typical skillet scramble . the side of crispy breakfast potatoes were amazing too . i cleaned my plate . my boyfriend got the crab cake benedict and the crab cakes were served as the english muffin substitute , pretty genius . the eggs were cooked in duck fast and the hollandaise sauce was creamy with a buttery flavor . equally as amazing as my dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "packed on a wednesday night - which i think tells you a lot . good draft selection , attentive service and good food . will definitely be back when i am next in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here to eat all the time . they serve food late , and the quality of ingredients is as good as it gets in madison . i recommend the ruben soup . huge selection of beers and ciders . great brunch . staff could be improved , but they 've only been open for about a year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok food , not so good service , great beer selection . i had some pretty good mussels and some severely under salted hummus and pickled vegetable appetizer . the mussels came in a tomato broth that tasted very close to bloody mary . and this is a good thing for me . the dips of the appetizers were basically un salted . now it 's not like i like salty stuff , but a touch of salt goes a long way to bring out flavor . the service was rather efficient in a let 's get you out of here asap . they did not even ask if we wanted something else before bringing the bill ! and they asked about credit card before we could even take it out . plus they took the signed check before we left . not a classy move . anyway good place for a beer and a quick bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this bar is gorgeous ! in my two months here so far , this is my favorite in madison and i 've been to quite a few . the servers are very nice , the menu is amazing and did i mention this place is gorgeous ! sadly , the only reason i can not give cooper 's five stars is because my food today was just too greasy-i ordered the breakfast sandwich and the `` english muffin '' was nothing of the sort . it was very greasy , with two greasy eggs and a slice of cheese . the side salad was boring , tasteless and plopped on the plate in a giant mess of a heap . i have to say i would not order this dish again . however , my husband 's vegetarian scrambler with wheat toast and potatoes was pretty delicious . i 'll get that next time : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here after a drunk afternoon nap . the beers and poutine with wisconsin-style cheese curds on it , hit the spot . plenty of space to pull a stool up to the bar and relax .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'd walked by on several visits to madison and finally tried it . everything was excellent . my go-to dinner place in madtown . sconnie egg pretzel crusted chicken polenta putanesca", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good was delish . the staff friendly . the host was crazy hot i mean damn . anyway i regress . had brunch there did n't even know it existed until a friend mentioned it . outdoor seating . great people watching . and an interesting menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food and tap beer offering ! saturday and sunday mornings are made for brunch and soccer at coopers ! enjoy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drinks were nice . food was good . except for the pub chips . they were burnt . burnt . not crispy , but more ... unpleasantly dark , as it were .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall : great place to hang out for a casual lunch or dinner with drinks . the good : food tasted great with good portion sizes . plenty of options to choose from.the beer list is extensive . plenty of seating both inside and out . the service was very nice and helpful . the atmosphere was great as well . the bad : food was overpriced . delicious but expensive for dinner . atmosphere : 9 10 service : 9 10 food : 8 10", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great beer selection , disappointed in the food . we came here expressly for the chips ( my wife 's sole goal ) , but they were so burnt we literally could n't eat them . thankfully , the order was misinterpreted and we did n't get an extra side order of chips with our ( very tasty ) wee burgers ... update ( 7 8 11 ) : coopers has righted this terrible wrong and are now , once again , making tasty pub chips !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was slow and had an attitude from the start . mixed cocktails were bad . i 've had plenty of mixed drinks in my lifetime and these were horrible . we had to return the drinks twice and then got attitude from management stating that the drinks were made correctly and it was us who were wrong . we had the specials and the food was good . steak was tender and had good flavor . we ordered the baked brie before we finished our meal and it never arrived . we finally gave up and got more attitude when we asked for the check so we could leave . they did n't tell us the brie took about 20 minutes to cook when we ordered it , however , it was over 20 minutes and it was no where to be found . very frustrated with the poor service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite spot downtown . great capital view , great food and beer selection . go here for my birthday every year . only downsides are no reservations and parking if you do n't live downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , service and menu . fish and chips were so tasty ! there always seems to be a wait , understandably so , because it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a little bit underwhelming for the amount of time one has to wait to get a seat . the beer selection is nice , but the food is really medicore . the descriptions always sound really good , but then you get the food and it 's just meh . compared to the other restaurants that you find around the square , cooper 's tavern just does n't hold a candle .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! there is a wonderful selection of beers around the world and a decent selection of spirits for those that are interested . the food is delicious , but the selection of food is mostly just standard american stuff . the service is always splendid ! in the summer there is a really nice patio to sit at : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is ok . the service is fine . i ordered steak medium rear cooked . i came out as i ordered , it came with strange sauce . i did n't like the sauce on my steak . the fries were overcooked and looked old . i would come back to try their sandwiches . location is awesome so interior inside . they have a good variety of draft beers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the mussels due hour is their most distinctive and delicious menu item , but there are many great alternatives at fair prices . both the bar and the restaurant tables are very popular in this great capitol square location . hardwood floors and a plaster ceiling makes for a loud environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know it 's just trying to be the old fashioned , but it does it pretty well . the food is generally pretty good , rich , fast , filling and casual . brunch is surprisingly good , i especially enjoyed their holandaise sauce . i 've had a couple of misses from them , generally things like an untrained server , a menu item i just did n't care for their 'take ' on , or being unable to find a seat sometimes and other times feeling like i 've walked into a ghost-town bar . generally though the staff is friendly , the beer selection is decent , the food is classic midwestern comfort food meets scandanavian germanic . to sum up , a safe but unchallenging bet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in a town of great bars with awesome food , this one left me with no impression . food was tasty and semi-creative . drinks were like any other bar of it 's style . location , on the capitol square , was the draw , but ... i do n't know what more to say .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "darn good food ! smaller restaurant , so plan accordingly . a couple of times we wanted to eat here , but it was too busy . we always have a plan b restaurant in mind , just in case .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch here yesterday . the chipotle quiche was tasty perfection ; my order included a side of greens . dessert was a pear-crumble with cinnamon , raisins and what appeared to be some type of heavenly cr\u00e8me brulee..hmm.. or was it ice-cream ? custard ? ( i should be clear on that ) . the staff gets five stars for courtesy and promptness and honesty..our server warned me ahead of time that the soup was a tad salty . she let me sample it . not good , but easily corrected next time . a hearty ginger-carrot broth it was . will order in future . my companion ordered a generous chicken breast ( i think ) sandwich on a substantial bun . she did n't say how it was , but she seemed to enjoy it . superior num-nums !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome bar , nice ambience . loved the pretzels and the wagyu sliders , only mistake we made was to order entr\u00e9es with our appetizers , the appetizers were huge . made a great gin and tonic too . staff were friendly , all in all a great night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to cooper 's tavern on a friday evening and was not as satisfied as i hoped . the service was great and my party of 2 got a table quickly , however we were sat right next to the kitchen and all the tables were very close together . as for the food , i ordered the poutine as an appetizer and the brisket sandwich as my meal . the two were brought out withing minutes of each other making the appetizer irrelevant . the appetizer was coldish and no wherd close to as good as it sounded on the menu . the brisket sandwich was giant and paired with a small salad . the meat was tender but lacked flavor . the redeeming quality of the sandwich was the bacon aioli used . yum yum yum ! ! i would probably order just bread and aioli rather than thr whole sandwich . next time , if there is a next time , i think ill order their burger or fish . they both looked much better than what i had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think cooper 's is one of the best additions to the square . they have an excellent beer selection , friendly and informed staff , and a menu that can make anyone happy . i like to go to cooper 's for hh , especially in the summer , and sit outside . it 's one of the best spots in the city . in the winter , especially when it is snowing , you ca n't go wrong by sitting at one of the large round table in the front . it is such a perfect winter scene . my one complaint about this place is that it can get so unbelievably loud when it is packed and it is impossible to hear . it would be nice if they could do something about that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the highlight of coopers for me are always the specials . for example the beer mac and cheese that was on special because of beer week was fantastic . what sets this mac and cheese apart from seemingly similar dishes at the old fashioned or the great dane ? at coopers they take it over the top with the inventive ingredients . it starts with a stout gruyere cheese sauce . next comes mushrooms , spinach , sun dried tomatoes and topped with still more gruyere . the only reason i did n't give coppers 5 stars was because if i look at the meal as a whole the frites where a little under seasoned relying heavily on the malt vinegar aioli .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "continue to shine and always busy ! first , i ca n't say enough about the service ; excellent personalization . food was consistent and to a high standard as usual . the highlight was actually the kids menu ! my kids are used to go home cooking and their mac n cheese is stellar ! not to mention , comes with fresh fruit , veggies and even a beverage ! also , the mac n cheese is top notch ; creamy , tangy and chewy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a turnaround ! i came here on one of the busiest weekends ( college graduation ) , and our service and food was spectacular . calling ahead on graduation weekend , i knew getting a table anywhere would be a long shot , especially given that our group was 11 people . cooper 's gave us an accurate time we would be waiting , and we were given drinks right away . seeing how busy the restaurant was , i assumed service would be slower if not spotty . not only was service amazing ( kudos to our bartender server tyler ) , but our food and drinks arrived on time and very well made . our drinks were refilled regularly , and everyone enjoyed their meals . i ordered mussels with bone marrow ( always amazing ) . busy but so pleasant . service : astonishing . as i said before , such a turnaround . i was amazed how well our experience was in such a busy restaurant during a busy weekend . we will definitely be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , to be honest . the food is so so , they can definitely expand their menu and or change up their menu from time to time.. however , this is a great place to grab a drink and watch a game ( usually footie for me ) . the ambiance and clientele are nice ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , food is decent for the price , friendly bartenders . i went with one other person for dinner and sat at the bar . service was quick and friendly and they were sure to ask appropriate questions . we split a burger with fries and cheese curds . burger was a bit dry ( i 'd suggest an order of medium ) but not bad . the cheese curds were great and would recommend you request the malt vinegar aioli to dip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for lunch , and it was pretty good ! i love that they have wheat on all the tables , such a nice midwestern touch . i tried the sliders and the beer cheese pretzels . sliders come on pretzel buns and ( presumably house-made ) chips . really tasty ! the pretzels are exactly what they sound like . nothing totally mind blowing , but certainly a fine option . they also have a nice beer list , and the server i had was super friendly ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always enjoy coopers ! they make an amazing pimms cup ... mmmm . food has always been really good as well . however , my only complaint is the scruffy looking angry male bartender who ruins the ambience in this place . he either needs to work in a cubicle with no contact with people or have the extremely large stick up his butt surgically removed . all other staff has always been awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer and liquor selection is fantastic ( 5 stars ) with a very inviting bar and dining area ( 4 stars ) . we just beat the dinner rush on a thursday night with the dining room filling up by 6 pm . the food is just ok , really nothing that impressed us too much ( 3 stars ) . overall , i will be back for the beer selection and fun irish gastropub type atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good , but never great . cool ambiance . always leaves me feeling like we should have chosen somewhere else . less flavor than the menu seems to suggest .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great addition to the square ... lots of good beers , the service has been solid and the word of mouth must be good , so it 's usually pretty crowded ... which makes the cooper 's tavern great for people watching ... the food i have had has been good ... salad dressing was just right , the cottage pie tasty ... i used to live in montreal , so i wo n't lie and say the poutine is perfect , but it does its comfort food job just fine ... if cooper 's folks are reading ... use the white bits of curd , rather than the orange sheets of curd currently deployed ... bottom line though ... it 's a crowd-pleasing smash hit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cooper 's tavern has become a signature spot i recommend to madison visitors and natives alike . the beetroot hummus is a relatively healthy , yet totally delectable appetizer go-to , but i recently tried the roast beef rockets that are served with their chipotle aioli and all i can really say is do it ! you wo n't be disappointed . the crisped goat cheese on the already perfect amy 's salad is a `` guilty '' pleasure for which i advise you forgo the self-condemnation because they do it oh-so-right and it 's oh-so-worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i heard great things about it , but it was only ok for me . i had a chicken sandwich and it was n't terrible , but the chicken was clearly processed . it is also very noisy inside . however my wife really liked her salad and they have a good beer selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "colin u was spot on in his review . great bar , and the owner pete is genuinely nice guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great dinner . it was me , my wife and our 8 yo son . we shared several different items . the lobster mac while expansive had about half a lobster in that tureen and was delicious . little one loved the mini hamburgers and the french onion soup was very flavorful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for food ? you wo n't get it here . do yourself a favor and actually read the reviews instead of just looking at the star rating , which i did not do . i 'm disgusted i wasted the 30-minutes waiting for a table , and the calories on this place . i had the chicken sandwich ... really how do you screw that up ? it had to been smoked or something - it was so dry . not to mention , it has been about an hour since i ate , and i can not get the salt taste off of my tongue . that sandwich had enough salt for a six months supply . i 'm sure the beer the selection is good , but skip the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not there yet ... its negatives is that its pricey and the menu is n't exactly healthy a great place to go for an indulgence . very much european style and modern .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent lunch and beer choices . great gluten free menu and nice college town feel to this restaurant , a repeat for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a late lunch there today - ate at the bar . first ... .atmosphere and service were great ... .all the bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable ... .drinks prices rather reasonable . the food ... while okay ... was not worth the price . burgers ordered med-rare came out the other side of medium ... .and we 're nothing special . house chips are boring . pretzel app ... .the pretzels were good ... but the cheese sauce ... well ... i 've had better at dive bars with some self respect . for a place that says they have an executive chef ... ..it does n't show . we will be back for drinks ... wo n't bother with the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service and cocktails were great . the kitchen however really did a terrible job . a burger ordered medium rare came out very well done . my reuben was so burnt it came out black . this leaves me wondering who was expo'ing the food and how they still work there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i moved to seville from denver area with my wife and 2 kids . made appointments at elegant smile dentistry ( now gentle dental ) for my family . it is convenient and located in seville subdivision . i arrived 7 minutes late for my 3 pm appointment . i started a new job that week , new to the area , lack of parking , and first time to elegant . the receptionist stated that they could not see me and would need to reschedule my appointment . instead , i cancelled all 4 appointments since they were not understanding and can not support that kind of business . over a year later , i received a collection letter for $ 141.87 for arriving late to the appointment and 24 % interest . elegant did not contact me prior to sending me to collections . the lack of understanding and sending me to collections without contact is completely unacceptable business practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! incredible staff from the moment you walk in , to the moment you leave . the front office ladies are so kind and accommodating , and the dental hygienists are thorough , gentle , and informative . the dentist is one of a kind ! offers solutions , does impeccable work , and checked on me constantly throughout my time there , to ensure that i was comfortable . i will be bringing my entire family here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still a great place for indian grocery items . they have an enviable variety of spices ( i picked up some amchoor powder , nigella seed , and curry leaves ) , various sauces and chutneys ( including a unique date chutney i could n't resist ) , beef bacon , and all sorts of packaged items with fun names . the selection of fresh grocery items was pretty bare , probably because it was later on in the evening and because it was a holiday , but the fresh sweets look as good as ever . service is still friendly and nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large , well run and stocked indian grocery store . part of a plaza that includes a restaurant , beauty salon and chaat cafe . also has gifts and clothing . that said , every time i 've been there , i 've been a bit disappointed . i get groceries but that 's it . first run bollywood movies - mostly for rent , not sale . and mostly out . you can buy original older ones ( sometimes new ) but in any case they 're all expensive . no meat either . i wish there was one place that had everything together but until then i go all over ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a review for the threading service in the beauty salon . i am in phoenix visiting family , and i am used to getting my eyebrows threaded for $ 6 in orange county . this is the cheapest place i was able to find ( $ 8 +tax ) , and goldie did an excellent job . she was quick but very thorough , and did n't rush . she threaded , trimmed , and plucked my eyebrows into submission , and she even cleaned up my forehead for no extra charge . the chair was also the comfiest i have seen for threading , as it was like a reverse massage table with a hole for your head , but you were still sitting in a reclined position . i 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because while said chair was probably clean , it looked dirty , and there was n't much information on display for services and pricing . no big deal , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm commenting on the beauty parlor here . as someone who breaks out from the wax they use on my eyebrows , i love threading . if you can take the ( slight ) pain , go to india plaza to get your eyebrows done . it 's about $ 8.45 with tax , takes about 10 minutes , and you leave happy . they 're open on weekends and it seems they might even be open pretty late . definitely going to make this my regular eyebrow place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place , they care about their customers . help with everything and they literally have everything you would want . sweetest owners . always helps me choose out presents for formal events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the woman here does a great job shaping my eyebrows . my eyebrows are a battlefield and she is my warrior . be sure to describe what you want or she will shape them on the thin side ( unless you like that ) . also , very inexpensive . do n't expect a spa-like atmosphere , but try and refrain yourself from shaking your booty to the indian dance music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away from this place . we bought some very expense kaufi popsicles from here ( kaurinas malai ) and they were freezer burned and way past their expiration date . disgusting , disappointing , & a waste of $ 60 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had one eyebrow . it was a unibrow . i walked into the salon and asked goldie for threading . she was great . i now have two attractive manicured eyebrows . my intro to threading was a great one . i'l be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have some variety of stock that you may miss from india in navratri festival . i went there to collect saindha salt and swang ke chawal which i did n't find in other stores in tempe , arizona . the owner mahesh arora uncle is very good and courteous . 5 stars for good service and stuff i needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved here recently and needed some random indian items for the temple . i 'm not sure what all they do at this plaza in general , but the people at the grocery store section were very nice on the phone and extremely helpful when i was there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from la always had my favorite threader she was from india and she did it amazing . so this weekend when we went to phoenix i told my sister we needed to find a threader she suggested the mall i was adamant i wanted an indian threader so we came across this indan plaza on yelp and saw the good comments went in and wow ... amazing she was super fast . but apart from that it was an excellent threading experience . the pain was minimal and the ending product ... well loooved it ! ! i will definatly drive from northern az to tempe for this lady . : ) as for the market awsome stuff got me some hot curry powder and spices and came home with some interesting indain squash ... the attendant was helpful and gave us suggestions on how to use it and how it tasted . so summed up it was an amazing experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "home of build-a-potted-plant ! kind of like build-a-bear , but with dirt : ) i remember seeing a sign that said if you buy the pot and the flowers they will put it all together for you . that 's my kind of gardening ! i walked around first , then asked an employee if he could recommend the best type of flowering plant for a shaded area . his name , per the apron , was john & he was awesome . first he showed me different types of plants and i picked a favorite , then he had me pick a pot . he walked around with me to find filler plants & then put it all together . he was very knowledgeable and helpful & everyone could see that because he helped at least 4 other people while he was helping me , answering questions and giving suggestions . once again , the combination of good variety of items , competitive prices & knowledgeable and helpful staff made this visit enjoyable and productive : d i got a great potted plant out of it which i know i 'll get to enjoy for a long time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service ive ever experienced at a home depot . the manager of this store needs to get control of his or her staff ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love me some home depot ! ! ! ! i can always find what i am looking for , and if i ca n't , someone is always 2 steps away and can help me ! ! the store layout is easy to navigate . it 's as clean as a home depot can be . employees are awesome . i prefer to come here vs lowes . ugh.. hate that place . find me here at least once a week - usually withy ipod blasting as i breeze through the store finding what i need . every first saturday of the month is a cool kids building mornings . it 's free - again , where lowes fails , they charge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prices are slightly better on many products , and of course like all such places , there are lots of items to choose from . it 's an okay store as long as you know what you want . but do they have to hire people who do n't know any answers to questions ? i did n't ask what the meaning of life was , sheesh . let 's try it again . where do you keep the weed liners ? no , i do n't want to go to lumber , i want to prevent weeds , not build a gazebo . no , i do n't think it 's with the lighting and fans . um ... ..maybe it might be somewhat in the vicinity of the garden section ? hmmm ? forget it , i 'll find it myself !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ken in flooring has been great - the rest of the store is a big zero . actually , home depot is a big zero . first the store . never much help to be had - people walk past you without even a hello . was in there a week or 10 days ago and an obnoxious person in the tool department wandering round screaming out `` anyone need help ? '' then swearing her head off . then there 's the company . we had a delivery from them . they totally ruined our driveway , but then hid behind the fact that we 'd signed `` for delivery '' when we 'd actually signed `` for delivery and no damage '' . to top it off , apparently we 'd also signed at some other time ( do n't know when as we signed nothing else ) to say it was only curbside and no personal damage was covered . shocking bunch of crooks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was moving into a new home . ordered my wood blinds 1 full month before i needed them and was promised i would have them in two weeks . they are now more than one month late , i have called them 3 times and got a different date each time . no one ever called me from the store to say the blinds would be late - no reason given and best of all - they told me to put cardboard on my windows until they come . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice store . great selection . helpful floor associate . the lady at the cash register appeared not to like her job . pretty much everything i need i can find at home depot . they can be pricey on some items , which means one must always bargin hunt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service could improve . we were getting key copies done and the elderly man working the machine was n't friendly . also did n't use the machine correctly because when we used the key , it did n't work . will have to go back.store is busy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great location for my family . every time we go , there are staff who are happy to help and super friendly . we are asked several times each visit if there is anything we need help with . however we did have one experience in the paint area where it was slow to get service and when we did , the employee was cold . i do not know if this is how the paint staff is at this location , but if it happens again , i will be sure to let management know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed . i will stick to lowes . i went to a chiropractor in the same parking lot as home depot . i was n't even parked anywhere near the depot . very windy day and no one was collecting their shopping carts one of them flew into my car and left a huge dent . i brought the cart inside and told them about it and they really did n't seem to care . they just sent someone outside to get them . so no i have a huge dent in my car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store is always stocked well . isle are wide and unobstructed . employees are friendly and helpful . if they do n't have the answer to your question they will politely ask you too excuse them while they go and ask someone who knows or bring them to you . normally when you pass in an isle they 'll ask you if your finding everything or if you need any help . if your active duty or retired military let the cashier know before they start ringing you up , show them your id and get a 10 % discount on your purchases . i highly recommend shopping there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience ! a wasted 2 hours renting a truck hey wasted 2 hours renters truck to bring my grill home only to find out there was no ramp and there 's no way for me to place the grill in or out of the truck . that should have been told to me prior not after i 've paid for everything . i had to have everything backed out it was a mess that should should 've been avoided had the sales people listened . listening is a skill and that is one skill lacking with your staff thankfully walmart listened and they got the business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have always received great help from kenny , norm and philip . other employees i have to threaten to call store owners just to get a question answered . this past week i was ignored by an employee and started blocking the aisle until they thought it would be beneficial to help me out . do n't fall for the cabinet refacing scheme . they have wasted my time and bailed on the appointment that was set saturday and confirmed tuesday a few hours before . when i told them i would not like to reschedule or do business with them the lady just said that 's to bad . i will opt to work with lowe 's , every employee there is always kind . not just a handful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as much as i am into renovating and remodeling , i ca n't say that this is the store for me.. it seems that if i 'm in need of something i can never find it here . the store is n't very organized and the selection is very limited.. i think i 'll stick with lowe 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "home depot ! ! the wal-mart of hardware store ! they have everything you need , for a decent price . service can be difficult at times ! especially when they do not secure the lid on the paint ! ! ! ! ! but i will still come here at times , and buy whatever i do n't need at the time ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my last visit at home depot . i 'm so confused as to why they did n't put me the customer first . this is my second visit to resolve an issue . instead of providing a solution for me they were rude and unaccommodating . i had to find my own solution . i will be shopping lowes where me as a customer will be treated fairly and valued .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as home depot 's go , this one is pretty darn good . what really took them from a three star to a four star review for me is the service in the store . you can see when you talk with them that they are making an actual effort to really try hard to help you out . as far as inventory and prices go , they are very well stocked especially compared to the lowes across the street . customer service is getting better at home depot and i am a fan again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of home depot 's in general and this one is no different . it 's ok if you know what you want and where to find it . customer service is almost non existent . they seem to cater more to the large volume contractor type customer than the home repair guy looking to buy a screwdriver . it has improved a little but they have a long way to go in my opinion . their lumber selection is terrible . i could hardly find a single piece of wood that did n't look like a hockey stick . having said that , the prices are generally good and the selection is very good . loews gets most of my business these days but your mileage may vary .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time to home depot is many years as i 've been a lowe 's guy for some time . but decided to stop in today for some home project supplies . i was greeted and assisted by several employees . home depot is sliding into my new favorite place and does n't have the really bad parking lot like lowes at bell and grand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you must be joking ! do more-save more . how about , waste more time . they have employees running all over , not in their perspective departments and acting like a discount store greeter . that is if and when you can find one . what is even more appalling is the management . if you ask to speak with one , it takes them 15-30 minutes to saunter over and act like their title really means they have a brain ( poor scarecrow ) . good employees who you can count on do n't last . and what is with the product being hidden in the depths of the abyss that takes an hour to find and bring down . why does n't senior management listen to the complaints of the employees . service sucks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "purchased a dishwasher and had a very bad experience with the delivery . `` barlow delivery '' called me an hour before delivery to let me know they would be there in an hour so i raced home in the middle of the day from work to find a note on the door that i had missed my delivery . i was within the time frame . called to talk with the dispatcher and was told that i had missed the delivery by 4 mins . asked to turn the truck around and the dispatcher stated that they were out of my area ! asked how far can they get in 4 minutes then she became rude . no customer skills of any sort by barlows dispatcher . if i would 've known that home depot was going to use a 1 star delivery company i would not have made the purchase . i ended up canceling my order with home depot", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very helpful in most areas . the ones that do n't know they are quick to call someone who does instead of just guessing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very helpful folks in the lumber dept . i bought 12 ft long 2x4 's and needed them cut in half to ( 1 ) fit in my car and ( 2 ) that 's the length i needed for the project . never had better service in a big box store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience in store today . special thanks to mgr brad for going above and beyond our expectations with our return . i highly recommend this place for your home improvement project even if you have to go out of your way to get there . thanks brad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't generally care for this store too much . hard to find someone to help you and the ones you find tend to not make eye contact to avoid helping you . prefer to shop across the street at lowes , i think they have better customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never have things in stock . asked for a ceiling globe to cover my light as my old one broke . store did n't have it , went to lowe 's they had a wide variety . advertised a shamel ash tree , bought it planted it , it died in 3 months , took tree back as i did n't have my receipt , person there stated we could look up my bank account to see that i purchased merchandise in store on 5 7 15 . worker could not find `` sku '' . ( ? ) i paid $ 48 plus tax , they wanted to give me a store credit , i told them `` no '' i wanted it back in cash or on my debit card . they gave me $ 35 cash back . drywall for mobile homes , they do not have , lowe 's does . will be going to lowe 's from now on . lowe 's to date has had everything i 've needed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 've ever felt so ignored in a retail environment . the staff would rather gossip than help customers . the prices are reasonable but the overall experience was horrid . i really ca n't explain how poorly i was treated at this location by every department . i will never return to this home depot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "purchased installed flooring for our entire home from this store and they gave the installers a phone number we asked not to be given out to anyone . i called the store and talked to two people to get some help . basically they gave me the installers ' number and told me to call the installers and figure it out myself . condescending on the phone . the lady at the installation company , us installation , was great and corrected the phone number mix up right away . home depot employees should take some customer service training from her . two stars because home depot answered my question satisfactorily but it was minimal and unpleasant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the manager at this home depot is really messing up . we went in for a washer and a range . they said with these prices they could n't give military discounts . so we just bought the range since we really needed it . well 3 wks later the price on the range went down $ 50 . so luckily we took advantage of the price drop guarantee and was refunded the 50 bucks . here 's the kicker , lowes verified my military status online and anything i place in my cart online it will include a military discount . even the sale items unlike home depot who said they ca n't do it . home depot and lowes are almost identical in price but lowes really honors their military . by the way , when speaking to customer service they informed me it is up to the store manager if they give the military discount .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store seems to think that during certain times of the day that a traditional checkout isle is not needed and that everyone should go through the self-checkout . yes they did have someone there to assist , but they were busy handling issues with the machine . i had a quantity of an item and i was n't about to scan each item in individually . flagged down assistance for that . then the machine froze . i needed assistance again , but the clerk was helping others who were having issues with the machines and i had to wait . if you 're not going to have a traditional check-out lane available , then i will take my business across to big blue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hello does anyone work here . what do you expect . . i found things here that were way cheaper at other stores . so shop around , i aways took it for granted that they were competitive in there prices , other then that another home depot there all the same ... mr low down . ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff never stops to ask if u need help . there is never anyone around to help . when u do find someone they say oh its in this isle then walk off . hate shopping there . they are also rude . i think they need new management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service ! i purchased light bulbs and when i got home i noticed that one was broke . drove my happy butt back to the store and the exchange was a breeze . i did n't get hassled or questioned . it was a seamless transaction . i was afraid i would get some lip but that was n't the case . we always come here for everything ! home depot reminds me of jokes mentioned in shows like modern family or will & grace ... `` a lesbian 's playground ... '' love it lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the negative reviews . i 've been going here for over a decade , and i typically need a home depot employee to tell me where to find things . pretty much every single time , they say `` i 'll take you there . '' and they do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm definitely the person that will let their watches sit and sit on the dresser when a battery stops because i 'm too lazy to take the time out to get them fixed . do n't judge me . but i 'd seen a few folks check in here and read the great reviews and finally stopped in . i 'm extremely glad i did ! the service was great ! i was greeted at the door and my watch batteries were replaced on the spot ! all the watch batteries come with a 5 year warranty and when i checked out i scored some coupons for my next visit ! they totally have a new customer . they have some other cool jewelry in here too . do yourself a favor and check them out ! you will not regret it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "natalie was very helpful in fixing a gold bracelet as well as some costume jewelry for me . the price was reasonable and i received my jewelry back in 2 days as promised . i would highly recommend pavel 's for jewelry repair and watch batteries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought a watch to pavel 's to see if they could repair . i had previously taken the watch to another jeweler to change the batter . when i received the watch back it started to slowly lose time . i look back to the jeweler who said the watch was broken and it was due to `` poor design '' and i should return it as it was not repairable . after bringing a different watch to pavel 's to have sized i asked about this watch and they asked me to bring it in . pavel 's was able to repair the watch without any issue . between my last visit and this i also brought another watch to have a batter replaced . i love the customer service i 've received at pavel 's , you can tell they care . i highly recommend them to anybody who is shopping , needing batteries replaced , or any sort of repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a ring for my husband online , but it was n't the right size . i brought it into pavel 's ( right before closing ) and he gave me a reasonable estimate and it was ready the next day . he made sure i was satisfied with the sizing , and was very polite & professional . my husband loved the ring , and it fits perfectly . we will be back ! ! ! great to find a local business that does such quality work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . took my hubs ' watch in for a new battery . fixed it quick and only cost me 12 bucks ! comes with a 5 year warranty . he also has jewelry ( rings , necklaces , etc ) . found them on yelp and since he had good reviews , i decided to give them a try . glad i did !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how often do you sell jewelry to someone , then get a call 2 days later to tell you the price of gold increased so you should stop by to pick up some extra cash ? never ! but that 's what happened at pavel 's ! i was very happy with the negotiations and very happy with the extra cash ! keep it up pavel 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hello friends , stopped in this location to get a clasp replaced . the cost was a bit much but i overstand . only took 10mins or so . they sell alot of different jewelry etc . as far as if the prices are reasonable ... ..im not sure . as i have never shopped in such establishments . i 'm not knocking it , just never done it before . they replace watch batteries as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found pavel 's in bi-lo on south tryon several years ago and his jewelry is beautiful . go by and let them clean your diamonds , the color and sparkle are amazing . i have enjoyed their expertise for more than 5 years now . i take all my watches and get the 5 year warranty . for the money , you ca n't beat it . keep up the good work.. i have been passing out your cards all over charlotte . much love , dee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my watches to pavel 's for a few years . they are friendly and know what they are doing ! they have also repaired several of my silver bracelets and watches . i have never had a complaint or problem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my engagement ring here to have it sized smaller since i did n't want to mail it in and wait 3 weeks to have it back ! it 's a while gold band and he said he could do it in an hour if i wanted to wait , i waited and 30 minutes later my ring was the perfect size ! $ 50 for the change , great service and great timing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spoke with someone over the phone . i did n't catch his name , but they lost my business just because of the rude way he spoke to me . he was very unprofessional and tried to make me feel stupid , i was as nice as could be and what he said and the way he said it was uncalled for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best place ! great service and selection . also , very competitive and after much of comparison shopping i was back ! linas was very friendly and knowledgeable . he is very passionate for what he does and i saw him taking care of customers . definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had my engagement ring fixed at pavel 's today . the price was right and he was able to fix it in an hour . it looks better now then it did when we bought it . he was spoke to us about sizing and taught us a little about style and quality . we are looking to upgrade my wedding ring and this time we are not going to back to jared . we are going back to pavel 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clerk dude had the audacity to quote me $ 28 for a watch battery replacement . overall vibe of the place was vegas pawn shop . i went to a competitor who politely and efficiently replaced my battery for $ 8 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always fair , efficient and honest . they do good work and i trust them completely . . quick and the price is right . we all need to support small businesses that are good like this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over and over again i 've heard from how much work my hair takes . i understand , it is long and thick with deep stubborn waves . i know that my hair comes with a high price tag & being uncomfortable for long hours in a stylist 's hair . but always ended up with something similar to what i wanted . but not anymore , adrian and sheri are hair ninjas . they worked with my natural hair texture to get and gave me exactly what i wanted . without my pockets and butt hurting afterwards . adrian was so meticulous while cutting my hair . and sheri was so patient and gentle while giving me a blowout . their advice was so helpful and have made styling my hair so much easier . best experience i 've had getting my hair done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jonathan lively is a hair wizard ! i have never been happier with a haircut in my life . he is patient , meticulous , and above all listens to exactly what you want . if you are in the market for a new stylist , do your self a favor and book an appointment with him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a day there ! got a blonde ombr\u00e9 and cut by johanna : ) she 's amazing ! i 'm brunette so blonde is n't an easy task ! i look fresh and sunny . i could n't be more happier , i really needed a pick me up ! she is also great conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never have i ever had a hair stylist that took their time with my hair and made it healthier and fabulous at the same time until now . before kyle ever stylist i have ever been to just put color on color . i came into this salon looking like a calico cat and with a little bit of time kyle has transformed me into a beautiful , radiant blonde . at my first appointment , kyle color corrected my hair . two appointments later we reached my blonde goal . i absolutely adore kyle ! i would recommend him to anyone . not only will you leave with the hair of your dreams , you will leave this salon a more beautiful and confident you ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is more so for stefanie than the salon itself - i mean , the salon was just fine , but i live in la and literally flew to phoenix just so stefanie could cut my hair . she is that rad ! if you 're a curly girl , trust me , do your gorgeous tresses a favor and hot-step it to see stefanie . plenty of stylists will tell you they can cut curly hair , and maybe 10 % actually can . she is a curl wizard and totally sweet funny awesome to chat with , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw cole yesterday for a cut and color . i arrived and was immediately greeted by the receptionist . cole was amazingly sweet and listened to what my vision was . i had been seeing the same hairdresser for years , and my coif needed some fresh love . cole was professional , sweet , and efficient . i was offered water , checked on when my color was processing . the customer service was outstanding . i absolutely love , love my hair . the salon was clean , has a relaxing vibe and a great view . all the staff were super friendly and welcoming . i can not wait for my next appointment ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it is in a very convenient and stylish location . i have had the pleasure of getting my hair colored and cut by grace and ragen . i love the outcome of my hair every time . this is definetley my go to salon for all my hair needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "repose did the hair and makeup for my wedding and they were amazing ! diana at the front desk got everything coordinated and was so nice and easy to work with . they did a hair and makeup trail with me that was very reasonably priced . tristan did my hair and did a wonderful job - it was everything i wanted . not only is she a great hair stylist , she 's super friendly and fun to talk to . cole and grace did my sisters ' and mom 's hair and their updos were absolutely gorgeous . nathalie did my make-up and i felt so beautiful and glowy ( if that 's a word ) . she really listened to what i wanted and i could n't have been happier with the end results . she also did my mom 's makeup which looked awesome and deanna gave my sister super awesome smoky eyes . i ca n't say enough good things about our experience at repose . i will add pictures as soon as i have them . thank you repose !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in downtown phoenix for vacation and was interested in getting a massage . repose is in a good location near several of the hotels . if you 're looking for a spa experience with a fancy lounge and locker room , this is n't it . do n't get me wrong , the spa has a nice urban vibe and look , it 's just not a hang out kind of spa . however , if you 're looking for an awesome massage , then this is the place ! i was fortunate to have davina who was absolutely divine . one of the best massages i 've ever had . she was so kind and nurturing and very experienced at delivering a holistic massage . next time i 'm in phoenix i 'll be sure to book another appointment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been scouring az for a new hair place after moving to tempe from ca , and i 'm so bummed i did n't find this place sooner ! i got my hair done on march 12th by cole & i am still in love with it . cole is a rockstar -- i showed her pictures of what i wanted and it turned out even better than i could have imagined . cole is awesome ! she 's extremely friendly & attentive to what you want . and she 's a hair painting genius ! needless to say , i loved my experience & will definitely be coming back . thanks so much for the awesome experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid salon experience . we stayed at the hotel palomar so decided to get a mani pedi and massage while we were here . i ca n't speak for my colleague who got the massage but she seemed very well rested and relaxed after she was done . i had the classic mani pedi and was easily accommodated when i told them i had something right after to get to . my manicurist fit both treatments in in an hour rather than the hour and a half and did a great job ! my nails looks fantastic and super glossy . the treatment itself seemed to be on par with other treatments i 've received for the price so there was n't anything too special , but it was a solid experience . the pedi chair was a bit awkward to get into and kind of uncomfortable but i was n't in it for too long . i chip my nails super quickly as i 'm pretty rough on them , but i 've been through two airports with them and a day later they still look great so brownie points for that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the salon , the view is great while you get primped and pampered . my stylist kyle tuttle is great , always does such an amazing job . i highly recommend him ! ! ! the first time a went to him , i let him choose what color to do . we decided on red and i 'm glad because i have never gotten so many compliments . i have recommended several people to him and the response has been the same . so if you 're in need of a good stylist go see kyle , he is amazing at what he does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was exactly the place i needed after a weekend of conference and recovering from a cold ! i called in on friday asking if they had any availability for saturday afternoon . they mentioned they were having it problems and would call me back when they could book my appt . they did so and were able to accommodate my request for the last spot of the day . i was greeted by davina who gave me a great massage with a combination of relaxation and working out the knots . she was all about finding what needed to be worked on and not so `` fluffy '' which was what i needed . and when my sinuses started draining from being face down she graciously offered me a kleenex and seemed genuinely pleased my body was already starting to detox ! water was waiting for me in the reception area to finish the treatment . i wish she was n't all the way in phoenix but i will visit her next time i am in town : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wife had a deep tissue massage , pedi and mani from her hubby ( just because a girl needs to be treated every once in awhile ) ... the staff was able to schedule an appointment with only 2-3 days notice and they did a great job ! my wife was relaxed and got a great color for her mani pedi ... my only regret : should 've scheduled a deep tissue massage for myself ... . wife was so happy with the surprise and she had a smile on her face all evening ... . guys : make your life easier , get your gal a deep tissue massage ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "short and sweet . i am the most particular client , living between la and phoenix with a super high bar for a good cut and someone that knows highlights ( no , not the outdated , chunky , skunk strips ) really knows highlights so ... i am a baatch to please . well ... i am so happy to say that while repose is a bit tricky to get to ( give yourself an extra 15 just to park ) it is well worth the effort . i have had more compliments on my cut ( let go of 5 inches ) that i have in years and i am booked for my highlights this week . my stylist johanna is witty , funny , super easy to talk to and she knows how to wield a pair of scissors - i am a big fan already and hope to have her as my stylist for a very long time . so be ok with the fact that you have trek to get to this salon , it 's really worth it - promise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience was a cut and color with stephanie . it was phenomenal ! this was the best color i 've had in a decade - i do red and it 's hard to get it right . she took the time to show me different mixtures and make multiple suggestions . my hair was healthy and vibrant after the fact . the cut was amazing too . i would n't go to anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "johanna is killer ! not only did she do a great job on my nails , i came back weeks later to get a blow out . she knocked it out of the park ! i received multiple compliments on my nails and hair . best of all she is a fun person to chat it up with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "repose salon and spa is absolutely amazing ! i come here strictly to see kyle . his work is phenomenal ! i am not one to experiment with my hair , but no matter what we choose , i always love it ! he is extremely professional and passionate about his work . i would never let anyone else near my hair with a pair of scissors . i am definitely a life-long client ! thanks kyle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these girls are amazing and very talented . every time i leave i 'm satisfied . just recently i dyed my hair ombr\u00e9 and i 'm continually getting complimented on . i 'll keep on coming for the great company and amazing talent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "johanna is a great stylist . attentive and friendly . beautiful salon - airy , contemporary , modern , in downtown phoenix easy underground parking and they validate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "see johanna ! no only is she a great stylist , i had a blast just shootin ' the s @ # t with her ... love my hair now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the first time today and had made an appointment with cole . she made the whole experience fun and entertaining with her bubbly personality ! not to forget my hair looked awesome ! go see cole for any hair services and you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another rave for davina . had a 90 minute deep tissue massage . easily the best massage of my life . my wife got hot stone deep tissue with carolyn , which she said was very good . i think she preferred the hot stone massage at la refuge in sedona , but i easily preferred my experience at repose . davina has plenty of strength to really work the tight muscles , but also a lot of finesse and sensitivity , got spots that every other massage has missed . very talented masseuse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place ! i highly recommend sherri . she is fabulous and has a gift for cutting hair ! she made me feel comfortable which almost never happens when i get my hair cut and we talked the whole time . it is reasonably priced and not stuffy like some city salons . great place to relax and pamper yourself ! again , sherri is fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad adrian moved to this new spot . he gave me a perfect haircut today and trimmed my beard up real clean . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a great salon & spa ! joanna just great service and easy to work with . good deals also for repeat clients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a bad experience with getting my hair colored . what makes the whole situation worse is that management could n't even take the time to entertain a complaint . i 've requested to speak to the manager twice ( ! ) and no one has bothered to even speak to me . i wish i was one of the people who had a great experience . apparently , if you have a bad one , they do n't care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful place with great product in facials somme from new york . the results facial is appropriately named . you see results immediately ! the pedicure was divine . all take their time and excel at their work . i will definitely be back when i pass thru phoenix . the spa btw is now part of the hotel palomar- kimpton hotel . the prices are reasonable and beat ny and la for an amazing affordable day spa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best service ! i go here for hair nail and it 's always amazing . great location , too : ) everyone is so friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is amazing and johanna is the best stylist . the staff is super friendly and amazing . i would highly recommend this salon and have sent many friends there to get their hair done . amazing , amazing , amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see cole to have a bad colour fixed . she did an amazing job and i am so happy ( wish i went to her first ! ! ) . no only does she have an adorable personality but she also took the time to understand exactly what i wanted . she even provided colour swatches to be sure.. if i did n't live one the other side of the world i would definitely make her my regular colourist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to salon repose . do n't be turned off buy the location . it may be tricky to find the salon at park but once you do it once you 'll be straight . i got lucky and was set up with stylist tristan . i am now a regular of tristan 's as she listened to my concerns and what i was going for . she banged it out and has been for months now . tristan can handle men 's hair . so if your a gentleman looking for a kind , patient and extremely talented hair stylist please give this young stylist a try . you will not be disappointed . she rocks my men 's cut , color and deep conditioning . also i became a member here at repose and the perks have turned out to work in my favor . awesome discounts ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's easy to rate this chic downtown salon 5 stars . it 's very clean and the welcoming staff are very warm and accommodating . guys : if you need an extra sharp haircut for a special occasion or if you 're someone who always likes to stay sharp , go see adrian ! i 've seen him do a wide variety of styles and the product is worth every penny . and the best part , besides the cut of course , was the beer he threw in while i was waiting ! i 'll continue to go to adrian until his hands fall off or my hair fall out , whichever comes first !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had an amazing massage from davina kehler ! i told her that i like a good amount of pressure to get rid of the knots in my back , and she delivered . i can move again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars to davina who welcomed me with a sweet demeanor and theeeee best massage . i was having chronic temple headaches and both my chiro and dr recommended having a massage done to work out the strains and tense upper back neck shoulders . i 'm no massage snob which is why davina made this even better . she was attentive and did n't patronize me . i enjoyed my one hour of relaxation and serenity even during the working out of knots which left me a bit sore but i expected this . i will be including this in my monthly regimen -- i 'm sure there are places that are less expensive but i live downtown and it 's convenient plus i feel comfy with her . which says a lot when you 're almost naked and feeling exposed : - ) she finished with some reflexology in my feet and a calming head massage.. pure heaven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not worth the price . horrible massage . i am kind of glad it was a gift card . i did n't use my own money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am a regular here at repose , and i have been coming here since before it became part of the hotel palomar . esthetician deanna is awesome ; i 've come to her mostly for waxing . she does a fantastic job and is always very thorough . plus , she 's got a great personality and makes an unpleasant necessity pass quickly . it goes without saying that everything is sanitary and comfortable ( never a reused wax stick , heated beds , fresh thick towels and robes , etc. ) . i 've also had my nails done here , and they have always turned out great , especially the gels ! they recently instituted a new membership program that gets great discounts and rewards . i do miss the old lunchtime quick deals , though . i would often stop in during this time . prices are reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to the salon for a brazilian wax prior to the name change . deanna is very professional & i do not trust anyone else to do this very personal procedure . she is amazing and i would recommend her to my family & friends . they now offer a membership that offers discounts on services & you earn points for every dollar you spends , which you can use toward services or merchandise at a later time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this brewery 's in a really cool industrial space tucked away behind some homes . it oddly does n't feel out of place . there 's usually a garage door that opens up that makes the place feel integrated to the street . i 've been here twice now and everyone 's really friendly and it does feel like part of a community . before coming here , i 've only had left field 's eephus which i like but there 's a lot more rotating options here . you can grab a pint , a beer flight or larger bottles to take home . the only downside is that it can get quite warm if t 's hot out , but they do have a lot of fans .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the beers good , a chance to taste their complete selection . great space , nice staff , but whats with all the hipster mummies with baby strollers ? ! one woman had just arrived and promptly whipped out her breast and started feeding her baby . i dont have an issue with breast feeding in public , but its a brewery ! , this is where they make my beer ! a bit bizarre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location and the building is cool . laser show and spaceman are coming home with us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bottom line : hmmm ... fresh beer ... stashed away on a nondescript street in what feels like the middle of nowhere is the cozy home of left field brewery . in my opinion , one of the better microbrews in toronto , they have a small retail and seating area that 's probably best enjoyed in a small group . i wished they would serve food as well , but hopefully this can be part of any future expansion - it would be nice to have an east end `` bellwoods '' . at the very least , they do welcome take out food ! i 'm also hoping they 're able to expand their space seeing it is pretty tiny . the beers speak for themselves and wo n't be the focus of this review , but you do owe it to yourself to try what they have to offer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice large space good for groups , especially for groups looking to watch some baseball . beer is pretty good if you enjoy craft beer in general . one down side is that it 's so out of the way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "marco wimmer gave me some good , solid advice when dealing with an insurance company . highly personal service , these guys are good ! . will reccomend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired daniel marco to help me when i was involved in an accident at work . he was very helpful , friendly and professional . he helped me get a great settlement from the accident , and working with him was a pleasure . his firm was always ready to give me information if i needed it , he explained what was going on in terms i could understand and he always got back up with me quickly . after the accident , i had a difficult time and working with dan and his associates really made things much easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrea and her staff were the best in assisting me through some rough times . from filing a chapter 13 initially then when i got real sick and had to leave work on long term disability and changing to a chapter 7 . awesome work while being compassionate and understanding of my situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean grocery , but it was hard to find certain items- the aisles need to be organized better . for instance , the peanut butter jars ( org and regular ) were located near the bread section ( weird ) , which was in the vicinity of the deli section ( makes sense ) . most groceries i 've shopped at ( local or in other states ) , the nut butters were grouped with other breakfast items , such as jellies , jams , coffee , and cereals . i think it 's actually cool to have a few jars of nut butters in the bread aisle ( for impulse buys or for those who may have forgotten to grab one while at the breakfast section ) , but to not have any next to the jellies and jams was just strange . the organic produce selection is slightly larger than that of bi-lo , but the prices are a little steep . kudos for having almond butter , even though it 's only `` all-natural . ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean and organized as all teeters are . great produce and meat section . all the shelves were stocked , the cashier was friendly and my shopping car worked great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is clean with easy parking . the staff seems pretty nice . it is a close store to my job , so i can walk at lunch if needed . the service is pretty quick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live right smack dab in the middle between this harris teeter and the one on wt harris blvd . i 've found there really is no advantage to going to one over the other . this one seems to be a little smaller and is not 24 hours . the fresh market items like the subs , sushi , and doughnuts are all pretty good . each day they have a sub special where you can get half a sub , chips , and a drink for $ 5 . it 's a great deal , especially because the subs are so big that a half is all you need . i think it 's a little pricey for items that are n't on sale and do n't do the majority of my grocery shopping here for that reason . but it 's a good place to stop and pick any odds and ends items that i may need for dinner that night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store needs to improve greatly ! daniel & cameron seem to be to the only ones who are there that knows how to help customers . shelves were not stocked a bunch of cashiers laughing until a manger said something . last saturday when i went in a female mgr was talking to her friend in the parking lot holding up traffic i tooted my horn & she flipped me off the fat cow ! ! ! i think we are going to start shopping at fresh market or food lion , publix is also opening up in concord . bye harris teeter !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this particular store is not managed well . checkout is always unpleasant , long lines regardless of the time of day and day of week . additionally they are frequently out sale items and it 's hard to find someone to help you when you need help reaching the back of shelves . the people at the meat counter are nice always , but they do n't have a big selection . this location does n't even have chorizo . i was surprised to find out this is a teaching location having all the issues it does .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there are food samples here and there . items on sale still cost more than regular price at publix or food lion . the checkout lines were slow today . i wonder why they have so many pointless prompts on the self checkout . why has n't anyone figured out how to detect debit vs. credit ? the store seems small because of how they set the aisles together and cram things around the endcaps .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beware of the salad bar around 6pm . last night the lettuce was wilted and the chicken salad had a yellowish film over it . unfortunately , nothing on the bar looked safe and consumable . i was very disappointed as the ht salad bar is my quick and easy go-to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is super convenient and close to other necessities like pharmacies and gas stations ( and i 'm coffee shops ! ) very clean and parking lot does n't usually get crazy til the weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with a friend to grab a couple of items . neat , clean , and friendly . we were in and out within about 15 minutes . had no problem finding things here , as everything is what harris teeter organized . i 'm not really a shopper here , but from the amount of people that were here , this is the neighborhood grocery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a clean grocery store with great customer service . my last visit was specifically for sour cream to make a crab dip . i was able to get in and out in less than 10 minutes . being an evic customer , i scored some free pita chips . i recommend becoming one if you are n't already . it takes a few minutes online , but you 'll get more offers than a regular ht customer . there are tesla charging stations in the parking lot if you need it . first time seeing those .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty much your standard ht here . this location is convenient to my place of work so i stop in every once in a while to get provisions . it is very easy to get in , but the way the shopping center is located , you either have to weave your way through the business parking lots next door to safely make a left back onto the road , or take your chances at an intersection ( with the usual crazy drivers ) . so the ease of in-and-out makes me rate this ht as a three star . the store is well kept and the employees are pleasant enough . i have not really experienced it , but i hear their lunch subs are decent ( for the right $ $ too ) . they 've been renovating the store , so every blue moon an aisle would be located , but there is good signage . the last time i was where they were redoing the slate floor in the entrances , but i think that has been completed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's harris teeter ! it 's an expensive grocery store , but at least you do n't feel slight after shopping there for produce , meats and ready to eat food items . i like the new bread they are using for the subs . sushi can be made per your order and the bakery does n't have the fruit flies in the baked goods ... nice job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is always my go-to store for groceries . customer service is always up to par . all cashiers are friendly and efficient . what i really like is that the sled checkout is always open . you do n't have to wait , if you do n't want to . also , all ht 's have fresh produce samples for most items . plus , the managers there have been helpful and giving towards community service projects i have participated in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dali extremely slow , but other wise it 's clean and confident . staff is friendly but deli is way over priced", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this particular location is my favorite harris teeter in the area . the produce is always fresh , well-stocked and the store is very well managed . employees are courteous and customer service is outstanding . a big 'hats-off ' to rosario , kimberly & all the others who make shopping here a pleasure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't bother with this business . awful ! ! ! ! ! ! ripoff unprofessional poor language trash mouthed on and on and on ... ... etc etc etc beware if you see an online deal", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow the customer service was so bad , i did n't even get to the point where they actually came to clean the house . completely unprofessional in every sense of the word , voicemail box was full when trying to reach the business , no call back , slow email response times , and just unprofessional from top to bottom . do n't waste your money no matter how good the living social deal sounds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hired maids 2 scrub for a saturday move out deep clean . it was important that they showed up because the next day i was having a carpet cleaning crew come in . maids 2 scrub never showed up , never contacted me , and when i contacted them an hour after they were supposed to show up , they told me they would `` check on it . '' another hour later , they still never contacted me back so i told them to cancel my appointment . worst cleaning service i have ever contacted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use this company ! extremely unprofessional and rude . i will post a photo of the text conversation i just had with one of the workers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased a special 2 hour session through living social on tuesday 4 25 . we have tried multiple times to call them ( once on tuesday , 3 times yesterday , twice today ) . i have received no return phone calls . i found their website , and emailed them my concern . they replied with a one sentence email telling me they were not available for 18 days ( may16 ) with no regard for my concerns simply stating their available times on that day . unable to be reached via phone ( which is what the living social directions explicitly tells you to do ) , then when reached via email , they are curt at best , downright rude at worst . i have requested a refund via living social . i will not attempt to do business with this company again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased the living social deal and was a little weary after reading some of the reviews . i bought the 5 hours of moving out cleaning . on the day that they were supposed to come , i called to confirm the time . the lady on the phone told me that they had a crew call in sick and that the cleaners would not be there for the original time slot . she did however find another crew who showed up at the time promised which was only a half hour later . no big deal . the ladies who cleaned my townhouse were awesome ! they did such a great job and i was very happy with the service . i appreciated how professional and friendly they were .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good staff . friendly & detailed . the older lady that checks in cars can come on strong at first , but she 's on top of things . quick to dry cars & pretty detailed . tall skinny guy remembers my car , he knows the service i want each time . they have a deal , for $ 29.95 mth you get unlimited car washes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very professional and courteous staff ! i have a diesel truck and the price for an oil change was very reasonable ! ( $ 120 for 15 qts ) the best part was the entire oil change only took 15 mins ! this is my new oil change spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service , manager could n't quote me any prices . he did n't even seem bothered by it . i planned on getting a radiator flush , transmission flush , oil change , and new filters but instead i just got a standard oil change and i plan on going somewhere else for the rest . they could use better customer service if they would like to increase their sales .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent car wash offering the works . i just had a quick wash of the outside which was reasonably priced at $ 8 , the car was filthy as i 've done 4,000 miles in the past 3 weeks . a team of 5 spring into action scraping the bugs off the front and removing a thick dirt build up from a construction road . the car was filthy and left sparkling , the staff are also very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love feeling like they 're verbally attacked by a manager at an oil place ? i mean of course everyone loves doing a chore and immediately being told your wrong by an overagressive manager because another terribles does n't immediately upsell you . this was a horrible experience . carlos , the manager was way too aggressive , leading us to go to another terribles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times , this is my last time here : the operation is run so poorly , some of the new staff had no idea about cusotmer service . it 's been 20 minutes since i dropped my car off and it 's still sitting there waiting to be vacuumed . a 15 dollar car wash and i should have learned . my lesson last time because i got the 20 dollar car wash and my seats and mats were still left dirty . i should of learned my lesson and you should she yourself the bad experience and do n't come here , ever . if rather wash my car with a dirty dish rag . 40 minutes to get my car washed . half way through i asked the guy how we are doing on time . he says. `` oh i 'm doing great on time . you ? '' what a douche . however the manager of the car wash handled it like a pro . his name was robert and he was fantastic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very clean station , friendly people , and the car wash is great . i highly recommend the car wash pass , well worth the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always come here for oil change.they are friendly and have excellent service and they have comp drink plus free full car was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good service ! the actually take the time to make a professional car wash and clean until deepest places inside my car ! well worth what they charge for carwash ! recommended 200 % ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gas was under $ 3.50 ... . i wish i could had bought some and brought it back to los angeles with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good service from the car wash attendants and my car looked a lot better with a car wash. good service and quick service even on a busy day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place seriously is the only place i will go for a car wash . i had a really shitty experience at the terribles on pecos and windmill and they left my car a mess and no one would return my phone calls to rectify it . i went to this car wash and explained the situation to the manager and he took care of it for free . everyone was super friendly and my car has never looked better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here every year for a wash before a car show . two years ago they did an amazingggg job and it is so good for the price . this year it was ok , but noticed when i got there some smudges and some areas that did n't look washed at all . overall it was ok cause i had driven a few hundred miles and it needed it but was n't the best ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their name is almost right ... terrible car wash , or we will mess up your car or something along those line . just a tip that suit better for this business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the prices continue to go up quality does not maintain good consistency , their equipment is always breaking down which stops the washing process i do have to tell you not recommended this place is getting worse and worse i am now moving on to a better car wash with better ratings funny thing is they do n't read these so there will be no response they do n't care and it shows", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a free showing , you ca n't go wrong ! 7pm on wednesday nights you get to sit in the planetarium room and they talk about the stars ! after they take you to the rooftop where you actually get to the see the north star up close and even see a nebula ! ! they take their super high tech laser green pen and shoot at the stars . its a good free event to do on a wednesday night ! = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the chance to visit this planetarium while visiting friends in az last week . very nice facility and staff . i love planetariums and space stuff , so i had to check this place out . it was strange walking in and not having a familiar dome overhead for the main show , but it was in 3d and once things got going , it was very nice . the show was presented live and very well . in fact , they really refer to this place as an `` exploration theater '' and not so much a `` planetarium '' . i would recommend this place to those who are a bit older and crave a bit more information ( like middle school and older ) . this place is n't like a typical museum that caters to a bunch of little children running around . the live narration and ability for discussion afterwards was very good . thank you to asu for having such a nice facility and programs being available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredibly informative ! maybe a little intellectually intense for young kids , even i was a little overwhelmed with all the knowledge crammed into a one hour show . i saw the 3d star show ... the visuals were great and the presenter was super knowledgeable and entertaining . the music was a nice touch ! definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is impossible to find . walked all around asu , went to the address . asked every student i could find where it was . no one could tell me . their location needs an accurate address . wanted to go see the star show but could never find it . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good , friendly service and competitive pricing is everything i was looking for when shopping for tires . their quote included mounting , balancing , 4 wheel alignment , disposal , tax , road hazard warranty and tire rotation every 5000 miles . they did not have the tires i wanted in stock , but had them brought in the next day for a 12:30 appointment . i was a happy customer and out of there by 1:45 . oh , and free wifi too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the new location behind sheetz is easily accessible and brand new ! ! free wifi while you wait . as a `` car guy '' who researches every car part purchase i have to question the previous bad review 's authenticity ... . i researched new tires for my mercedes benz and called then went to talk these folks . this place is locally owned operated . they quoted me a price for the tires , mounting , balancing , and an alignment , in addition to the road hazard warranty . i could n't get a better deal anywhere else . my car has a couple different ways to achieve an alignment and they knew about them . they did the alignment the correct way with no need for the alignment camber bolt kit `` upsell . '' great price , great service . today i 'm back getting a flat tire repaired due to a screw in the tire . they were happy to fix the tire . i 'm happy and , as a `` car guy , '' recommend bruce brothers for tires & auto repair work . -mike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service here . i had a tire that kept leaking . had it to the local firestone 2 times they said it may be the rim or bead of the tire itself since they could n't fix it . took it to bruce bros and within an hour they fixed the leak no new tire or rim needed ... best part was the price.. when i asked how much they said do n't worry about it ... with this they just earned a great review and my future business.. best part about it is they are soon going to be in a new larger building right down the road by sheetz . keep up the good work ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! honest ! when we got the car inspected somewhere else they told us that we were going to need new tires . we took it to bruce brothers and they told us that we did n't need them until the end of the summer . saved us $ 500", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son took his car there for inspection , and they gave him a written list that required 3 items to be repaired . he replaced two tires , fixed some holes in the body , and had the play checked for a tie rod they said needed to be replaced measured and it was nowhere close to being worn out . he went back , and they re-checked the tie rod which was fine , and then listed 3 additional items which mh son showed them had been repaired and or were in working order , and they started looking for other reasons not to inspect his car and refused to inspect his car . if they give you a written list after inspecting your car , that should be it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this shop is as fair as they come . most places try to rip you off at inspection time , not bruce brothers . they are also friendly , professional and will actually talk to you about what is going on with your car . by the way , the tire service is just as good . i have had tires put on my subaru at bruce for the last six years and have been happy each time . i highly recommend bruce for quality and great service ... both are much harder to find these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are the absolute worst . you may get a deal if they have old tires on hand but that 's all you 'll get . their tire pricing and service is far from good in comparison to others . be smart . stay far away from them . do your homework and get good tires and pricing elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was recommended to me by a friend , after i got jerked around by ntb . i called last friday afternoon , lady on the phone found a good deal in stock for my size and i made a apt for saturday . i was in an out in less than 2 hours , no hassles or problems .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed . made an appointment to get oil changed and tires rotated . took over an hour and a half for what should not take more than 30 minutes . on top of this they did not reset the oil change light so i had to do that myself . they let the vehicle sit for almost an hour before starting . why make an appointment ? will not use them again . the next day i noticed oil on my garage floor and found a loose filter and they did not tighten a bolt they loosened in the tray under the car . i corrected both . i contacted bruce brothers via their website but never received any feedback . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our family already has a `` go to '' shop for our cars , however , my son came home from college for the weekend and needed an unexpected wheel alignment . our shop couldnt take him until the following monday but he was due back to school . thanks to yelp , we stumbled on bruce bros. after work was completed , representative explained the work in detail and provided documentation of `` before and after . '' i did a little research to get an estimate of cost and bruce bros. came in on the lower side . i was completely pleased with the overall experience . i left with confidence of quality of service and cost . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a really good deal on snow tires here a few years ago . they throw in a free alignment . their prices are generally competitive . if you do n't know much about tires and you want decent advice and a piece of mind , then this is a great place for you . you can get better deals elsewhere if you do a lot of tire research , but as the average driver probably does n't even know how to read a car tire size , they should find bruce brothers to be perfect for them . for someone who knows the tires they want , this place might be limited and unless they changed their policy , they do n't price match .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these folks are great and i am very impressed . here is what i have experienced : - they do what they say they will do . - they are courteous . - they are quick . - they have skills . - their new shop is big and beautiful . - their prices seem very reasonable . it is rare that we get exactly what we expect , but that has been my experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "100 % a+++ every time . after i had moved to the area a few years ago , i was recommended by a co-worker to go here . my husband & i get everything done here , not just tire work . their service is commendable , honest , & fair . service is fast . the new elite location is comfortable & attractive . a couple years ago , i had a construction nail stuck in the tire of my brand new car . 3 other places refused to attempt to repair . bruce brothers fixed the tire ( i think i paid no more than $ 25 ? . it lasted the life of the tire . when i went up purchase my new tires- there was no doubt i 'd return . keep up the good work- you certainly earned our trust and loyalty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being jerked around by ntb , i went to bruce brothers . since then , i have n't gone anywhere else . bruce brothers offers a wide variety of tires , for all budgets . since they just moved to a new larger location , i am guessing they will be expanding their customer base . just recently , i would like to give a big `` thanks '' to jesse for helping me with a problem . they have made every tire purchase a guarantee that i will return . friendly and efficient service . keep up the good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here many times . had lots of cars serviced here . had at least 40 tires bought and installed also . never much problems . started going there for customer service which was good . the key word is was . the lady answering the phone is ignorant and has attitude that is very poor for customer service . i was told she is related to the owner . if that 's the case they must have too much business because i will never go back . tire rack and ntb now for me . why give the little guy the business when they do n't want it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as hard as it is to find an honest garage to work on your car , i found it in bruce brothers tires . i could not say enough good things about their professionalism , their knowledge of cars , their honesty and the very fair pricing on everything they do . the know how picky i am about my cars and they always exceed my expectations of anything i need done . i am glad i found bruce brothers and i will have many , many years of a business relationship with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great service from all inclusive price quotes to follow-up tire checks and rotations . i would not go anywhere else for tires .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the first time ever using bruce brothers tire . we will return and use them again . they were courteous . they were on time . they were reasonably priced . the waiting room was clean . we used them for emissions testing and inspection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samstag 17.10.2015 22.00 einlass 6\u20ac tja was soll man zu einer echt gelungenen depeche mode party sagen ... ... coole leute , gute mukke , voller laden ... ..mit feiner atmosph\u00e1re zum abtanzen ... . also ich h\u00e4tte auf jeden fall lust auf einen zweiten \u00b0aber hallo event\u00b0 zu dieser musik ... ..f\u00far jeden ein muss der fan von dieser geilen gruppe ist . auch der dj hat sich echt m\u00f9he gegeben ... von meiner seite aus ... .klasse event ... ach nochwas ... im oberen bereich ist es etwas ruhiger und man kann sich sehr gut unterhalten sowie billard spielen ... abh\u00e4ngen , chillen , kaffee trinken ... .ec . am tresen sollte man etwas geduld aufbringen zu m\u00fassen ... zwecks getr\u00e1nke usw ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich war schon auf einigen konzerten im lka und finde die location immer wieder super . man kommt schnell \u00fcber die schnellstra\u00dfe hin , einen parkplatz hab ich im industriegebiet bisher immer gefunden und auch mit den \u00f6ffentlichen ( u-bahn ) ist es gut zu erreichen . die gr\u00f6\u00dfe erlaubt super konzerte mit vielen leuten , die akustik ist super und man kann recht nah am geschehen , sprich an der b\u00fchne sein . ich freue mich immer , wenn ein konzert im lka stattfindet , da wei\u00df man was man hat ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr schmuddelig und damit sind nicht nur die besucher gemeint . preise sind allerdings im rahmen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "war paar mal bei konzerten da und finde die location echt cool . sogar mit sitzgelegenheit f\u00fcr die stehfaulen : ) luft ist auch ok , seitdem nicht mehr geraucht werden darf . es gibt sogar bei konzerten einen kellner der getr\u00e4nke rumtr\u00e4gt . da k\u00f6nnen sich andere locations noch was abschauen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "als ich beim bruno mars konzert war herrschte tolle stimmung in einer sch\u00f6nen location . da es nicht sooo gro\u00df ist hat man gute chancen den star auf der b\u00fchne auch mal zu sehen und der sound ist auch gut : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich war bisher nur auf konzerten im longhorn , gehe aber immer wieder gerne hin . die lage ist einfach super , weil man nicht lange durch die stadt fahren muss . parkpl\u00e4tze sind daf\u00fcr wirklich bescheiden , denn es gibt vom longhorn aus selbst mal gar keine sprich bei ausverkauften konzerten muss man durchaus weiter weg parken oder fr\u00fch dran sein um n\u00e4here zu bekommen die atmosph\u00e4re passt zu den meistens rockigen bis metalligen musikrichtungen manche w\u00fcrden wohl das wort metalschuppen benutzen g. aufgrund der gr\u00f6\u00dfe ist man immer recht nah am live-geschehen dran . und wegen der hallenh\u00f6he kommt nie ein beklemmendes gef\u00fchl auf ( auch wenn 's mal voller sein sollte ) . cool ist auch , dass man quasi in den backstage-bereich st\u00e4ndig reinlinsen kann , weil der erh\u00f6ht \u00fcber allem mit fenstern nach au\u00dfen liegt einziges manko die theke ist zwar riesig , nur leider oft unterbesetzt , so dass man , wenn 's mal voller ist , schon etwas auf sein bier warten muss . lob allerdings an die bedienungen , die versuchen das beste daraus zu machen und sich teils enorm viele bestellungen merken !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was soll man zum lka gro\u00df sagen ? fr\u00fcher wars mal ein countryladen , heute wird rock und 80er gespielt . vor allem die kwick ! 80er partys sind sehr nett . das publikum ist gemischt , von 18 bis 60 d\u00fcrfte jedes alter vertreten sein . g\u00fcnstige getr\u00e4nkepreise und kein wirklicher dresscode .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das lka ist sowohl disco als auch konzert '' veranstalter '' - und billiard spielen kann man auch . echt zu empfehlen wenn man auf oldies , rock , metal , alternative , independent , ... und solche musik steht . viel abwechslung und zudem viel platz : das lka ist echt `` riesig '' als disco , es gibt eine bereich mit tischen , eine lange bar , eine gro\u00dfe tanzfl\u00e4che , sowie einen 2ten-stockwerk-bereich mit kleinen tischen , billiardtischen , einer kleinen bar . nur bei konzerten wird es etwas eng . allerdings hat man die chance den die k\u00fcnstler ( in ) am hinterausgang zu treffen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die besten konzerte der stadt steigen im lka . rock , metal , punk , alles ist dabei . ansonsten solide rockdisco am wochenende . allerdings etwas schwer zu erreichen , bzw . schwer nachts wieder wegzukommen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eine der gr\u00f6\u00dften konzertlokations in stuttgart mit vielen konzerten sowohl nationaler als auch internationaler acts . w\u00e4hrend den konzerten leider nicht allzugute luft ( aber das ist ja in hallen immer so : p ) einigerma\u00dfen gute anbindung an den \u00f6pnv ist auch mit der u9 ( ? ) bis kodak gegeben ( 5 min fu\u00dfweg ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zeitreise gef\u00e4llig ? dann ab ins lka ... die \u00e4ra in der nirvana , metallica , korn , primus und co. die tanzfl\u00e4che gerockt haben scheint in diesem reservat ewig fortzubestehen . wenn man sich drauf einl\u00e4sst , f\u00fchlt man sich mal eben 10-15 jahre j\u00fcnger und hat seinen spass dabei . auch andere zeitspr\u00fcnge lassen sich erfolgreich realisieren ... es gibt 80er parties , oldie parties und noch so einiges mehr , zu dem es sich gut feiern l\u00e4sst . es gibt musikalisch nat\u00fcrlich auch aktuelles aus der unpoppigen ecke und die vielen konzerte sind eine feine sache . nur die anlage im lka ist nichts f\u00fcr empfindliche ohren jenseits der 30 ... insbesondere bei konzerten empfiehlt sich die verwendung von ohropax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute location , sehr sehr schlechte securities . ich war letzte woche auf einem konzert von klangkarusell , auf das ich sehr lange gewartet hatte . w\u00e4hrend der vor-dj aufgelegt hat , wurde um mich herum bereits permanent geraucht , sowohl zigaretten als auch marihuanazigaretten . dann dachte ich mir , dass ich mir auch eine fluppe anz\u00fcnden kann . 1 minute sp\u00e4ter packten mich zwei securities , eine davon war eine sehr aggressive und erkenntnisresistente frau , die anscheinend meinte , ihre weibliche autorit\u00e4t raush\u00e4ngen lassen zu m\u00fcssen , und verwiesen mich des konzertes . beide securities lie\u00dfen \u00fcberhaupt nicht mit sich reden und auch nach mehrfacher entschuldigung , waren sie \u00fcberzeugt , dass ihre tat legitim sei . mir ist sehr bewusst , dass dort das nichtraucherschutzgesetz gilt und sie hausrecht besitzen , aber was das opportunit\u00e4tsprinzip und die verh\u00e4ltnism\u00e4\u00dfigkeit angeht , war die reaktion der securities sehr unmenschlich , intolerant und diskriminierend . sowas habe ich noch nirgends erlebt . in keinem einzigen club in stuttgart . nicht einmal in der schleyerhalle . wirklich erschreckend , wie manchen menschen einfach jegliche empathie fehlt !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hammer geiler club um richtig dreckig abzugehn ! nur die verkehrsanbindung ist nicht gerade die bestemein bestes erlebnis bis jetzt im lka war die cocacola soundwave tour ! war einfach nur der absolute hammer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das lka ist etwas verkommen und damit ist nicht nur die einrichtung gemeint ! f\u00fcr einen gem\u00fctlichen disco abend nicht wirklich geeignet !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das lka-longhorn l\u00e4dt zu konzerten und den normalen regelm\u00e4\u00dfigen disco-acts ! wie schon vor mir beschrieben , l\u00e4uft im lka haupts\u00e4chlich rockiges aus gr\u00f6\u00dftenteils vergangenen zeiten . donnerstags oldies ( 70er ) , freitags rock crossover ( achtung , verschiedene termine ! ) und samstags independant , crossover , nu-metal usw . donnerstags ist der eintritt kostenlos , freitags & samstags werden 5eur eintritt verlangt ( wobei ihr am eingang eine 1eur essens- getr\u00e4nkemarke bekommt ) ! im mich meiner vorrednerin und meinem vorredner anzuschlie\u00dfen , w\u00e4re ich gerne \u00f6fters im lka , was haupts\u00e4chlich an der lage liegt : ) ich gebebe 5-sterne und hoffe `` qyper '' dort bald zu sehen ; ) homepage : http : www.lka-longhorn.de", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wer das akt . longhorn mit alten erinnerungen rund um die 90er misst wird u.u . geringf\u00fcgig entt\u00e4uscht sein vom sich derzeit bietenden eindruck . doch .. was hat sich denn so gravierend verschlechtert seit damals ? genau . nichts sp\u00fcrbares . der olle zeitgeist ist ein anderer geworden , und wer es glattpoliert samtweicher nun denn braucht soll diesen verwegenen laden eben meiden . f\u00fcr mich ist er nach wie vor ein magnetisierender ort f\u00fcr insges.h\u00e4rtere kl\u00e4nge , relaxte leute und weitr\u00e4umige , durchdacht ausgeleuchtete behaglichkeit . nicht perfekt , aber eigen und anziehend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is great for concerts . i visited it in december and it is simply amazing . i really like this kind of shabby ( not dirty ) locations and it seems like design especially for rock concerts . thumbs up ... but two things are definitely annoying . first the parking situation is a pain in the , come on , you know where ... ; ) and second : due to the fact that they want to serve the beer in a blink it 's moldy : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute lokaltion . musikakts und konzertauswahl in guter mischung . der bereich oberhalb ist doch recht gemuetlich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das lka liegt im stuttgarter stadtteil wangen . wie es dort im normalen betrieb zugeht kann ich leider nicht sagen , jedoch ist es f\u00fcr konzerte sehr zu empfehlen . in der regel stehen in der gegend ausreichend parkpl\u00e4tze zur verf\u00fcgung und ein fressladen mit dem namen mc donalds ist auch nicht weit . mit ca . 1.600 pl\u00e4tzen ist das lka zwar keine gem\u00fctlicher schuppen wie man ihn von kleinen undergroudkonzerten kennt , aber auch nicht \u00fcberblaufen . mit den t\u00fcrstehern gibt es keine probleme , selbst wenn man eine etwas dickere kamera dabei hat gew\u00e4hren sie einem den einlass . lediglich die s\u00e4ulen k\u00f6nnen das konzertvergn\u00fcgen st\u00f6ren , zumindest wenn man dahinter steht . das einzige was mit am lka extrem st\u00f6rt sind die toiletten , die bei jedem meiner bisherigen besuche \u00fcberflutet waren .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finde das lka echt klasse . nur leider kommt man mit den \u00f6ffentlichen nachts nicht mehr in die stadt zur\u00fcck . weshalb meine wahl dann meistens eher auf innenst\u00e4dtische locations , wie z.b . `` die r\u00f6hre '' , f\u00e4llt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein rock-laden mit l\u00e4ssigem und nettem publikum . irgendwie erinnert mich das innere an ein hangar - und irgendwie gef\u00e4llt mir das nicht so richtig . zwar sind im lka \u00f6fters konzerte ( auch richtig gute und absolute gehimtipps ) , aber so richtig abdrehen hab ich die leute da noch nicht sehen . vielleicht war ich aber auch nur auf den falschen konzerten", "score": "3"}
{"review": "megan is amazing ! ! she is so open to trying new styles ! she keeps up to date with the latest hair trends ! she is so friendly and provides great service ! ! love her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to this salon and i ca n't speak for the service because no one ever answers ! the voicemail just gives a phone number not the name of the person or salon ! that is very unprofessional . i refuse to leave a message for an unknown person ! i wanted to talk to the stylist before i booked an appointment ! pass on this place ! no customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "megan is fabulous ! she 's always warm and welcoming . ca n't imagine going to anyone else for salon services . love what she does to my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "megan has a very welcoming salon and personality . there 's no pressure from her and she does great highlighting ! i love the products she sales . she really works with me to get me in last minute . very relaxed place to get my hair , eyebrows done . megan offers many different services . just ask her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming here to get my hair done ! megan has a great personality and listens to what you want ! she is great at cutting and coloring ! i would never go to anyone else ! she will make sure you leave happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hidden but it 's one of scarborough best kept secret . this food is real authentic jamaican food . their prices are so great and reasonable . i got a large box of half oxtail with curry goat and rice and peas with coleslaw for $ 12 flat ! ! amazing deals in there , the food is so amazingly good and authentic . this is coming from a jamaican born and raised in jamaica . trust me , find this place and you 're happy you 've found it . it 's right after huntingwood on kennedy north . great little spot . oxtail is so juicy and tender and full of rich flavour . will go again forever , highly recommended spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i crave jamaican food , this is the place i think of ! the jamaican food here is sooooo good . this is definitely a hidden gem in scarborough , tucked inside a small empty plaza . it 's a small store that focuses on the food . i ordered the chicken fricassee and the ox tail . the meat is so juicy and tender , it just falls right off . it is also saucy and full of flavour , and comes with 2 sides , the plantains and the rice and peas . the plantains are the best ! ! ! i 've never tasted anything like this . sadly , you ca n't order a whole box of these , which i wish they had because i can just eat this for an entire meal . tip : go early ! they ran out of the rice and peas and the jerk chicken ... which i 've also tried and loved . they also make amazing patties .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i could n't wait to write this review after finishing my meal . it 's hard finding a place that serves up top quality oxtail . i have had my share of oxtail and most places serve them overly salty or the meat is overly fatty with very little meat . not p jays though , its done perfectly here . for $ 12 you get a whole lot of fall off the bone meat , rice and peas which is nicely sauced up so its not dry , a side of coleslaw and finally a nice caramelized plantain which really surprised me ( 5 stars ) . i also tried the beef patty and it was pretty good . flaky crust and moist meaty center ( 4 stars ) just like others have said this place is really well hidden . as you drive by you wo n't find any signs and even if you try using street view on google maps it will not reveal anything . you have to walk into this tunnel-like area to find this place . 4.5 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . what a fantastic meal . as others have already pointed out , it is a hidden gem , tucked away in an unassuming strip mall past huntingwood . i got the mixed dinner combo ( oxtail and curried goat on top of rice and peas with a side of slaw ) and added a jamaican patty on top of it - which are also made on site i believe and was delicious btw . i was hoping to buy an imported ginger beer to complement my meal but unfortunately they dont carry it anymore . my meal came to around $ 15 and it was absolutely glorious . it is truly only a take-out joint , so no seating . i will be returning way more often since it is within short driving distance of where i work . highly recommended place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall the food was really good ! the rice and peas with gravy amazing ! ! not giving it 4 stars because of the price ... paid $ 29 for 1 small jerk chicken dinner and 1 medium oxtail dinner and drinks . given these were small take-out containers ... we both felt it did n't deserve 4 stars . jerk chicken and oxtail were both good , however my brother and i both felt the rice and gravy were definitely above average - mostly the gravy tho . i would n't mind coming back again , even tho it was expensive.. but chris jerk is still my first choice this type of food . in my opinion , better rice and peas , better oxtail , and cheaper price ... no recommendation from me , but would return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the foooodd here ! ! my boyfriend ordered just the jerk chicken meal which was $ 10 for a large takeout box ( great deal if you ask me ) i ordered the ox & chicken meal which was $ 12 for a large ! ! ! and yummmmyyyy ! ! i could n't finish it all so i had to split for dinner aswell ! ! but i 'm coming back for moree ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is my first experience with jamaican food . i first tried their jerk chicken with fried plantain , and i loved it . the chicken is juicy and tender . i tried a different thing each time , and nothing had ever disappointed me . their menu is small and you can try them all in one time if you are throwing a party : ) their veggie patty is yummmm ! ! ^^ the jerk chicken is better than those i had in jamaica . i 'm glad that i had given p jay 's my `` first '' ^^", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you could walk by or drive by p jays and never notice it . it 's located inside an alley in a small plaza on kennedy rd just north of huntingwood dr in scarborough . it 's really unfortunate because the food is really good authentic jamaican food . i ordered a small jerk dinner meal ( $ 8.75 tax included ) with rice and peas with oxtail gravy over it . the chicken was fantastic , perfectly done skin and seasoning and the meat was tender and juicy . the rice and peas were nice and moist and the oxtail gravy was rich and flavourful . the plantain was also really good . the only thing that was n't too good was the coleslaw which was n't creamy enough . if you are looking for good authentic jamaican food in upper scarborough at a reasonable price , definitely try out p jays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pjays is the best hidden gem in scarborough for jamaican food ! fave items : ox tail with rice and peas , beef patty and chicken fricassee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmm ... i recently came back and tried the ox tail . the ox tail sauce is perfect with the rice and peas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally a hidden gem . oxtail was delicious , jerk was delicious . their food has so much flavor , it 's never over-salted and always tastes fresh . my only wish is that they served plantain as a menu item ( they cook it to perfection ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place for ox tail ! i 've tried most , if not all , places that offer ox tail and p jays take out is by far the best . their ox tail is meaty and big . other places have ox tail that is small and bony which makes it exhausting to pick out and eat , but this place does n't . also , the meal comes with rice or rice and peas , plantain , and coleslaw . the plantain is amazing with the ox tail and usually comes with two pieces . service is pretty fast . the price for a large ox tail meal is around $ 14 and a small is around $ 12 . you have to try this place at least once if you like ox tail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this tiny hole in the wall joint in scarborough has zero seating , as emphasized in their name , but serves up some seriously delicious food . curried goat , ox tail , stewed beans and fresh made patties , it 's worth the drive . please note its cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best spicy beef patties . spice is just right , pastry is n't too buttery . sooo good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i just went to pjs and i ordered 1 large oxtail and 1 small ... the small had more oxtail than the large ... not happy about that and it was flooded with gravy", "score": "2"}
{"review": "roast beef ripoff ... the staff here are very friendly and i 've bought bagels for the office here a couple of times - everything is fresh and tasty . but , i went to grab a quick sandwich today and will not be going back for any reason in the future . i paid $ 5.49 for what they call a deli sandwich - since a single bagel costs 99 cents , you would expect a reasonable amount of meat for the additional $ 4.49 - instead , i got back to the office and found 2 small slices of roast beef and some shreds from someone else 's slices composed about a 1 4 inch thick layer of meat . i immediately thought of the old slogan `` where 's the beef ? '' but this was such a paltry portion , it really was n't funny . since most chains set portion sizes , someone at this shop made the decision that it 's okay to shortchange their customers . it 's a shame , but i 'm avoiding this shop and am warning others of the practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bagels are good but the cleanliness is very poor . the cutting boards have been sliced in them with black colored buildup and the boards are no longer white but a brown color . also , the girl would cut the bagels then clean the knife off in a dirty cloth that was covered in crumbs , etc and did n't look like it had been cleaned in a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice clean place . good food . this is yhe first time i have eaten there . i will definitely be coming bacl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fresh bagels and some of best coffee . you can eat and have a cup of joe for cheaper then starbucks down the street . if your looking for something simple this is your spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clearly the best bagel shop in the west akron fairlawn area . delicious menu items and staple staff that have been here for years and deliver flawless service . great place for a meetup on the way into the office or a quick weekend breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very scenic . went here on a mini roadtrip and took lots of pictures . great place to reconnect with nature without going too far out of the city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this park is ok. good for bike riding , volleyball , basketball , and sand castles . note : the picture of the purple and green playground is not in this park . @ ivy r erase the pic . that playground is from the park located on 35th ave dunlap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great for functions . i had a gender reveal party at this park and even with nearly 40 people it was ready for everyone to have a place to sit or stand . pretty trees were blooming do it was great for pictures", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this park . my back yard opens up to this park . it is always well maintained , a perfect place for birthday parties . they are working on fixing the playground slide after some vandalism . but other than that a great fun safe place for the entire family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried again for a full proper dinner and had a much better time . place was so quiet - very few other people . shared the reuban sandwich , broccoli salad , brussels sprouts caesar and the albacore tuna . everything was really good - the tastes and concepts reminded me of daisho , which is funny , since the manager at thoroughbred used to be the manager at momofuku ... . reuban sandwich was made with warm , pickled veal tongue , which was great . messy , but good . the brussels sprouts were fried and they came with a runny egg to mush about . sashimi style tuna matched well with crunchy cut up asparagus . i would definitely go back for dinner , and would recommend dining family style sharing . i stayed away from the cocktails this time and just had wine , which was lovely . high price point for what you get because of the area , but overall a good , positive experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome spot , hidden away on richmond street ( near peter ) , directly opposite scotiabank cinemas . great brews , really , really nice food . not the same old , same old . we ordered waldorf salad ( w quinoa ) wild mushroom tart , steak frites w wedge fries . wanted to try the loaded potatoes , the fish of the day , and the interesting sounding hot dog . will definitely be going back . staff was friendly and service was flawless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibe . fabulous , polite staff . exceptional food . had my first t.b expereince last night and it was quite spectacular ! i was greeted with a warm welcome and all of the staff that assisted my table were kind , pleasant and chill . loved that they had a vegan vegetarian option to the menu . kung pao cauliflower = to die for . everything from the cocktail presentation to the funky doors in the bathroom made it a unique and fun experience ! will totally revisit this funky , eclectic joint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for lunch on a friday . food was fantastic . dishes were presented elegantly . servers were attentive to our small group and made our first experience much more enjoyable . also , loved the funky decor of this new restaurant . ca n't wait to go back to try more of their food -- dinner next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the daily special was fried chicken and crazy cheap champagne , but it was a tasting menu kind of night for us . the food was good and served in some interesting ways : the assador de barro is house-made sausage set on fire in a pig clay dish . the cocktails and conversation were flowing . i loved the bourbon and fig pairing in the otto e mezzo , but the highlight of the evening was connecting with a kindred spirit . not a bad tuesday night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so went here the other night and i have to say ballsiest menu ever ! but in a really great way . i was so surprised at how great the food was , going back bringing friends and their friends and who knows may just buy the place lol . seriously eat here ! good ambience , great food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice and everything on the menu is delicious . the burgers are juicy and the cauliflower kung pao was amazing . i recommend everyone to try this place once , especially if they 're looking for something new , because it probably was one of the best experiences i 've had dining out . the service is always fast and friendly and the restaurant has great , warm vibes . not the cheapest place but 100 % worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dinner . the kung pao cauliflower was outstanding . really . we also ordered the brussel sprout ceasar salad with a poached egg , which was good , and the chorizo which was roasted on the table . the banana split was fantastic , the deconstructed lemon meringue was good . portions are small , but everything is very flavorful . service was attentive and friendly . $ 38 for splitting one main , two apps , and two desserts three ways with one glass of wine . i 'd go back just for the cauliflower . seriously .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went here for the first time today , and i 'm floored . with its classy rustic modernity and its concise , focused menu , the place looks and fits the part of a toronto-born favourite in the making . admittedly , the place is small , but the intimate setting and low ambient volume make it an ideal date or business spot , especially for lunch . the food was excellent ; both small shareables and proper mains can be found , as with meat and non-meat options . the kung pao cauliflower is a clear winner and likely to become a signature treat . nicer still , a private chef 's table and kitchen upstairs add a great allure for those in-the-know foodies with friends . easily one of my new go-tos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were looking for a place to have our staff dinner and i suggested thoroughbred based on the awesome meal that my boyfriend and i had here a couple of weeks ago . i think it 's safe to say that everyone loved the food and had a great time . we sat at the chef 's table and watched all the food go out . the $ 55 pp tasting menu was great and probably the perfect amount for everyone . service was wonderful . we had several people helping us out but they all communicated well and it made for a great night out . thanks , thoroughbred . you are a new favourite of mine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a awesome experience . my wife and i went a few weeks ago for dinner . we were blown away by the food . both of us are vegan , so we did n't know what to expect . it turns out they have a full vegan vegetarian menu ! the kung pao cauliflower was the star , but we also really enjoyed the waldorf salad and the roast broccoli marrow . service was excellent . our server helped us choose some really tasty cocktails . the place is newly renovated and looks like it gets pretty fun after dinner . overall , very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in late after seeing a show at roy thomson hall so we were limited to ordering off the bar menu . we were n't starving so this was perfect for us . we had the duck confit nachos and the buttermilk fried sweetbreads . both were excellent as was the service and selection of local brews . we could n't decide on a desert choice so we we went `` all in '' and sampled them all , which i did n't regret at all . our server was attentive and happy to share information about our food and beverage options . we will definitely visit again the next time we are in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw all of these great reviews on yelp and decided to give the place a try , but was thoroughly disappointed . the food was just good , not bad , but not great . the portions though were very confusing . they 're too big to be tapas style but too small to be a main for one person , so you 're just left with a very awkward in-between . not to mention , the dishes are priced as if they are mains but leave more to be desired . the service was also just ok. everything from ordering to getting our food was very slow . it is also very loud as our table was right by the speaker . we asked if the music could be turned down but were told that it could n't , and we just had to shout at each other over dinner . in summary , the small portions of food coupled with mediocre service was quite disappointing and very not worth it compared with what we paid . we all left hungry and ended the night at mcdonalds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service - original cuisine . i had the brussels sprout cesar which was really tasty and the kung pao cauliflower which is big enough for a satisfying meal ( for me , at least ) . but most of the dishes are sized so you can share them which is recommended because there are lots of tasty items on the menu . my server and the bartender were attentive , made excellent and thoughtful recommendations ... it 's right across from the scotiabank theater .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so good ! we loved our cocktails , truly delicious food , cozy atmosphere , and the waiters bartenders were super nice and knowledgable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made a quick stop here for a late-night snack and cocktail . tried the kung pao cauliflower and fell in love with it ! what a perfect little plate of food . inventive cocktails , friendly service . the place itself is a little sterile ( in terms of the atmosphere ) , but the hostess made up for it with her warm approach !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "crazy good place . we were a group of 5 and this is neither big nor small place . loved the decor with string lights . the menu was simple & limited but every single thing was delicious . the chef made some special veg things for us . the drinks were great . its not as expensive either . the best part was that the food was farm fresh ! crispy cauliflower and the brussels sprouts were my favourite . i 'd go there anain the next time i 'm in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! best , most artfully prepared meal i 've had in a long time . we had the `` choose for me '' option and it was great . oysters with plum vinegar was a great combo . smoked char and potato salad was exceptional . a salad dressed with a smoked , slow cooked egg was amazing . kung po cauliflower is addictive ! everything about this place was great . comfortable room . friendly service . great beers at reasonable prices . music was pleasant and not overpowering . but it 's the chef that really stands out . everything was inventive , delicious and very satisfying with no gimmicks or need to rely on crazy ingredients . there is a quiet humility and real love of food that shines through in everything here . i will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reservations were easy to make and our table was ready on time . we ordered many dishes and shared them among 4 of us , and were really happy with every dish . overall experience was excellent and am looking forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the limited menu felt stale and the high ratings seem grossly undeserved . we went with a group menu after our server assured us that the kitchen could accommodate any and all food allergies . one member of our party was lactose intolerant - an issue that seemed completely new to both the server and the kitchen . even after a detailed conversation about lactose intolerance - as dishes from the group menu arrived , one after another contained cheese milk cream or sauces were completely omitted . this led to uncomfortable moments , including one course where our friend was told to eat off the far edge of a shared plate . other courses he missed out entirely . drinks did n't come out in a timely manner . no attempt was made by the staff to address major service flaws even after they were brought to the restaurant 's attention . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in earlier today and asked for take out . they stated they do n't usually do take out but will make the exception . all the staff were worried about the food not tasting the same but it tasted amazing ! ! i read about the kung pao cauliflower with previous reviews and made sure to order that . i also ordered the lamb chorizo as my main course . both dishes were delicious and would highly recommend it . i am visiting from vancouver and this has definitely made my must eat list when i come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here on a friday evening ( about 9pm ) , party of 2 , post-dinner for drinks and snacks . it was pretty busy so we were seated at the communal table . there was a live dj playing an awesome mix . the ambiance of the place is dark and music is relatively loud . we ordered cocktails and mine was a bit on the sweet side , i 'll probably try something different next time but my friend enjoyed their drink . we also had the kung pao cauliflower that was surprisingly tasty . who knew ? we really liked it . service is fast and friendly . i 'll definitely be back to try some more of their food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the menu is limited and that can be an issue for finicky eaters . the cauliflower dish is truly amazing as others have mentioned . the local pale ale served on tap is a nice choice . the atmosphere is quaint and nice . the service is attentive and prompt . they do n't take american express cards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "easily my favourite restaurant in toronto ! ! ! i was there on their first night of opening in 2014 and although i have a personal connection with one of the owners , the food has never disappointed . you must try the kung pao cauliflower as it is their signature dish and basically irresistible . have been there probably 10+ times and have never been disappointed . everything on the menu is soooo good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for winterliciois as a date on friday night . comfy and intimate setting , based in a hollowed out town house stretched over all three stories . amazing food and a good assortment of drinks . i have never had so much fun eating squash before . got the flat iron as a main which came back a perfect medium-rare , and date got the gnocchi . the portions are small , yes , but they make each bite count . the cocktails were delightful ; like the food , small but mighty . located just across the street from scotiabank theatre makes this a great place to get away from the crowds after seeing a movie or meeting up with friends for a drink after work and are n't feeling the press of jack astor 's , milestones , etc . great place to spend time with someone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice addition to the entertainment district which suffers from good food options located right across the scotia theatre . most of the items are unique , we tried the kung pao cauliflower which was tasty , the broccoli carpaccio which was tender but not overly flavourful and the chicken liver pate which was as expected . the steak shared between six of us felt expensive , as it tasted fine but would n't recommend . the best thing was the lamb sausage . they had a lamb shank special which was disappointing and hard to share despite the restaurant refering to the menu as best for sharing . service was good . in summary , the food is good , though pricey and menu limited .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to make a yelp account just to give these guys a review because the food was so amazing . we had the $ 45 dollar `` let us cook for you '' tasting menu . everything we had exceeded my expectations . we had 10 different dishes served to us and not a single one disappointed . everything was extremely fresh , and the chef perfectly paired each ingredient . we were told by our server that the tasting menu changes everyday based on what the chef creates each night . the service and ambience were also excellent . we are definitely returning to this little gem in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long night bar hoping , we ended the night at this restaurant . we were seated promptly upstairs and were only here for drinks . upon heading to our table , we had passed by the chef 's table that was located next to the kitchen in its separate room . drinks were same as anywhere else but service was great . the restaurant is hidden and without my friends leading the way , i would not know about this place . definitely will try the food here next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in for a late night drink after having dinner with clients . it may not look like much from the outside but do n't let that fool you . their house cocktails menu is very interesting , and better yet , very enjoyable . i did n't try any of the food so this review is purely based on the cocktails . service was excellent and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves . if you 're in the area , make sure you stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking at the menu , i did n't think see anything that really stood out . but i think what won me over was the execution of their menu . i tried a few things on the menu ( pancakes , quiche , huevos ) and their flavour profile resonated with my palette . everything was executed and presented in a thoughtful manner and flavours were bold and balanced but not overly salty or oily . the restaurant seemed very trendy , understated and not pretentious in any way . that also goes for the service . i did however try their veal tongue eggs benny and really was not a fan , but i think that was more a personal dislike and not something to fault the kitchen . overall i had a good experience and would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go for the kung pao cauliflower . stay for most of the other dishes ; the unpretentious service ; an excellent , offbeat wine list ; and cozy , intimate atmosphere on the 2nd floor ( or hopping bar on the 1st floor ) . do n't be fooled by the location smack in the middle of a bunch of clubs - this is a hidden neighbourhood gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food quality was good but a bit pricy for the portion . i went there for a dinner and drink night . i ordered the cauliflower and octopus . the cauliflower was delicious and i would definitely order it again . but the octopus was a bit disappointing . the portion is so small and it does n't have too much taste . the service was good and it is a very cozy hipsterish environment . i would go back there for drinks with friends but not for dinner . they do n't have too many options on the food menu and too little food for each dish .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here thinking about the kung pao cauliflower but ended up getting the brussel sprouts caesar , which was superb . loved the runny egg yolk that dressed the caramelized sprouts . the beef tongue reuben was so tender and flavorful . unfortunately the bottom piece of bread was completely soggy , but the top was nicely crisp . i sat at the bar and the bartenders took great care of me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to find somewhere in toronto with a tasting menu , and found this little gem . chose the `` let us cook for you '' at $ 45pp and got 5 delicious courses . kung pow cauliflower and the flaming chorizo was a hit , and the beef tar tar melted in your mouth . every item they brought out they explained incredibly well , and the service was top notch . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4.5 5 ! highly recommend the tasting menu ! great oysters , kung pao cauliflower is fabulous and i loved the duck ! you ca n't go wrong with any of their recos ! the chef does a fantastic variation of fish and chips . the only downside was the gin cocktail- it was too sweet for my liking !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger is on my shortlist for best in the city ; nothing fancy , just well-executed and delicious . my friend had the kung pao cauliflower which , to be honest , i wish i 'd ordered instead . he favoured me with a forkful and it was incredible . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a european who has lived in the u.s. for two years . our trip to canada gave us our best dining experience in north america so far ( topping two michelin restaurants in nyc ) . for a mere $ 45 , we got a five-course set menu ( plus fabulous oysters as an appetizer ) , and all courses were outstanding . among the more unexpected dishes were the kung pao cauliflower , which was really tasty . the tartar was to die for . dessert was a nice banana-meringue course with a curiously bubbly strawberry rhubarb cocktail . and do n't miss the cocktail menu ! i had a red wedding . service was impeccable - attentive and knowledgeable , but never too persistent . it did however seem like a surprisingly small number of guests there for a saturday night - probably people are enjoying the patios of other restaurants in the nice august weather . if you are in toronto and want something slightly more expensive and unusual than the ordinary , do go to thoroughbred food & drink , i can not stress this highly enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thoroughbred is a hidden gem - in a little corner : ) a hipster setting with hipster staff - the waiters working the day i visited the restaurant had really cool hair hahaha for drinks : beau 's lug tread lagered ale i 'd recommend : kung pao cauliflower 3.5 5 om nom ! this is so good for appetizers - starts up a good appetite . very tasty and something more on the healthy end before you order the meats . chicken soigne 4.5 5 how 'd they make the chicken so tender ? not dry at all - very juicy . it 's wrapped up chicken breast with white meat on the outside , dark meat in the inside . it 's a combination of organic chicken , foie gras and truffles . the sauce that comes with it is also very delicious.. very filling but worth every meaty bite : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we randomly wanted to try something new and ran into thoroughbred . the food is amazing and i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and delicious food . i 've been here twice recently and had excellent experiences both times . the menu is limited , but everything i tried was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stop what you 're doing and go eat here . now . let the chef pick your food . just trust . seriously , one of the best meals i 've ever had . the oysters were fresh , the tuna had the most amazing texture , i would have cheerfully ordered the chicken liver mousse for 3 courses plus dessert if i could have . only teensy complaint was the drinks were a little small sweet for the price , but hard to complain about that when the food is just so damn good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the dishes we ordered were on point but i found myself slightly disappointed by a few things . the cauliflower lives up to the hype taste wise but i though it would 've been crispy - we received some soft deep fried cauliflower . the brussel sprout caesar salad was very light on the sprouts and was mostly lettuce , but it did come with a poached egg on top which was delicious . we got the chicken soignee main which was foie , wrapped in dark meat , wrapped in white meat . it came with gravy and spinach . it was really quite good but at a $ 79 price point for two people we found it to be ridiculously overpriced and not worth it . the servers are so friendly though and they do take reservations and are able to accommodate larger groups so that is a plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for dinner while on a work trip and enjoyed it . on thursdays they have a `` high five '' menu of small plates . the menu is very small and there was n't anything that caught my eye so i opted to go this route . the oysters were meh . while they were very fresh , they doused them in this sauce that completely overwhelmed the briney flavor . it kind of defeats the purpose of eating an oyster . i also was unimpressed with the chicharron . they tasted like you could have gotten them at the supermarket , but with some cool sauces layered on top . i did love the steak tartare and the kung pao cauliflower . both were delicious and definite highlights of the menu . i suspect they 're more of a cocktail bar than wine or beer . there were only 3 options for red wine by the glass which was very underwhelming . i did enjoy the glass i had , but it would have been nice to have a better selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best kung po cauliflower ever ! staff service from jacob greeting you , jim at the bar , willian waiting us..i will be back again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after dining at a nearby location we were a bit short on having a good time so we looked at yelp and found thoroughbred near by , so away we went . we sat at the bar and asked for suggestions . julian went right at it and steered us towards just what we needed . after trying a couple different cocktails we ordered the chocolate chip cookie for desert , and man were we knocked out . a great little desert . the whole experience left us wanting more so next time we head that direction thoroughbred will be our first stop , not our last .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tl ; dr : i want their recipe book . nuff said . did a random search on yelp for restaurants in the entertainment district and came upon thoroughbred ... located in the oddest of places and totally under the radar . so happy i found it . two of us came for a pre-show meal and went with the chef 's menu of 10 items . our only complaint is we were n't notified that this would imply a 3-hour sitting . we sadly had to downgrade to 8-courses and that was rushed so we could make our show ( which we were late for ) . outside of this hiccup - the experience was great . drinks : revivalists and a whisky based drink and shere khan jello shots . loved them all ! food : everything was great with standouts including the cauliflower , greek salad , cod , and sausage . did i mention the super delicious cookie ? next time : would recommend to anyone and ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a canadian style but featured as its chinese cooking meals . cocktail is good but meals are salty and too much powder .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this little hidden gem ! ! the hipsterish staff are very friendly ! ! the location is super convenient ! ! the menu is quite small with few selections , but everything was spectacular ! ! we ordered the chef 's menu and enjoyed some really interesting dishes : ) my fav : chicken with liver ! ! my absolute fav : peanut butter hot chocolate ! ! ! ! ! a taste of divinity ! ! ! ! must try , no joke ! ! you will not regret it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't overly impressed by this place . the decor was suitable for a small dinner group ( no more than four people ) . the service was pretty good as well . we order the following : brussels sprout caesar smoked egg | brioche | manchego - i could not try this dish due to an allergy , but my dinner companion was quite pleased with it . pork belly spaghetti squash | apple | pickled ginger - this was not bad , i would like to have had it a bit more crispy , but the squash was the highlight in this dish octopus carrots| sumac yogurt | pumpkin seeds - this was just ok - i have had far better in many other places - would not recommend if you order octopus on a regular basis i would n't make a concerted effort to return to thoroughbred any time soon , but at the same time i would n't be upset should i eat there again ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service , tasting menu and sommelier . great place for a date night or a group friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were lucky enough to get the chicken and champagne while on our visit to toronto . it was absolutely yummy and this is coming from a very picky southern girl . i also had the chicken liver mouse and it was divine . i would absolutely recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had dinner at thoroughbred with some friends - decided to try it because of the good reviews and because i walk past it almost daily on my way to and from work . it 's kind of tucked away but we thought it was a gem . the staff are friendly , the service is efficient , the food was really great and they even had a wine special - riesling for $ 6 a glass ! three people had steak and two had the branzino and we all really enjoyed our meals . we also liked the vibe - lots of wood and exposed brick , good music and the noise level was reasonable so we were able to have a conversation - i will definitely return . a really great dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clark bar is not for tourists . this is a gritty , neighborhood bar that is is definitely in the dive category . it 's ripe for being taken over by hipsters who want to once again ironically sip their pbrs . this regulars would promptly kick their asses , of course . i would describe the regulars a little like kurt russell 's character from big trouble in little china .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the clark bar ! scott runs a great bar ! its the last bar in tremont that the gleuten free , vegan , yoga people havnt yuppified . i kind of reminds me of old school south side of cleveland . most of the patrons work for a living and dont have mommy and daddys handouts . sunday breakfast is awesome ( if they have eggs ) ..lol . i always take my friends from out of town here and we end up staying all afternoon drinking with robert and the old black dude noone can understand . i wouldnt have it any other way . i probably should delete this review because next sunday it will be packed.. i wouldnt bring kids and the juke can still be set as loud as a saturday nite . its always a party there ! ! jam out with your clam out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one star off from what i gave its stellar neighbor , the rowley inn , clark bar is still pretty amazing . the bartenders are anything but tender , during the summer they spend more time outside smoking than pouring drinks . i forgive and forget though because the booze is super cheap and the quality of people you meet inside is better than most dive bars . this is a great place for post-cavs game boozing . take note of the paintings of the steelyards that hang above the bar ; a piece of cle history . you see them first hand from the porch which makes you feel like your at a bbq . i ca n't finish before talking about the food ; they have amazing daily specials with huge portions and , like everything else here , its on the cheap . i once started drinking here at ten in the morning while a host of others ate brunch and drank all around me . it was the start of a really good day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best bar in all of cleveland , potentially all of ohio . it is the home to several superheros who labor tirelessly to save cleveland from boring hipsters and yuppies . wedgie-mullet man is the most fearsome of all . he tucks his worn wife-beater into his hiked up armor-all underwear to store massive kinetic energy . his powers include the ability to defeat lameness through his atomic skidmark and his underwear 's ability to leap tall buildings in a single bound.. the other superhero is corpse-man . his powers include the ability to hide from his foes by appearing dead . in fact , even the most observant find it hard to tell ... this is a gem and a icon and must be defended and preserved at all costs . if you have not experienced clark bar you have not experienced anything..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . friendly people . made our first visit to cleveland memorable . will go back . highly recommend for people who love dive bars and how unique each is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd say authentic working class bar , but i am not sure these guys have jobs . this is a real place to go drinking . love the old stools , old bar , browns and steel mill memorabilia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was introduced to clark bar a couple months ago by a good friend , and have been going there since . the owner is friendly and witty with sarcastic humor that makes you smile , and feel at home . the regulars are chatty , the drinks and food are easy on the wallet with great service from the bartenders who rarely let you see the bottom of your glass . touchtunes , keno , clean bathrooms ( women 's anyways ) historical decor and you might even run into a patron or two pictured on the walls !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice , unpretentious dive bar . there 's a decent liquor selection [ high-shelf - grey goose , stoly - multiple flavors ] and low shelf [ e.g . wild turkey , paramount ] . 4 shots [ bailey 's knockoff ; and something else ) only cost $ 11 . their beer selection was a good selection of domestics ( $ 2 for a miller lite ) and a microbrew of the month on draft ( $ 2.50 for a 10-12 oz goblet ) . they have a dart board but bring your own darts . i was pretty surprised to find the bar dead on a friday night . the friendly bartender said that the previous regular friday bartender had scared people off . fortunately , she is no longer with clark bar . i 'll go back there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best little neighborhood bar ... . misty pours great drinks ... everyone knows each other and even if you are n't as regular as they are ... .the feeling of it being welcoming and a tight knot crowd trickles onto you too . prices are unbeatable food is good ... made very very fresh on the spot and more than enough . also ... .great irish coffees for breakfast . scott is always friendly and funny ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i 'm surprised there 's not many reviews on this place . i started eating at green mango when it was just the one fast food joint across the street . it 's a great place for inexpensive bulk thai food ; it 's by far not authentic but it 's still pretty good . i love basil chicken with pad thai . i wo n't give this place anything below 4 stars , since it got me through uni . it was two meals for $ 8 , amazing for a student who could n't cook if her life depended on it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first the positive : very quick delivery , literally 15-20 from the phone call . otherwise : practically inedible food . fried rice was n't fried and had barely cooked shrimp . tamarind veggie dish tasted horrible , like vinegar . mango fresh roll and veggie spring roll were ok , at least fresh . but the sauce was n't great . the coconut chicken mushroom soup was watery with not much flavor . perhaps other things on the menu are better , but we will never eat here again ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i walked in to see if they carried an item that i wasnt too sure they would have , but since i was in the area i thought i would check . there were n't many other customers in the store , maybe 1 or 2 . i walked in and about 4 employees including what appeared to be a manager did not acknowledge me , but instead looked as if they did not want to help . they were surrounding the check out area chatting amongst themselves ... i guess i was interrupting . too bad because i am looking for a nice grill and a tv . i bought my washer , dryer , stove and fridge from hhgregg , but will not step foot in this place again . are n't these guys on commission ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like it . the food was mostly very good , the service was good in a hurried sort of way and the prices are reasonable . we ate on a weekday evening and the place was bustling . in the valley of the sun , z 's greek at 40th and indian school continues to be the standard bearer for this sort of cuisine and phoenicia does not measure up , but they are solid enough that i would return . i would add something clever and greek or middle eastern here but i 've got nothing right now so you 're out of luck . if you like , send me a compliment with something good and i will add it to the review and credit you ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "family owned and run , we simply love this place . mom and daughter run gilbert location and are awesome . great atmosphere for family . food is wonderful . we eat in or take out and it has never disappointed . we have tried the kabob , shwarma , and kafta plates mostly . hummus is solid as well . you can not go wrong here . one of our all time favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hope more people are frequenting this place since i was last there . it 's tucked away in a strip plaza ( shockingly ) ! the interior is cutesy and bright while upbeat music is playing . they have a small outdoor seating area and some booths and tables inside . the food is cooked fresh for you ( so there will be a short wait ) . it is set up like sauce where you order at the cashier area and they bring the food to you . i simply love their gyros ! it 's relatively quick but always fresh and inexpensive !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came back after a long absence and tried some entrees we 've never tried before ( or forgot ) . we then came back the next night . yeah ... it was that good ! first of all ... i 'm not into french fries , never have been ... until i tried their greek fries . holy mother of grease and calories ! they hit my stressed out `` i do n't care about calories '' heart dead center . yummy ! i wish i remembered the names of all we are , but i do n't . i do know we ate til we were stuffed , took home leftovers and cane back a couple days later for more . i 'll post pix ... know it was all good . know also if i 'm not back for awhile it 's because i want greek fries but should not eat greek fries and they were too good to resist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot with great food & nice family owned service this is a tasty little gem of a restaurant . i really like the family that owns it , they were all very friendly the mother and daughters all went out of their way to be legitimately and genuinely nice to all the customers in the building . we got the chicken shawarma and also a plate of beef shawarma . the sauces and the rice and meats were all very exceptional . great flavor out of this family owned gem . the inside as they sleep decorated and clean with a good amount of seating , but i would imagine on a friday or saturday night this place would probably be a little bit packed . is it anyone who follows my reviews knows five stars for me is a pretty huge compliment . so stop by and check this family owned business out and have some delicious food and tell them vladimir sent to you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here numerous times for their sunday buffet . it is so tasty ! everything from pitas , rice , hummus , chicken , gyro meat , salad , lentil soup , tabouli , kalmata olives , and various other rotating dishes are all so good . the regular stuff on the menu seems a little pricey but the buffet is always priced right and very , very good ! the service is great . the cute woman working the weekends is talkative and funny . all of the staff make you feel right at home while you 're eating . their garlic sauce is crazy good , i highly recommend asking for that ! they 'll get you some from the back because they do n't put it on the buffet line . that with the chicken ? ! oh my gosh . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love quality food , you have to check this place out ! my coworker and i stopped for lunch and the food was so fresh and the flavored with there spiced were the best i 've had . the owner was ringing us up and she was so sweet , her daughter was our waitress and she was so nice and polite . i can not wait to get back here in a month just so i can eat here again . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been coming to this spot for at least 10 years . the owners and staff having been nothing but exceptionally nice to us . my kid is pretty picky about food , but he craves the chicken shawarma . it 's not explicitly on the menu , but we always order a basket of shawarma and fries for him , and they have no problem with the special order . the food has always been excellent . i tend to order the chicken kabob plate , but i 've tried the shawarma , the gyro , the vegetarian sampler , the shish kabob , and the kafta kabob . everything has been excellent , but the chicken items really stand out . they offer a buffet , but i tend not to go for that - i watch my calories and i know i will gorge . if you do get the buffet , try the lentil soup and make sure you add a squeeze of fresh lemon juice - it makes the soup come alive ! if you have the space , try the baklava . if not , try it anyway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is good but they need to post the prices for there breakfast buffet beside on the window in the corner . they only have one size drinks for the kids and they do not tell you how much it is . i was thinking i was going to drop 30 for my family but it ended up being over 50.00 . we will go back but we will ask for the menu so we know the prices are . they just expect people to know .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "favorite greek restaurant in the area . wait staff could use a bit of improvement on refilling drinks- it seems they get pretty overwhelmed when busy . i will bypass that though since i really love the food . their falafel is the best- especially served on a pita . gyros and chicken shawarma are super tasty . they have a reasonably priced buffet if you would like to sample a bit of everything . i usually order take-out and the orders are quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "portions shrunk and price doubled . no more value here . eat home it 's much better . they used to give a lot of food for the money . the food is very good but very small portions . i ate two meals and it cost me 40 bucks and i left hungry . baklava is greek style and the gyro is also greek style . phoenicia is supposed to be middle eastern like shawarma and kibbeh . the should change the name to athens grill cause it more greek than arabic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been here 1 time before.. food was awesome ! ! ! this is our 2nd visit and if food is just as good as before , then this could become a regular spot ! i am updating this review , food and staff were just as awesome on this visit as they were on the first visit . i highly recommend a visit to this mediterranean food restaurant . i do not believe you would be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , i 'm stuffed ! just had the gyro plate with rice , salad & hummus . everything was tasty and fresh . service was fast & friendly . two people could share the plate i had . its easily 40 minutes from my san tan home but if i need a mediterranean fix i 'd make the drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! especially the chicken shwarma pita ! ! sylvia is awesome and comes around to talk with everyone , really adding to the customer service . one of my favorite mom and pop shops ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing and sylvia ( i believe to be the owner ) was super friendly , even calling us by our first names . i had the shish combo . it 's definitely enough for two meals , so second half sitting my fridge for tomorrow . the pastacio baklava is delicious with lots of nuts . the place was packed and completely understaffed , so it was understandable that it took some time to pay the bill . i do n't think i 'll have room for dinner . the prices are reasonable considering it really is two meals . i will absolutely be going back in the near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so good ! had the small greek salad with gyro meat and hommus cup for lunch . the dressing on the greek salad is outstanding . better than any other greek restaurants greek dressing by far . they also put beets on their salad , which i love beets . the hommus was very good as well . probably one of my top 2 favorite hommuses ever . my server , whom i am assuming is the owner , is extremely friendly . i do n't live in the area , but will be back for lunch when in the area for work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is awesome and food was wonderful . today was out first time here and it a must stop by . everything is clean and was very comfortable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best gyro sandwich i have found in az in the last 2.5 years of living here . from now on when i want a gyro , phoenicia is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a great dinner . i stopped in to grab a quick bite for my wife and i . the service from start to finish was fast , and very friendly . the food was fantastic . this is one of those restaurants that takes pride in each individual dish that goes out . great stuff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great middle eastern food and very nice people . service has been good every time we have been .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great , relatively cheap and prepared quickly . i was n't extremely hungry so i ordered the hummus topped with gyro . man ! i could n't have ordered anything better . the hummus was extremely fresh tasting and the gyro was very tender . i would order this dish over and over again . served with their really good pita bread , it was a perfect meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! this was an amazing meal for just a random stop before a movie . i 've lived near here for a few years and always had it on my list of places to try but no one else i was with was ever into it . tonight i was alone so i dropped by . the servers are friendly and helpful to an unusual degree ( and easy on the eyes too ) . i had the gyros plate with hummus and tabouli . tabouli can be hit or miss for me and this is a definite hit . so good and not to much of any one thing . seriously the best mediterranean place i 've ever eaten at , and again , the service was impressive . i 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is literally as good as it gets . service has always been superior , very friendly family owned business . the food is even better . i have never been disappointed here . the hummus is so tasty and i could just eat an entire meal of it . of course , i wanted dessert first . they make homemade baklava there . just give me that any day or night and i will take it . it is melt in your mouth awesome ! ! ! ! ! or maybe i should say it 's bad so i can eat it all ? ? ? nah , i will be fair and just say get it while you can ! ! ! we have tried a few different entrees and have never been disappointed in anything we have tried . my favorite is still the gyros . ( with baklava for dessert ) ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looked promising clean however on ordering the dolmades appetizer got the canned version . quite disappointing . next time i 'll try their fresh cooked food", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sylvia and the entire staff are truly awesome . we feel like family when we eat here , the portions are generous , the food is amazing . having spent part of my teenage years in the mediterranean , i can say with certainty the food is authentic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i started going to their original location in tempe , and let me tell you - they lost nothing by expanding . if you like middle eastern food , this is a great place to try out - with more of a fast food then full on dining experience . get the greek fries - awesome fries covered in feta and taziki sauce ! one order is plenty to share with at least 2 people , i have yet to finish an order when i get other food . the pitas and gyros are great , the lamb is always seasoned perfectly . one of my favorite places to go for an amazing meal that does n't take an hour !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to eat here in az . the food is always amazingly delicious and the staff are always super friendly ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten gyros all over the western us . since moving to gilbert in 2011 , i have tried gyros from different mediterranean restaurants all over phoenix . i now only will get gyros from phoenicia . sylvia and her staff are second to none . they always treat me like family when we come in . the size of the gyros here is mind-blowing . i do n't know if it 's even possible for them to fit double meat in the pita , you wo n't need double meat anyways you will not leave here hungry , and you will absolutely leave here happy . we always get gyros , greek fries , and baklava . i 've never once been dissatisfied . they even know my name when i come in . if you enjoy mediterranean food and have never been here before , it 'll be worth your time to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casual diner . ventilation was not great and you could feel the cooking nearby . the food of hummus deluxe with lamb ; the hummus lacked texture ( very thin ) and seasoning . the lamb was tasty , but over cooked . the dolmades needed something to offset plain rice inside . service was good . thanks for reading . the bike chaplain", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is awesome ! everything is so good . i love it.. the owner is truly one of the nicest people i have met and her staff are so attentive . they leave us feeling like family . if you have the time to stop by , do n't hesitate ... you 'll surely like the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought it was greek food , it was n't , i did n't like it . not many people there at lunch time just two tables i should of known that it was n't that good . however they were nice people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of our favorite gyro places ever ! ! consistently delicious every time we have gone . just note it is not a fancy place , although you can dine in , it is very casual and family run ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . agree with other reviewers . one of the best little med grills in the east valley . try their lunch buffet -- amazing choices for very fair price . several great deserts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was super yummy and the staff was great ! ! my only negative was that there was n't much hummus in our entree order . now that i know , i will definitly be ordering an extra side of it . my kids were fighting over it ! ! ! great spot , we will definitely be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious food . gyro was legit . meat was moist and they gave huge portions . definitely plan on coming back . great place to go to get your mediterranean fix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good but not great . i have grown up eating authentic mediterranean food so when i found this place so close to home i was excited . the restaurant itself has a good environment . the service was very exceptional and the food was good . i found the hummus to be bland as with the rice . the chicken schwarma and gyro meat was very good . the standout of our dining experience was the waitress who was very attentive and knowledgeable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll be honest that i only get one thing here , and that 's a large order of their original hummus with an extra side of pita . it 's so good that a friend who recently got back from israel told me that it tastes as good if not better than their traditional hummus overseas . i 'm drooling just thinking about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we eat here all the time . the food is great . better than pita jungle . the hummus and baba ghanoosh ( sp . ) is the best i have had in the valley . the restaurant is fairly small though ( not conducive to a large party ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a somewhat fast-food style greek and mediterranean restaurant , but the food quality is top-notch . we 've been coming here for years and find the food quality is very consistent , always great , and the portions are very generous . entree prices range from $ 7 to $ 11 , with the $ 11 meals containing multiple meats and sides . one particular dish , the chicken shawarma , is impressive in how tasty the chicken is . the combo platter offers up a very nicely spiced beef option . the rice is exceptional here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been dying to try this place with my friend who goes here all the time . finally ! i 've been to quite a few greek restaurants around this area and this by far is the best . mom and pop run business , the owner was super friendly . i ordered the gyro platter with a choice of 2 sides which i choose the salad and tabouli . my platter was excellent , the portions were huge and juicy , omg soooo good . my only complaint is that the pitta could be more generous enough and softer . i tried their famous greek fries with ranch and feta , very very tasty , but personally just not a fan of all that stuff on my fries , but they were good ! service excellent , food very good , cost is a little more but worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was fantastic , the chicken schwarma was exactly what i wanted and an awesome price for the combo . the hummus is also great , and the greek fries are a must try . service was equally great , our server was informative and prompt . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the lunch buffet , but as one of euro descent , the cabbage rolls and other dishes did not live up to expectations . i consider myself to be somewhat of a baklava aficionado , and would say it is not nearly as good as the baklava at chicago 's number one gyro over in apache junction . it is a quaint restaurant , but you may be better off ordering a gyro to-go . a big positive for the place is that they have good service and friendly workers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here a lot and consider myself to be a specialist in gyros . this place has the best ! there little more money but well worth it and dont have that cardboard taste most places do . i just had another place and i wont be back . they will be my sole source . me and the wife love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing greek food . we had the chicken shawarma , gyro , and red pepper hummus . all very good and large portions . the staff is great , very attentive and personable . i would recommend to anyone who likes good food and friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this place for the 1st time today . i got the gyro sandwich . the meat was dry , bland , and old . i had wanted to get the kabob sandwich but they kept saying how long it would take . it comes with lettuce , tomato , and onion with tzatiki sauce . the lettuce was shredded and literally every single piece was wilted and brown . there was no onion and the tzatiki was actually ranch dressing . they serve better gyros at the food court in the mall . i was starving when i went . i could n't even bring myself to have more than a few bites . so now i 'm going to eat a snickers out of the vending machine in the break room at work . what a waste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is spot on and i can not say enough about how their service is above and beyond the call of duty ! sylvia ( the owner ) remembers my name and food order . she is extremely genuine and warm . checks up to see how everything is going and always makes small talk with me when she has a minute . ryan is a product of sylvia and brings the same level of service . he is always smiling , enthusiastic and energetic . very genuine as well , remembers my name and goes out of his way to make conversation . i am a customer for life ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for father 's day dinner . i order the chicken shawarma entree with rice and hummus as my sides . i got garlic sauce with my meal but asked for a side of taziki sauce as well . the food was delicious ! the service was amazing ! the place is a small cute area but the food was so well presented that it made it seem way better ! one of the people with us is vegan , one gluten free , and one vegetarian so going to a greek restaurant was a perfect fit for all of us . the waiter was very accommodating to everyone 's needs . they did it with a smile as well . i was very pleased with my experience here ! i would definitely go back . i will recommend it to other people without a doubt as well ! very happy about my very radiantly pleasant experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got the chicken shawarma plate with rice and hommus ... .so flavorful and well prepared ! will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , super sweet lady ( owner ) . ordered hummus , gyros and beef shawarma , possibly the best in town ! ! ! ! ! ! ! go here ... ... ..now ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite restaurants when i want greek mediterranean . expansive menu , big portions . i 've had other things on the menu , but i usually stick with the shawarma combo , gyro meat and chicken shawarma , which comes with 2 sides . quality has been consistently excellent . hummus is good ; as a seperate dish , the falafel is very good . and yes , the garlic sauce is awesome and i always ask for an extra . only issue is since i 've been going here for the past several years it seems like the portions have started to go down a little , and price go up a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time eating here last night . food was very good got the big combo plate . they were busy and the service was a bit slow but they made up for that with how friendly and nice everyone was . will def be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat . i 'm greek nice quite the same as yia yia 's food but still great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its really hard finding a restaurant that is n't afraid to use garlic ! their garlic sauce is delicious and i 'm comparing it to arabic food central from dearborn , mi ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just ok. over the past few years it seems like the quality of their food has gone downhill ... hopefully they can turn things around , i use to love their food !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my personal favorite gyro spot in arizona for the past few years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i were visiting from out of town and were on a time constraint . i called in and asked if we could order ahead . the individual on the phone said it was not possible and that we had to order when we got there or order to go . i thought to myself i could order to go and if there was seating when we arrived , we could just eat there . when we arrived there was definitely enough seating , but the manager very rudely told us we could not eat the food there . we did not require any service , but offered to tip as usual . my wife is pregnant and we just needed a place to sit and eat their food for a few minutes . the lady , who i believe is the manager , was very short with me and pretty much told me to take the food and get out . i understand that the restaurant has certain regulations they try to follow , but as a business owner , i know there has to be an attempt to accomodate customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the inside of the restaurant is beautifully designed with really attractive decor . however , the food was just not good . my husband and i are middle eastern , so we are very familiar with arabic food . my chicken shawarma was tough , the garlic sauce was sweet for some reason , and the hummus was a watery consistency and did n't taste of chickpeas at all - it had to have been diluted with oil as a cost saving measure to get that watery and tasteless . sorry , it was four thumbs down from us , $ 36 later . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have the best hummas in the world ! get extra pita to go with it . we usually call in & get get take out . we love the gyro plate & greek salad and one order is plenty for two . the baklava is house made and wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have eaten here a couple times now and both times were so good ! we tried many dishes as to sample a little of everything . greek fries are amazing so was the lebne ( hope i spelled that right ) . silvia makes the experience so worth it . will definitely return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place and do n't make it due to location nearly enough . from delicious shawarma with loads of garlic sauce ( oh yeah , i smell but i 'm happy ) to gyros . my favorite is the homemade baklava .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! ! ! my wife and i have had multiple dishes and all have been great . customer service is always on point . the owner is always making time to ensure everything is fine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food al the time ! ! love this place . always great service . fresh food never ever disappoint no matter what day it is ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i need more hummas ! ! ! we usually do take out at phoenicia grill . the food blows my mind . we love the chicken shawarma and the gyro plate . the greek fries rock my world . the baklava is sweet . the greek salad is great . the service is hit and miss . my fiance goes here a lot so he had made friends with the staff . we ca n't not complain about service since we have always had great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places to eat in gilbert ! all of the food is freaking amazing ! the hummus and gyro is the best i 've had anywhere . i always feel welcomed and taken care of every time i have been here . i love to bring others to enjoy this place and it is the one place i come to have a date lunch with myself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i eat at phoenicia grill at least twice a month . if it were not for the fact we live in fountain hills , we would choose to eat here more often . first of all , as we walk in the door you are always greeted by the friendly owner . she never forgets your face and always lets you know how much she appreciates your business and that you enjoy her food . the meals are consistently fresh and delicious . the food presentation is picture perfect . we love their chicken shawarma , tabouleh , hummus and our favorite , garlic sauce . make sure you order the greek fries , they will knock your socks off ! out of this world fries ! ! you have to try this cute little place . i know you will enjoy it as much as we do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! silvia is the owner is is almost always there to make sure your food and your service is great . the chicken shwarma , gyro combo plate and the sampler are all amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice people . they also helped me use a coupon they ha online to help bring the cost down . i needed some help in framing fast for a wedding gift and they came though . i am definitely a repeat customer", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a jobsite photo framed to give to a customer , we were looking for a nice , professional look that could be hung up in a modern , classy office space . i decided to give tgfu a try , since it 's nearby , and i 'm glad i did , they did a great job and my staff is extremely happy with the quality . you will wait a little when you go in if there are other people being served , so bring your patience . prices are a little high but like i say , you get what you pay for , i 'd rather pay more and get something of high quality . we 'll be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store and the owners are very helpful and kind people , but the price is rather insane . first of all , be prepared to wait 30+ mins to get taken care of . if one person is in front of you , you are going to waiting forrrrrever . it is a consequence of the good service though and not about being ignored . they have such a plethora of options for anything and everything that you want framed or cased . everything . just be ready to wait , be rich , and you should be allll good . enjoy ! ian m .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always top notch customer service . they aim to please and are committed to the customer always being satisfied . good prices and fair values . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got off the phone with a very rude receptionist named gina . i asked her what time they were open until today and she said 5:30pm when yelp says 6:00p . i went ahead and asked her about the mistake on yelp and she responded that actually 5:30p is when they had their last available appointment time . i told her i wanted to book it for 5:30p and she then abruptly rushed me off of the phone and told me there were no appointments available . maybe hire another receptionist to be representing your business ? that was absolutely awful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first time ever getting a tarot reading so i had low expectations . i happened to be in the area with my fianc\u00e9 and wanted to check this place out for a while now ( which this lady mentioned in my reading ... go figure ! ) but never really got to it..i was pretty nervous a few months back ( idky ) so my fianc\u00e9 and i have been holding it off . however , despite the cliches of psychics , it was a very comforting feeling and she made me feel at ease . we both had our own individual 15 minute session , and we both came out shocked on how spot on she was . yeah there was a bit general stuff , but nothing that i found myself disagreeing with . but when i say spot on..i mean it ! and that goes for both of our readings..long story short , it is definitely worth a try and nothing to lose !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in ... .and we were able to get a reading right away . my boyfriend did a tarot card reading and everything seemed to be very accurate . i did a palm reading . i loved it . a few great things i did n't know were revealed and others were confirmed that i have been working on . i highly recommend this place . i have searched a lot over vegas . i 'll definetly be going back in the future ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a tarot card reading with the mother i 'm pretty sure . she brought up an issue in my life and was dead on about it within the first minute and thats when i knew that this was legit . she tells you what you need to know even if it might not be what you want to hear . i had questions ready but by then end of my reading when it was time for questions , all of my questions were pretty much answered ! it was well worth the money and 15 minutes seems way longer but next time i think i want to do the combo of 2 for $ 40 . i left feeling enlightened and excited for the future ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lady gave me a reading for 5 min then started to pressure me , to buy candels and have reading from her", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little more then disappointment . i double checked the hours online and on facebook before driving almost 40 mins to find out they were not open . ( hours were 12:30-6 today ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i too felt very comfortable here . she was so kind and more than willing to answer questions . also , i too believe she 's legit , for any question i was answered on point as well as she saw things - like my stress and insomnia- as well as saw the trip i was planning ! i ca n't wait to visit lv to see her again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a reading with jasmine who was awesome ! she confirmed for me a few things i needed to hear which in turn left me feeling more at peace . i will definitely be contacting her again when needing guidance and would recommend her to anyone needing tbe same . their rates are very reasonable and so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bow wow grooming made my dog look the best he has ever looked ! ! i was so impressed and you can not beat the convenience of them coming to your house . my dog not only looked beautiful but smelled like a million dollars . we would definitely recommend them to anyone in the pittsburgh area . thank you so much shauna , it was a great experience for me and lu lu ! lindsey", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an appointment 7 8 at 11a . certified groomer brittany came in described the service to me and got to work . she was absolutely amazing . my akita was shedding ridiculously ! ! ! brittany brought him back looking and smelling wonderful . she took her time with him which i really appreciated . i am scheduling my next appointment asap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have two melloe shelties , and a shih tzu with an almost psychotic fear of being groomed . shauna handled them all with ease . the dogs look good , and even the shih tzu was happy . they 're adding a second grooming vehicle , which should make scheduling easier . shauna truly loves working with dogs , and it shows . one of the few totally unqualified recommendations i can give .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having some not so good experiences with groomers , i tried bow wow . what an awesome service ! shauna was so good with my scotties and they were groomed perfectly . we have already set up our next 2 appointments ! love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for much of my 30+ year career as a health and safety professional , i have worked in a petrochemical facility whose hourly workers were represented by a union . and whether they are part of usw or previously pace , they are always the oil , chemical , and atomic workers ( ocaw ) to me . as a member of `` management '' and considering the type of work i do , my relationship with my union colleagues can be complicated , sometimes spirited , and often satisfying . as a result , i firmly believe that without the union , my plants would be a much more dangerous place to work . i also know that some things like my health insurance , safe working conditions , and other benefits that i sometimes take for granted were first won at the bargaining table . this is `` trickle down '' economics of the best kind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "intelligent people , diverse crowd , rewarding community . i love being a part of local 3657 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had one of my cars in the body shop and needed a rental car for the week while it was getting repaired . enterprise has a location on-site at the repair shop to deliver drop off a car . since i made an appointment in advance , i got the car that i wanted ... .a full-size car . the process was very easy and convenient . i chose the pre-paid full tank option because it was much cheaper than the going price for gas ... nice benefit . i hope i do n't have another accident that i would need the services of this location . however , if i do , i will gladly use them again . return factor - 75 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've rented cars all over the us and canada . by far and away , enterprise shows this ability to care about their customer standing in front of them and wants their repeat business . nic at enterprise is the best and they go the extra distance to make sure you 're happy and come back ! i know i 'm repeating myself , but why can not the rest of the rental car industry think like enterprise ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "look out ... ..you can make a reservation with enterprise , have it confirmed ( complete with `` confirmation # '' ) and then show up at this location and guess what ... .no cars ... not one single car available . then why did you take my reservation and confirm it . so , if you are looking for a reliable rental car company , one that will have your `` reserved car '' when you get there , you better think twice before you rent with disaster-prise .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible place to live . the people in the office never answer thier phone or address issues in the apartment . they charge for every little thing ! ! very money hungry , if you have money to blow this is the place for you . management and maintenance suck ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . very unorganized ! ! i applied a month ago and never heard anything after i called twice . i called again and the lady acted as if she did n't remember me . unfortunately they 're the only ones who except large dogs for a reasonable price but i 'm willing to take my chances else where ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is interesting when i see reviews . i am a resident and have been for a few years . management tries hard that i can see to keep the place maintained but after seeing the behavior of some residents it has to be difficult . i 'm sure most of these comments are from people who were asked to leave for one reason or another and are mad so they write bad things . again , i have been here 3 years . yes , i might have a maintenance issue , but it is fixed timely . i have a pet and i clean up after it , but most do n't . if i drop something , i pick it up . this is your home too , you should take care of it and not assume its someone else 's responsibility to pick up after you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great for tourists , very personable staff , got me in and out with exactly what i needed for less than i expected . would recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service , low prices , interesting inventory : worth a look ! my husband wanted somewhere with reasonable prices without getting caught in the tourist trap that is the strip . the location is good , being right next to the stratosphere but still not right on the strip so you do n't get hit with the tourist prices and congestion , as vegas locals , these are of dire importance . he came out exclaiming about the customer service and how the cashier made recommendations and gave demonstrations on the durability of some of their products . he told me of how they 're working on contracts with other local businesses , so i 'm excited to see how it goes . should be fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time buying a vape pen and i got ta admit i was confused but the girl that works there helped me out so much ... she asked me questions about what i wanted , she showed me a cheap pen then an expensive pen and then she let me try out the flavors for the pens , there prices are not that high like they are in cali but anyways good customer service and they have a lot of stuff , would defitnely come back to this shop when we visit vegas again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the other not-so-positive review here ! the food used to be much better . now , there is new management and they are beyond cheap ! ! ! i saw the lady behind the counter pick up pickles with her glove-less hands and put them in a container ! can you say `` hepatitis '' anyone ? also , the same lady yelled at a boy for daring to take a napkin . he told her he was a daily customer and she just glared at him ! are the napkins coming out of her paycheque ? really disgusting and gross place ! will never go back . avoid ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went today to get the noodles and beef special . the noodles were stale , like they sat there for days , the meat was tough . the person that served me used her bare hands to put some peppers on the meat , i told her no peppers please ! ! ! i think the management changed and the food got much worse . also i took a fork and the cashier said that i already gave you one . no tact , bad and not clean !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "attn to those two awful reviews before , it 's under new ownership now ! katie was so helpful showing me everything i needed to know about these beautiful rentals . they are affordable and so close to the airport ( and the cars are like brand new ) . i would n't go anywhere else to rent a car while in town ever again ! thank you steffan and katie for being so kinda and helpful and turning this place around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the review from cody . beware of this establishment . tom donly is the manager . he is a liar and a thief . he purchased an ad from me , then disputed it and said he did not advertise , it was not him . i have the recordings it was his rude , blunt , lying voice . do not trust him or this establishment ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i rented a car from best way and i was shocked to see a brand new convertible that i was allowed to rent for cash . the car was perfect and everyone in the office was nice to me . they were cheaper than any other rental car company i could find and they even gave me a water while i waited for my car . every car they had was brand new unlike a lot of these other rental company 's i 've seen that charge more for used cars . i will definitely be coming back again to take advantage of the rewards program i signed up for and my over all experience with them was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place literally does have the best prices in town . i found myself in a grind and needed a rental car for a month and needed one quick . all the major rental companies cost over a thousand and some were almost two thousand . steffan and jack got me in a car that day for half the price of anyone else . i 've had zero issues throughout the month . nice brand new cars too , great variety . i highly recommend best way to anyone looking for a rental car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go , but if you do , do n't talk to john or tom ! i recall the manager 's name being john , but when i asked again he said it was tom ... i have had multiple touch points with this gentlemen who was rude and abrupt over the phone and in person . i 'll never forget these words `` i rented you a car ... you did n't sell me your life ! '' those words came from the best way auto car & truck rental establishment which apparently does n't care about customer best interest . this was a response after i inquired as to why i received a dirty vehicle with a half empty tank of gas only after being told that my reservation was lost and the vehicle i placed to rent was not available . the salesman lied throughout the conversation regarding my reservation and provided terrible customer service . my advice is ... go elsewhere and avoid the lies and poor attitude and service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in las vegas for a business trip and had gto rent a car so i got a 2016 passat . very clean nice car and a great company for car rentals ... easy friendly and good quality ! im a very satified costumer and thank god they have new owners : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just left and could n't be more disappointed ! i was charged $ 40.00'for a wash and blow dry and my hair looks horrible . amanda was definitely not interested when i tried to engage her in conversation . at the end when she finally turned me around to see myself in the mirror i voiced my dissatisfaction and she did n't care . i had to come home and re-do it myself . a complete waste of $ 40.00 . you should think twice before you go there . i certainly will never go there again . p.s . if i could give no stars i would have", "score": "1"}
{"review": "left there wandering who smelled like a stripper , then realized it was me . the lady had something in the water bottle she sprayed my hair with that made me smell like i had been rubbing up on strippers all day . then when i got home and showered and looked at my hair i noticed one side was faded a full inch higher than the other . since i wear my hair short my only option is to shave my head or go until the next hair cut with a terrible lopsided hair cut . first and last time in this great clips . i normally go to the location on elliot and alma school but stopped at this one just because i was in the area , never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick fix , good prices . not the brightest light bulbs in the pack ( making me visit with return trips to finish one small project ) but all in all i know what and where to find what i need .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by today to get a few things and when i was walking through the garden section i saw a baby bunny ! ! the girl working there said they have a bunch of them living there and that the bunny 's are happy as can be ... crazy , but pretty cool ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am handy around the house - but like most things , a little knowledge is a dangerous thing . this home depot is close to home , so i frequent it quite often . it is a typical home depot , but what i really like about it is that there are knowledgeable people that work there that will tell me when i am out to lunch . sometimes ( well most of the times ) i need a little direction , and they are always most helpful . i think on some of the items , their inventory is a little sparse , compared to lowe 's . but the people seem much friendlier , and much more willing to help . even the customers , if i am looking somewhat perplexed , will make suggestions . ca n't beat that ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "same chain hardware store same boring story . the employees here are super helpful and friendly however , it took an hour and a half to get an item off the top shelf . then i find out that it 's a display model and they only offer 10 % off . checked out and then found out that they charged me more than it was originally advertised for . got that fixed than 2 hours later we were on our way out of the store . not my favorite way to spend two hours of my day so hopefully home depot figures out how to have their merchandise easily obtainable because i 'm sure other people wo n't be as patient as i was . especially in the neighborhood ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just for the record , it has been almost 30 days since home depot publicly said they would `` look into it '' . not a peep . i have since out of habit pulled into the parking lot twice and once even got almost to the door before i realized what i was doing . i got back in the car and went to ace hardware once and to lowes the other time . not a lot of money about $ 100 . bathroom cabinet , sink , counter top , toilet etc . in september . just not from home depot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "home depot usually rocks . i feel a personal responsibility to report my experience at this location . went to purchase some boxes and a dolly for a move i have coming up . boxes- check . dolly-check ... wait a second ! why is this thing wobbly and hard to pull ? ? oh , because there is a hole in the tire i could fit my fist into ! this was probably due to the fact that home depot accepted a return from a customer that used or abused this dolly . either reject this person from making the return or take your losses and demote this thing to be used on the floor . do not try to resell it as new ? ! ? i posted a picture of this dolly , fyi , in case you ca n't believe what i 'm saying . just a little advice , from now on i will be making sure my merchandise is new when shopping at this home depot and probably the other ones as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i dropped in this location to pick up a few things for the house . i was assisted by keith , who did a great job walking me around to the various areas to find what i need . he deserves to be recognized for his great customer service . he also had a genuine attitude and smile ... .even my wife commented that he went over the top for us and we were only picking up a few small items . it was n't like we were spending big bucks this visit . return factor - 90 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over labor day weekend i went to home depot looking to start a remodel on my kitchen . i needed to start with a new refrigerator , stove and microwave . my last experience with sears made me promise myself i would never buy another thing from them . well ... i had a fantastic experience at the mt . view location in scottsdale , wes , our salesman made good points on the items i was looking at . no pressure , and he took a lot of time with me . great experience and when the delivery was made , the men that delivered were good , setting everything up . home depot you have my business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! god forbid any of the folks paid to assist customers here actually assist customers ! i could stand back here at the flooring and blinds counter for days and probably not see one associate who wants to help set up an appointment for getting estimates on shutters . the sad part is this is the third time we 've had to come to this location and we experienced the same lack of service . plenty of employees seem to be walking around talking amongst themselves or avoiding eye contact with customers . pathetic for a saturday afternoon in scottsdale .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can sometime do it and home depot can sometime help . this is a hit or miss kind of place . on days when i 'm lucky , someone is walking the ailses who actually know where things are and will even answer all my very basic questions on simple dyi repairs . on other days , they 're even more clueless than i am .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have you ever been to a store where everyone is so friendly and helpful that it kind of freaks you out ? i have probably been to more different home depots than most people so i have a pretty good handle on what the typical home depot is like . as far as merchandise , layout and cleanliness is concerned this location is a little above average . where it goes really over the top is in it 's customer service . i have been here on three different occasions ; once solo and twice with my husband and on all three occasions every employee went above and beyond to greet us and ask if they can be of assistance . maybe i am cynical and jaded but after the 4th or 5th employee approaches us and is super friendly i start looking around for a hidden camera . this home depot might want to dial it down a notch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "continue to be horrible . now i ordered carpet , they input the wrong one , when i communicate this they tell me the carpet i ordered 12 24 is no longer carried ! this store is a train wreck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible experience tonight . i went it looking for a railing for my stairs . i asked 3 different associates that i had to search long and hard to find and not one directed me to the correct location . i was sent to 3 different locations and never found what we were looking for . i even told the last associate that i had searched every aisle and he told me that i mist have missed it because its there . no way would he show me where it was . we walked around for 27 minutes just looking for a railing which when i asked associates they seemed to have no idea what i was talking about . abosolulty horrible . i went to lowe 's right after was directed right to them and then an associate came right over and cut it to size . ca n't believe the difference in customer service . i 'll be a lowe 's customer from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to thank jeff in the plumbing department for one of the best home depot visits i have had . i am a professional plumber and was in a hurry and jeff got me the items i needed quickly and efficiently and with courtesy . thanks again jeff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a security door from home depot at this location . the installer put it in perfectly , but it had scratches . what i realize now is i should have had him take it away and return with an unblemished one . i agreed instead to get touch up paint from home depot to cover up the blemishes . first i had to fight to get the paint for free , which was ridiculous . then i had to return to get the paint , and it was the wrong color when i tried it on the door . i returned that and asked that they get the right paint . that finally arrived and it is supposed to match ( it is the 'right ' color ) but does n't quite . so now after several trips and hours of my own extra time i have some off-color splotches on what should be a perfectly uniform new door that cost $ 700 . moral of the story : if you order something from hd and it is n't perfect when it arrives , get it replaced rather than try to fix it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "jeff and mark thank you for resolving my lemon toilet issue without any questions asked or giving me some number to call . today was customer service at its best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "need cool hardware for your newly remodeled bathroom ? in the mood for some diy instructional classes ? got a troublesome case of fire ants in your laundry room ? how about some annoying crab grass taking over your luscious lawn ? home depot is the place you should be ! i do have some bias here , as i believe their prices are more reasonable than lowe 's ( competitor ) . after all , this was one of the first credit cards i opened after i got hitched in late 2002 . we 're divorced now , but i 'm still a loyal hd fan and have never lost the loving feeling . plus , the smell ( think sawdust , packaging , fresh soil , and the lightest scent of pesticide ) is heavenly in their stores . wait ... is that wierd ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our go-to big box hardware store on occasions when the independents do n't have what we need . knowledgeable , helpful individuals in all departments is my experience . however , i now want to give sincere accolades to this store 's delivery guy who has dropped product off at our home in an accommodating manner twice in the last few weeks . ( delivery price is a real bargain at the depot , by the way . ) he followed specific drop-off instructions , called enroute to our delivery ( and was friendly and professional ) -- and get this -- sent us a photo of delivered items to show us he had placed them at requested location at our home . my husband has been rooting around in his paperwork for 10 minutes thus far just to locate the receipt with this guy 's name ( and we work full time ) . he did n't find it . anyway , thanks whoever you are . update : husband found paperwork some weeks later . thank you drew .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go to this depot too all the time because it is right across the street from work . so when i 'm done with my paying job , i drive across the street and can pick up stuff for my non-paying job . pretty standard depot ... .unless you vigorously hunt someone down for help , you ai n't gettin any .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is something about the smell of fresh paint and woodchips that makes you feel like a man . which , may not be good , if , for example , you 're not , but for me , it 's pretty satisfying . sure , it 's hard to find . . . everything inside , but that 's half the fun . you can almost use home depot as a barometer for testosterone based on how quickly a dude can find something inside . regulars will know random info , like `` oh , ceiling fans ? that 's on the west side of the store , near aisles 13 and 14 . '' keep in mind these are guys that do n't work there , they just are regulars , like in the cheers kind of way . truth be told , i 'm not the handiest around . i 'll tell you what though , after spending a while and finding the right part or piece to make some otherwise expensive repair is pretty goddamn satisfying , i do n't care who you are .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ricky joe ! outstanding customer service ! the entire staff was so helpful and kind . i work in customer service so i appreciate when i get treated good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "home depot . yick . first of all , the place is huge and you can never find anyone to help you locate a product . i 've walked up and down the aisles many a time without ever being able to find someone to answer my question . i also do n't like the sawdust smell of the place . granted , i 'm not a home fixer upper , but i will go every now and then when i have to . i just do n't enjoy going . if the item i can get is also sold at target , i go there because the people are friendlier , you can get starbucks while you shop and it will probably be cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoy going to this hd . recently bought a home and have so many questions . everyone in this hd is very easy going and down to earth . some people might find their attitude toward each other rude but i find it humorous . it makes a work day go by faster and i do n't take offense to it . so far every employee i 've encountered has been helpful and if not knowledgable about a certain product will find someone who is . i would like to say ron in mill works is very knowledgable when helping me choose the right window . and kevin a supervisor has continued to provide excellent service . i will continue my journey of house renovation with the help of this hd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great prices , always helpful people . as i get older this store is my new best buy . sometimes i 'll just walk up and down the aisles looking at all the cool tools i do n't have but one day hope to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has been my go-to store for quite some time . not anymore . i tried to purchase a washer dryer set today , 9 6 15 . i did my research and waited for sale . we went to store knowing they would be busy . not only were they busy , but while we waited , the associate did n't even acknowledge us . we went to customer service counter to order but they would n't honor the online price . they sent us back to appliance associate who , again , did n't even nod to us . i walked out and purchased from best buy . they honored the price and have the same free delivery and set up . i guess i 'll have to start to go to use lowes now . bummer", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hate to keep ragging on this place but how else will they know what needs to be fixed . first , i now go here only when i have to . in this case it was to buy several cases of a flooring for our bathroom that we had seen on display a couple of weeks earlier . after finally hunting down assistance , he told me the flooring was n't in stock because it was `` out of season '' . out of season ? really ? flooring is seasonal ? ! ? ! while asking him to check other hd 's , he took a phone call on his mobile phone and turned his back on me to talk . after walking up and down the isle to chat , he came back to tell me it was n't available in any of their stores . as of 3 weeks later , the `` out of season '' tile is still on display but no matter , we bought from another store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "carl n in flooring helped me recently pick out flooring for my new condo . he was so incredibly helpful and thorough every step of the way . he helped me to make sure i got the best price . thank you for all your help carl . i would recommend flooring from home depot to anyone . i love my maui white washed oak !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service from the moment you walk in and are greater at the door and asked if they can direct to a department . all locations seem to have a number of team members willing to help in any department , and if they ca n't , they 'll find someone that can . very happy experience each time i go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible ! stay away ! ! ! just spent $ 20,000 on ge appliances and thomasville cabinets from home depot in north scottsdale ( shea and pima ) . they outsource a company called barlow for their appliance delivery and long story short , the single worst experience i have ever had . first half of the thomasville cabinets were warped and had to be returned only to have the re-orderd ones come back damaged . finally after months of issues we are almost there . so many issues and i will tell you home depot , besides the reviews you will receive from me and my network , you will never see me in your stores again and i highly suggest everyone who reads this to not order appliances or cabinets from home depot . i will never step foot in their stores and will actually be filing a lawsuit against them . beyond ridiculous . so bad , words do not explain . if i am ge and home depot and thomasville i would be ashamed and embarrassed to attach my name to each other .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! do not use them for flooring installation . quick ship is not quick , tough to get though to them and the process just goes in circles ! ! ! if you order from this location you will more then likely be miserable", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to this store looking for icicle lights with green wires that my other home depot did n't have . well , this store did n't have them either , sadface , but i did notice it looked less cluttered and a little more organized . staff was friendly and offered helped . i did n't browse as i was on a mission for lights , but i would come back here again if i needed anything that my closer home depot did n't have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly employees and great selection of materials . prices could be lower but overall easy in and out shopping !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you hd for helping me make my shower safe for my elderly mother . larry zack 's was so helpful to us in discussing the grab bars and bath mats that would meet our needs . hd tries harder !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the worst places to get customer service . a horrible experience trying to order and get installation done for my house", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the nicer home depots in the area . kam in the paint department has been very helpful ! friendly service and guidance not often found these days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was kinda hesitant to have anything done here because of the first impression when i walk in not much organization but was i wrong ! great tailor , professional work it 's amazing what she does . she is really sweet and kind . do n't let the surrounding fool you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aida is my go-to tailor . i 'm blessed with height and curves . the down side is almost everything must be tailored in order to be the most flattering . aida has altered my jeans , leather suede skirts , bras , dresses and plenty of designer clothing . she definitely takes pride in her work . matching the seams to where i ca n't tell where her stitches begin . in her hands a simple pair of linen slacks are given my exact silhouette and an expensive flair . she does get backed up with work , so i would definitely emphasize if you need something within a certain time frame . have her write it down ! overall , she 's great and my first stop when i buy something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this tailor shop . she is the best in town . i would not go anywhere else . it 's not often you find a true master tailor and not a regular seamstress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aida does amazing work . i 've taken all my clothes that needed alterations to her while i 've been in vegas and she 's done nothing short of an amazing job . she also made me my own dress from a picture off the internet ... it turned out even better than the picture ! i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best tailor i have been to . aida works magic and knows exactly what she 's talking about . i listened to her suggestions from experience over my own doubts and definitely was not disappointed . i had 2 shirts and 1 suit altered here and they came out perfect and in a very timely manner . she was super nice and cheerful even with all the work she had . i will definitely be a repeat customer here . you can find her shop in the back corner of the plaza it is not the dry cleaners shop facing flamingo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in las vegas all my life . aida at hye tailor is the only person i trust with my alterations . she has a great work ethic and she is really good at what she does . she has even restyled a couple of mink coats for me ! awesome work ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! from the outside you might just drive past , but if you want an amazing suit for a great deal this is the place to go ! got one suit here and you would have thought i paid more than twice what i actually paid for it . the guy who runs the place is amazing and just does an amazing job ! just wish i would have known about this place sooner ! and this place truly supports veterans ! ! if you 're a service member and need a suit shop here ! ! you wo n't find a better discount anywhere ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just horrible place . aida is a nice lady but probably too old or stressed out to do a good job anymore . after $ 75.00 ( cash ) , that is what she asked me and after 3 weeks , alteration was pretty bad . she ruined all over again a nice chanel coat . if you have something little or simple , yes , probably ok , but x fine clothing or more complicated work stay out . total disaster.. find another place . i can not even comprehend other people giving a 5 stars.. beyond words .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great tailor ! does amazing neat work ! her stitching and sizing is always correct . been going to her for over a year . definitely recommend her to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't eaten at a denny 's in many years . but after traveling all day i needed food fast and cheap . i ordered the 8 oz . sirloin steak medium well with steamed zucchini , mashed potatoes and garlic french bread ( $ 11.99 ) and cheese sticks for an appetizer . to my surprise or hungry stomach it was n't bad . the steak was tender and juicy ( could have used a pinch more seasoning ) . the steam zucchini was firm and the mashed potatoes were creamy . my husband ordered a breakfast dish . the big slam : eggs , toast , ham , sausage , hash browns and two pancakes . the service was okay our waitress was pleasant but looked bored . the restaurant was not busy and it appeared to be clean and neat ( but some of the seat cushions were torn ) . the waitress forgot the appetizer and i had to remind her and they came after dinner . because the restaurant was not busy i expected better , quicker service instead we received slow laid back service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was a convenient breakfast stop as it was just right off the freeway on the way to the airport . surprisingly busy . but both the food and the service were just atrocious . the food tasted like cardboard .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was good but the service is pretty bad here . i waited over 40 minutes for a desert that never came . i had to tell the lady at the register to take it off the check since i never got it . this place needs new management and new servers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as little as you already expect from a chain diner someway somehow they still managed to disappoint me . poor food was the biggest thing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst denny 's ever they brought out half cooked food horrible service and to top it off manager was the one who helped us very terrible ! ! ! ! never again next time i 'm going to waffle house", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service by andrea . the place is remodeled and the menu refurbished . open 24 7 . the new chicken salad sandwich with seasonal fruit is an improvement over the usual bacon , cheese and sugar-laden fare of denny 's . will i return ? yes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited 50 minutes for food , with no explanation or apology . rather defensive waitress offered us drink refills when one of our party complained . will not be stopping here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the smell of dirt and mold when you walk through the doors pretty much a turn off , but now i know it 's from a dirty old mop , pancakes were disgusting they smelled it tasted like the old mop , there was nobody in there but me and another lady and all i heard was in talk about how miserable they were , was n't enjoyable at all do n't come back , the only plus was the hostess the blond girl at the front she seem like she was the only one who cared so sad , it was another lady mexican lady with a lot of make up on this was kind of sad she just did n't care if there was food on the table for 18 hours they said , anyways wo n't be back food sucked smells like mold stay away go to jack-in-the-box", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the worst service i have ever had ... we got started fairly quickly and got our drinks but since then it 's has been at least 30 minutes since we placed our order nobody has come by to refill our drinks and even trying to get the waitress 's attention to refill drinks nothing ... we are almost to the point of walking out the service ifs so bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the most horrible experience ever ! ! was seated and sat there for half a hour and left with no service what so ever ..this post makes u pick a star but they do n't even deserve a star ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fifteen minutes no server they are n't that busy , no management at all this is by far the worst i 've been to , just want some breakfast late in the day", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i stopped in to eat breakfast for him and lunch for me . my husband ordered the salted caramel banana pancakes with scrambled eggs , hash browns , bacon and sausage with coffee . i ordered the club sandwich with onion rings and ice tea with lemon . our waitress was very friendly and she checked in with us often , refilling our drinks and making sure everything was okay . our food was delicious and fresh . everything was great : service , food , clean restaurant and restrooms . the cashier was friendly when i checked out . i had a 20 % coupon denny 's emailed to me last month . our bill was reasonable and i left a 20 % tip for our waitress because she definitely earned it . i know she works hard as evidenced by her frequent checking on us . we will return in the near future to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to try the new burgers and when i got my burger the bun was all smashed and leaning to the side . i asked the waitress to please have the cook change the bun because it is smashed so she took the burger then brought it back but the cook only changed the top bun of the burger when both buns where smashed . i told the lady that i no longer wanted the burger and she had attitude with me oh to make things worse they charged me for the burger still . i do not recommend you go to this denny 's at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "servers are extremely nice . food came out fast and perfect . very clean . right off the 17 . great location . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , good service and the food was delicious . tried the new banana pancakes . this was my first time and hopefully not the last one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading previous reviews questioned wether to eat here..am glad i wanted to make my own opinion . were greeted as we entered , our server was very cheerful . the food was very good and received promptly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was subpar from waitress stephanie . the redeeming factor was the waitress named india . she was attentive , upbeat , and friendly even though we were not in her section . i ordered bacon very very very crispy . what i got was rubbery undercooked bacon . sent it back and waitress stephanie slammed plate back on the table and said is that ok ? had to ask for more coffee and then for cream . horrible service . if you do go , ask for india . she is awesome ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was cotton picking slow . the service is the worst i have had in arizona . i feel sorry for the denys chain . no wonder they are struggling . then to top if off they did not have two different entrees . i means seriously who runs out of chicken ? i would suggest picking up old french fries in a mcdonalds parking lot before going to this denny 's . bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was by far the worst experience i 've ever had at a denny 's . the location looked quite and peaceful , but was anything but . the waitresses had really bad attitudes , and were shocked that all i wanted to eat was pancakes . am i the only person who has ordered just pancakes from denny 's . the cook burned by pancakes to a very very dark brown , i 'm not sure about this , but are pancakes supposed to be kind of crispy ? the cook have me dirty looks from the kitchen all night long . i really just wanted to leave as soon as i ordered . i ca n't go back there for fear of the bad service , but i will tell people about this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food it 's great like always but the customer service really but the chunky white girl who was our server she shoulder being working here , thank you to the manager she was really nice after works ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when we entered did not even get a greeting from the hostess . had her head down when she was cashing out other patrons . we waited ten minutes and she was talking to other coworkers then after noticing we were n't going to be seated i asked if we could sit at the bar . then we received no menus . waited ten more minutes for a word . ordered did the receive drink for ten minutes . received half of the food and forgot the salsa for my omelet . worse customer service ever", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can i say it is denny 's . food is what it is but the waitress where friendly and chatty", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what is going on here ? are they always shortstaffed ? they took so long with our meals . everything we asked for took long . 2nd time we went we left because the line was almost out the door waiting for seats .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never eat at another denny 's again . the good : staff was great , very friendly , and make it feel like a relaxing place to enjoy your food , but the food is the problem . food tasted horrible , and for what they charge is just ridiculous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent . we eat here almost every weekend . simple reasons ... the food is wonderful . like most mexican food places , the plates are huge and the food is scaulding hot when it arrives , but the food seems to be a notch above most places we have eaten . the drinks are abundant and you can order everything from small margaritas to super huge get-you-drunk fast margaritas . i am a white russian enthusiast , and they have one of the best i have ever had . the wait service is prompt and polite . the management is great . this guy made me a white russian with half and half instead of milk and it was the best thing ever ! now every time we go back the manager makes me my drink : ) incredible customer care . i disagree with previous comments about the guacamole . its alive and tasty . we order a side of it with our chips and salsa every time we visit . i would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with my coworker jared ... ... i do n't think we will ever be back ... . i have a hard time revisiting a place that has visible bugs ? i am sure all places have problems , but when you have to kill something to finish your meal its not on my list to revisit . food did not standout to me so i can not recommend it , still have tingles down my spine thinking out creapy crawlers . i think i will stay away and get my mexican grill somewhere else ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place . has awesome lunch specials . chips and salsa brought to your table rite away free of charge ! ! ca n't go wrong with any choice . food is amazing ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good skinny margarita . however service was poor and in the bar the empty glasses were pilled onto it and took up two seats . service was o.k . we had to ask for place setting and other things . but it got better by the end . the food was good . i will try again but if that bar is pilled high with empty used glasses i would call the health department .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great ! i was in the mood for good hearty mexican food and went based on reviews . i got chicken fajitas . they were fresh and sizzling . the chips are crispy and thin ... not to heavy . salsa had a kick and not to chunky . definitely a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good mexican food . the prices are a little steep but the portions are generous . there is usually quite a wait on friday and saturday night . some of the best mexican food my family has had in surprise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good , nothing to get excited about but good , nice looking , very decorative atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is authentic and fun inside but the food was marginal at best . menu was very limited . i asked for veggie options and ? ? ? my waiter didnt seem to understand . ok i 'll have fish tacos , my mahi in my tacos was wayyy over cooked like rubber . it was monday night and not very busy but took forever to get drinks and food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a great dinner was sat immediately and i tried something new too . i had the rio burrito and it 's was a great treat , the guacamole appetizer was fresh and chips arrived hot to the table too more than once . the only draw back was we had to ask for drinks to be refilled and mom 's original choice was a bit dry however she replaced it with the shrimp fajitas and those were 5 stars . truly i would have given 4.5 review but this app does not let me right now . i will be going back and can not wait to try another new dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we absolutely love rio mirage . the food here is huge portions and so good . the service however is what keeps us coming back , the staff if very attentive and you never have to search for your waitress or be over bombarded by them either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried rio while visiting family in az and it was great mexican . the margarita was awesome and the service was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best mexican food i have had so far , since moving to arizona . i always get the chicken enchiladas with beans and rice , you get a huge portion for a great price , and service is always fast and friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 're famous for their ice cream sandwiches which they have monopolize in all of pacific mall . good selection of ice cream flavors . you can get the uncommon ones like taro and durian . they have a combo that comes with egg waffles for $ 6 . the egg waffles are n't as good as other places in pacific mall though but you got to try the ice cream wrapped in a thin almost crepe-like batter . they also have a large variety of chinese snacks . never tried any of the other stuff but the place looks clean and tidy so maybe next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ice cream sandwiches and egg waffles here are amazing , i have been coming here for years . they also carry egg waffles with chocolate chips for an additional $ 0.50 if you request it which is worth a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so they promote the chipotle app and ordering via the app , thry actually provide an option for pick up times . in this case my time was 915 for an order placed at 845 . i arrived at 920 and they said `` we will get that ready for you now ... '' ummm excuse me ? ? what is the purpose of the pre order , time options , and order information if you are n't going to make it until i arrive ! ? uuuggghhh ... i do n't like unnecessary ! i waited in line like everyone else ! not happy about that . food was good that 's why i gave a two and not a 1 . excellent service is important to me ! this was not excellent service . # pink", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location always does a good job ! we went yesterday when there was beautiful weather and there were only a few other tables with people at them . we opted to sit outside , on the small patio at the front , and enjoy the weather . our food was great ! i personally recommend the chicken burrito bowl , and the person i was with got a double wrapped chorizo burrito .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this location . the people who work here are fantastic . but . big but . today was the day i decide to write my review . the guac was black and definitely rotten . not `` ripe '' as the tall skinny white girl try to say . but rotten . i have not seen that girl there before so that makes me think that she 's probably a manager of some sort . a rotten avo tastes like rotten medicine and is black . this guac was black and tasted like rotten medicine . `` ripe '' tastes different from rotten . there is nothing worse than a rotten avo . except when that rotten avo ruins your entire meal . anyways . that is all i have to say about this location . to recap . the day time people during the week are fantastic . and the food is usually great . but the person trying to convince me that the rotten avo is not rotten is not so cool . the end .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new restaurant and first time in , the place was dirty ! trash all over the floor and the tables were dirty . should n't they have someone wiping tables when people leave ? ? food was horrible , so bad i asked for my money back . i could n't even chew the steak , seriously . everything was stone cold . i wo n't go back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love chipotles food . but we placed a call in order and when went to pick up , it had n't been made . they stated they would make once line was done . what is the point of a call in order option . very upsetting cause i love the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed in the overall appearance and cleanliness of this location . i 've never seen a `` dirty '' chipotle . the store was not overly busy and the food bar was dirty with excess food spread everywhere . the guacamole had a brown film over it to make you think it was not prepared fresh that day . when i went to sit down the booths had food all over them and i had to wipe it off prior to sitting . the food was good , no complaints there until 4 hours later when my husband and i both are wondering if we have food poisoning . with the cleanliness issues i witnessed , i would definitely not be surprised because things are just not `` kosher '' with the digestive system right now . i 'll give the chipotle chain a chance again , once i break the association from getting sick , but i 'll never visit this location again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went for the first time this afternoon . they were a bit busy . the employees were all friendly , the food was great . not a bad price for the amount of food you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had a problem , usually friendly service and the order ahead online option worked for me multiple times for lunch at work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good but the bad part is the chips . i do n't know who 's frying them up but they might need some help . say no to stale chips .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go to for great food at a reasonable cost . this was the first time trying sofritas ( tofu , vegetarian ) and i liked it . the portions are filling and service is prompt . ca n't really go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the worst chipotle i 've ever been to . on more than one occasion the employees have been extremely rude . they are constantly running out of items that should be prepped and ready for busy hours of the day . i 've also noticed their portions are substantially smaller than other chipotles i 've been too . i absolutely love chipotle but not pleased with this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't go wrong with chipotle . seems quiet on monday afternoon , they were n't busy at all so keep in mind it 's not going to be as fresh as some chipotles . portions on the smaller side , probably depends who you get on the line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff at this chipotle went above and beyond for my husband at 20 minutes before they closed . we have some severe gluten and dairy allergies and they brought out a new guacamole for us so that we could enjoy their guac without the cross contamination of the cheese ( which is always next to it accidentally in it ) . we were thrilled and so grateful ! we enjoyed out meal with the peace of not fearing sickness . thank you for serving us so well ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service ! ran out of chicken and chips when it was not crowded , and made me and others wait 15 extra minutes for our orders . the workers were also inconsiderate to everyone about it . never coming back this place should learn something about customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good experience for me ... worth 4 stars ! i went in with low expectations based partly on other reviews , but mostly due to the fact that i was visiting this chipotle at what seems to be the restaurant industry 's `` witching hour '' - 60 minutes before they close . and , on a sunday . yikes ! however , i got a great burrito bowl . the rice was fine , beans good , pico was a bit mushy but tasted fine , and the guac was fresh . missing one star because there were melted ice cubes all over the drink station and the floor below ... another customer must have been a bit sloppy . in summary , however , no major problems here ... . i would n't hesitate to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we regularly eat at chipotle all over the country and rarely have a problem . unfortunately , this location predictably disappoints . we just stopped in for lunch on the way home from vacation . the food was all clearly left over from yesterday . the beans were dried out . the chicken had no flavor , was dry , and chewy . the guacamole topped it all being brown through and through . i asked the server about it , and she stirred it around . it was enough to make you lose your appetite all together . there were no papers lining the baskets , and no one was friendly . i could go on , but you get the point . so ... go to moe 's up the street or hit a chipotle somewhere besides gastonia . this location is the worst of the worst . ps : i have emailed corporate about this location before and will again . i 'm not sure this place is salvageable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff felt that chatting with one another & doing other things like wiping the counter as the other employee was serving food underneath was more important than servicing customers . while they were talking & laughing , customers were waiting to be pay . they were rude and clearly working in the service industry is not their calling . in addition , the garbage cans were overflowing & the drink condiment area was unclean . i love chipotle , but this location sucks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had never been to a chipotle before last week , but i ended up going to one in charlotte with a friend while coming home from concarolina and decided to go and visit the gastonia location last night . i 'm quite impressed . the menu is quite easy to understand , they have some delicious meats and vegetables , really fantastic guacamole , and are very clean and appetizing . everyone at this location was very , very friendly . i think the food is a little pricey , but it seems well worth it . everything tasted great ; the carnitas was fantastic on my burrito ! oh , and they have carbonated water on tap . awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a problem here . i always eat at the counter at the window , & it 's always clean . the food is always good . i go back occasionally .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never bought glasses from here but they are the closest opticians to home.. which means i 've popped in on a couple of occasions when i 've needed adjustments made to my specs . they have always been more than eager to help out and have never charged me to make adjustments and even give my glasses a good proper clean . last time i stopped in they had a stack of cleaning cloths on the counter and seemed happy for people to help themselves . when my next eye check is due , i think i 'll be paying them a visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although i have n't bought glasses from 20 20 opticians , they have a really nice and inviting store on easter road . i 've popped in a few times while in the area to get my boyfriend a new glasses case , to adjust my friend 's glasses and ( most recently ) to fix my own glasses when a lens popped out . the staff are super friendly and are always eager to help , and they have been so kind to fix my glasses at no charge at all . they also have a stack of free glasses cleaning cloths which are so handy ! it is a great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i highly recommend busy bee art studio ! eliane is an amazing artist . i take my son to her toddler class every week and he loves it ! her talent and creativity has no end . weather you are looking for toddler , adult , or fun painting party , busy bee art studio is definitely a place you want to check out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eliane entertained my 3 year old niece with her art class for 3 hours when she came into town . my niece loved all the crafts she got to make just in time for father 's day . she made my sister and i feel very comfortable leaving her with the other student to enjoy their art time together . she made sure that my niece did not see us leave , so she would n't get upset , although we were a little surprised we were n't staying to see the art class , lol ! i highly recommend this art studio for all ages she is truly talented and excellent with what she offers to the community with her love of art .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eliane is a very dedicated person to all kids , special needs , and adults interested in using art as entertainment or therapy . reasonable prices , and very pleasant studio . flexible hours too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily one of the tastiest indian foods i 've had . what 's good : the taste and freshness of the food . super friendly and courteous staff . the quantity and prices are not somethin to beat . the stuffed naan ( amritsari kulcha ) was absolutely delicious as was the chat papri which came recommend by the staff . very fresh . what 's there to work on ? the food was slightly over salted . rice was n't cooked properly . gordon ramsay would 've been furious . tiny outdated interior . about 20 years outta date . all in all , great discovery via the yelpers . def go there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i skip breakfast on on weekends so i can come eat here . i 'm usually in the area on weekends and absolutely love the food here . i have tried couple of things on the menu but their chat papri and sev puri are amazing . we always get those two things and maybe try something else . had their royal falooda last time and it was really good as well . the decor does need an update ( ancient egypt theme ? ) but who cares when the food taste so good . the staff is also very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is an excellent place is you really like indian food . they specialize in a type of indian snack called chat , which is a plate of savoury snacks , typically served at road-side tracks from stalls or carts in india and the rest of south asia . this restaurant makes excellent food , the people who work here are friendly , and make sure you enjoy your food , the food is made with love and care which makes it even a better experience . it 's the type of place you would n't mind going to often just for a snack , or to sit down and have a meal with your family . definitely check it out if you are in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving 5 stars based on their sweet called kalakand . ohhhhhh man oh man does n't it melts in your mouth . yummm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ended up here by chance . the good : - you see what you will get - all vegetarian , very tasty - food is fantastic - very reasonably priced . tali less than $ 7 - very friendly owner the bad : - difficult to see from the road - ca n't wait to go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good customer service and food . we visited this place after seeing some yelp reviews and the place was within 3 miles from our hotel . ordered vada paav , thali meals and kulfi . vada paav was so yummy that we took two of them to go as well . the lady in the counter ( must be the owner ) was so friendly . she figured out that we are not from canada and she gave us a small sweet box as a compliment and mentioned that it was a gesture to welcome us here in canada . it was so nice of her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "must try the amritsari kulcha and dahi puri . they also have a nice selection of sweets too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am here in toronto just for work . i had to try out indian food , after consideration and yelp reviews i thought to give this place a try . location : this is a small restaurant located in a strip mall with other canadian-indian owned businesses . food : i ordered aloo poori and pani puri , what can i say they were spot-on . as authentic as the real thing . the only critic i would have is the seating area is very small , people have to wait for the table . owner of this business is very nice and kind , he gave me a box of sweets just because i visited this place first time . i would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so chaat is from north india . specifically delhi . any chat in delhi is awesome . this is the closest i 've had in canada . is it as good as delhi chaat , definitely not , it ca n't be never will . is it the best chat i 've had in canada , definitely . we ordered paani puri , papri chaat , tikki chhole , amritsari kulcha , rose soda , and nimbu pani . everything was tantalising and mouth watering . it 's spicy but ooh soooooo good . highly recommended the kulcha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm indian food for lunch . this place is a family owned restaurant that prides itself on authentic indian punjabi food . it 's a little place with 6 tables big enough for families . my indian friends say that the 'chat ' is the best in toronto , super fresh but really i do n't know as my mouth and taste buds are exploding with favors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stepped in for a quick lunch during work and loved it ! do n't come here if you 're looking for anything remotely upscale . the plates are plastic , the washroom is ... well ... at least there is one , and it 's in the corner of a plaza you would never normally see . but the food was pretty good ! shared the pani puri and channa batura with a friend . the pani puri was good , but that 's not too hard to mess up . the batura was really soft , very fluffy , and delicious . the channa was good too , but not the best i 've had . the service was fast . we were in and out of there in 20 mins ! i also bought some of the sweets , and they were well made as well . overall , amazing value for your money , quick service , and very satisfying : ) go there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is hands down one of the best indian restaurants i have been to , not to mention vegetarian . food is great , people are great . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is good about this indian local food eatery . taste and prices are extremely good . sev puri is recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "off late yelp has failed us.. not this time around : ) landed in toronto , hungry and looking for indian food , we looked this place up on google yelp , its close to the airport , the reviews were decent , we decided to give it a shot . the food was excellent ! . we ordered chollay bhature , and amritsari naan , both were reasonably priced , and came with the usual condiments . the place might give an impression of being dingy and insanitary , but that 's just how alot of indian food places look like . we went back on our way to the airport the day we were flying out as well . this time around just to eat the sweets they had . bought kalakand , laddoo , tried their gajar halwa and gulab jamun . the gj 's were out of this world . i ate more than i should have : d lol . go here ! you wont be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family came from florida , and i took them here . we were a group of 6 . chat hut is by far one of the best places to get indian street food in the gta . we ordered the chat papri , sev puri and pani puri and it was so delicious we had to get another plate . for dessert , we each had the kulfi faluda . these dishes are so good it 's hard to share ; i would recommend getting your own plate . the prices are reasonable - highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not indian chaat - it 's downright abysmal ! also , my god ! ! the sheer amount of plastic that is used at this place is frightening - wish they cared about the environment a bit more !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want to have some indian fast food this place is good . their paani puri water has good flavour . quick service and delicious food . was not too impressed with chaat papri , but amritsari kulcha was delicious . you get a kulcha with 3 dishes , yogurt and some salad . overall a good place if you wan na relish some indian food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the amritsari kulcha is to die for ! the onion kachori is pretty decent as well . you should definitely stop here . do n't go by the looks . the food is the star here as it should be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bf and i stumbled across this sweet shop restaurant and wow were we suprised . neither of us are vegetarian so we thought about going somewhere else but thought why not go have a look . we are so glad we did . the food was delisious , and the familly that runs it are so nice and helpful , it was totally worth the drive . i would try to tell you what we had but i 'm certain that i would get the names wrong . let me just say for less then twenty dollars we both got stuffed , actually too much for me as i had to save room for the mango lasi . they were the first place to ask me how sweet i wanted it , medium was perfect , mmmmm mango lasi : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a gem hidden off the beaten path . have n't tried their sweets but their chaat is some of the best i 've had ! service is astoundingly fast and friendly , the meal is a great value , and the food ... my goodness the food . their chana masala is possibly the best i 've ever had ( in india and canada alike ) . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is pretty good for the price ... had amazing chat n thai with mango lassi for just around $ 15 ... definitely coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for cheap vegetarian indian food it was great and amazing value . we had 2 heavy dishes and had no idea what to order so the owner just made us up 2 dinner meals and it was great ! super cheap total for 2 meals was $ 12 . its like going into another country in there but such an amazing authentic experience . the owners were so sweet and helpful , even though there was a language barrier . reminds me of futures on bloor with an indian twist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great indian breakfast and best value of money . people are great . great customer service . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good kulcha ... chat is good but not as good as the regular thali dishes . friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good flavour and great value . saag paneer was excellent . i would definitely come here again for a quick casual lunch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , delightful people , reasonable prices . does n't get much better than this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have found a gem . nice small restaurant , food and the people behind the counter are top notch . i took whole bunch of food for take out , gentleman behind the counter gave me complimentary sweets a+ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "though i have not eaten at a sonic in awhile , their beverages drive me crazy ! i recent found out that you can get a delicious drink from half off during their happy hours from 2-5pm . this particular sonic is located off lake mead pkwy just a hop , skip and a jump from the entrance to lake mead national recreation area . when in need of a high calorie , high sugar liquid cup of goodness ( i love the ocean water ) after a hard day of playing or exploring the lake area , give this location a go . they have a drive-thru so you can get it to go and bounce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we come here a lot as its close to our residence and it 's always great here . the service here has been through some changes , we can see new people are coming and going but the sonic experience is alive and well here . i 'll recommend this sonic to the rest of world here or that live around here or coming or going from the lakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unreal ! we ordered 4 drinks here , waited 20 minutes and pushed the button again to ask what was happening . they apologized and said they accidentally gave our order to a drive thru guest . what ? they said we will start remaking it now . waited 5 more minutes and they brought the drinks and asked for more money . i already paid . done with this place ! look at my reviews . i am not one to complain but this was ridiculous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i stopped here on our way to a work call in lake las vegas . we were trying to rush an go on with our day off so possibly could have been more irritable than normal however the service did n't help our moods . the woman working the drive thru was rude and impatient taking our order . she had the worst attitude and i could tell through a box ! that 's what prompted me to write this and it only got worse ! at the window she charged our card not saying a word and handed us our items one at a time . there were very long gaps of time in between each beverage and the food . every time she walked away she left the window open so we could hear them complaining ( very loudly and animated ) about having to cook the breakfast burrito at one pm ... .and jalape\u00f1o poppers . it was awkward , to say the least , when a new equally as rude employee returned with our food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite sonic in town . there is one just down the street from here on boulder , but this one never has a crowd , is consistently good with their drinks , and has a friendly staff . we go here almost daily for a route 44 during the hot summer months . they sometimes close early at night , but around sunset is the perfect time to come to catch a nice view of the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a few quick points today : food is always good , no complaints there . it 's fast food . however..they used to have these bomb chicken bites or whatever , bbq , buffalo and asian flavor . they 're gone now ) : you can never go wrong with a slush or shake ! i always feel like i 'm having a screaming war with the person through the intercom . i hate it ! is it terrible i only tip them if they 're wearing skates ( which btw it 's rare here ) ? ? haha i thought that was the whole point ... ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come to this sonic way more than i want to admit . rarely is it for food , it 's the slushies , shakes and blasts that keep me coming back . currently sonics has two promotions i like to take advantage of : drinks and slushies are half off from 2 pm to 5pm , and shakes are half off after 8 pm . when i do get food here , i stick with the basics : sonic burger and tots . to me , these burgers are a couple steps above what you 'd get at mcdonalds , but not quite as good as one from in & out fatburger 5 guys . there is another sonic nearby ( on boulder highway ) that is just as close to home as this one , however the friendly service at this location is what keeps me coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp 365 challenge 2014- ( 248 365 ) `` thirst aid station '' love stopping by for sonic happy hour ! perfect for a very hot day with my go to drink which is their sweetened iced green tea , easy ice . that way , i wo n't finish my drink in 4-5 sips . half off drinks from 2-5 is a very cool deal ! food wise , when a craving hits , i like their foot long coney dog and their sweet onion rings . the service has always been pleasant , and other locations around town make it very convenient to cool off when the vegas heat gets to you . aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu uuu 4", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this sonic is so inconsistent . i went last night to get a chocolate malt and there was no line in the drive thur , but they made me wait to take my order anyways . this happens here all the time for some reason ? not a big deal but , my real compliant is the malt . it was so runny and watery i could n't drink it . it was so gross ! the same person made me my malt 3 days ago and it was great . i do n't get it . and this is like the 3rd time this has happened to me here . this sonic is so close for me . i hope this can be fixed or i will have to switch to the boulder hwy location . i do n't seem to have these issues there ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just have to review on this place because my husband and i practically live here . i mean with half price drinks and slushes for happy hour and half priced shakes after 8pm , who would n't want to hit this place up . their food is always cooked fresh and is delicious . and the staff is great as well . great quick place to grab some food or something to drink . try the cherry lime dr. pepper and the chocolate banana shake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cheese sticks for the price ! i love coming here for happy hour . breakfast burritos are pretty good but the coffee selection needs a little help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this sonic is really hit or miss . usually they have good service but the last couple times we have been there it is going down hill . the crew at night sounds a bit immature at times and not always sure of what they are doing . they really need to retrain some people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "failed to provide condiments as ordered and listed on the sales receipt . sonic failed to provide ranch for chicken tenders and marinara for cheese sticks . read the receipt people ! ! also , ordered 4 ocean waters . three were slushies and one was correctly made with sprite and blue coconut . seems like no one is checking orders for accuracy or quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered and some boneless wings . had to repeat order 20 times `` really `` . still got order wrong . when told order was wrong they did n't care . i guess they were too busy fixing the few orders before us they messed up as well as the 8 after they messed up . what a mess", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the slowest drive thru in the history of drive up service . seriously it is literally 20 minutes with hardly any business . they need to make some changes . update : i gave it another chance . 22 minutes for 4 drinks and a couple of corn dogs ! i hope to all the is holy that management reads this . you are broken and need fixed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst drive-through service ever ! i came through the drive-through at about 4 pm today . i ordered a vanilla heath concrete custard . there was one car ahead of me . after a couple of minutes they got their ice cream and i pulled up to the window . the girl immediately took my credit card and ran it . she handed it back to me , with no receipt . she said i 'll be right back . after about 10 minutes of sitting in the hundred degree heat with my window open , and about 10 teenyboppers running around inside of the sonic socializing and not working , she brings me my ice cream ( if you can call it that at this point . it was about 3 4 full and the top half was melted and was basically a soup . to top it off i never even got a receipt . i love sonic with their drinks slushes and ice cream 's , but i 'll never be back to this one . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever . usually we really like the boneless wings , but this time they were small , dry , and tasted old . my mother called to complain , and after spending $ 34 on this visit , they offer $ 4 off and a free drink ... gee thanks . this particular sonic is not going to get my business again . i took a photo of the nasty small wings and posted those on yelp as well , take a look .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even though this sonic is the closet one to my house , i would prefer to make the trip to another one . milkshakes are runny and they always seem to forget something on my order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "s o n i c ! ! ! went thru the drive thru and got some goodies for the family . service tonight deserve 5 stars , very friendly , order was correct , did n't have to repeat myself while ordering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is always great- this place is always busy but the kids who work there try really hard to go fast . i feel bad for them sometimes because people are so impatient and they are just working their first job . nice kids working there- had to give them a shout out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is it ! it 's my favourite starbucks in edinburgh ! from prince 's street , the entrance may look slightly odd and not overly inviting as signs try to lure you one floor up for your coffee but , once you do come up the stairs , you look around in awe . it is beautiful , inviting , light , airy , and welcoming . the views of the castle are amazing and there are so many great seats along their plentiful windows that everyone can bask in the views and enjoy them here . the coffees are excellent ( my praline mocha today was absolutely fantastic ! ) and this is a perfect refuge from the crowds of prince 's street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey , it 's a starbucks ! you know what you 're getting . what sets this particular branch above and beyond is the view , oh what a glorious view ! the big windows look directly out onto the west end of princes street gardens and castle hill ( and obviously edinburgh castle too ) . you ca n't be unhappy looking out at that , no matter the weather . there 's been a pretty nice refurbishment recently too , with lots more seating and just generally a better feel about the place . my one criticism would be the absolutely tiny serving area , i 've no idea why they thought it was a good idea to hide it behind a pillar and make it only about 30cm wide . sure , there are places that will serve you better coffee , but if you 're in town and in need of a sit and some caffeine , and you 're not a snob , then hit up starbucks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok so i have n't started reviewing mcdonald 's yet ... but this rendition of starbucks deserved it . a huuge space above princes street , giving a view over the city with a comfort of a biscuit and tea . tons of space ( think tottenham court road london starbucks times two without the creepy church people and tramps ) . do it . tromp up those stairs and rest . no really . edinburgh is the best at everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know what you 're thinking , 5 stars for a starbucks , really ? yes it 's true . this is actually the best starbucks i 've ever been to , and trust me , i 've been to quite a few . the baristas are super friendly and efficient - if there is a line , it disappears quickly . wonderful views of the castle . and i do n't know how , but the standard pastries , food , and coffee of starbucks actually taste better at this location . is that even possible ? apparently it is . maybe it 's some kind of edinburgh magic that is only specific to this particular site . haha . nonetheless , a fabulous starbucks . wow , now there 's a sentence i never thought i would say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing view and thanks for the wifi . otherwise it 's just your typical starbucks ... but it 's clean , convenient and close to everything . loved it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a starbucks is a starbucks is a starbucks ... that is the whole point of an international franchise . this location , however , has an amazing view and is the perfect spot for this tourist to duck into to take advantage of free wifi and check email . the place is huge with tons of comfy couches and a second story view overlooking the castle and old town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "things i dont like about starbucks - the crossants - plasticy and bleh - a latte has 1 5 of the caffeine of a latte in an artisan cafe - the `` im cool i work in starbucks '' staff - the attitude to dare tell me that i cant have my coffee in a mug as they are closing in 30 minutes ! ! i am a customer ... ... if i am paying and paying to stay i am having my coffee is a mug ! especially when you are going to try and charge me the `` sit-in '' price ! ! things i like about starbucks - the espresso - the mugs & the tools to go create your favourite cofee at home - the few decent long term staff they have that remember your order in my experience the smaller edinburgh starbucks tend to be better than the huge ones ! the best being the one on lothian road . the are undoubtedly though a vitim of their size . overall ... ... . i would go to peters yard or werllington coffee any day given the choice !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of the most amazing starbucks i 've ever been in - and i 've been in a few . you would never really notice it unless you were looking for it - so look up . the view is amazing , it 's second to none in the city . the staff are good too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gets more stars than your average starbucks simply because of the view building . a big wide open space with high ceilings and huge ornate windows offering a perfect view of princes street gardens and edinburgh castle . a good choice of seats , your favourite coffee drink ( make mine a caramel macchiato ) , and that view - what more could you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great views over edinburgh castle but that 's about it . i 'm only here because it 's late on a sunday and raining outside . there are so many independent cafes in edinburgh with better coffee , cake & atmosphere there should be no excuses for going to starbucks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a starbucks junkie . this one wins with the view . you have a perfect view of edinburgh castle ! the only issue is the stairs . it is not handicap assessable . i was fine , but i immediately wondered how they were able to build a location like this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a snuggish place to relax - with a chocolate muffin and an espresso . it was raining like hell and this starbucks saved our day . great view to edinburgh castle by the way !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wtf . a starbucks with an awesome view . bet you the store on george street is pissed . w.t.f .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was another rainy afternoon in the city so we were looking for cover after doing some shopping . we especially liked this location because of the second floor view of the city .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice starbucks - typical products and service . the view of the castle is spectacular . definitely makes it one of the most unique starbucks i 've every been in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really comfortable and loads of seats , but i dont really lilke starbucks hot drinks as i think they are too strong ! love the frapacinos tho , and theyre cakes & toasties . overpriced though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "views of the castle lots of room to sit , study service hit or miss", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy guacamole ! this place is huge ! easily would seat 150 . and to add to the cool factor it upstairs and the large bay window looks out at the castle on the hill . staff was friendly and efficient , had a really nice `` biscuit '' ( british speak for cookie ) : a shortbread cookie dipped in chocolate and caramel . if they had this in the states , i would eat it every day ! they were quite busy so the the dining room really needed attention . other than that , a nice place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i shop for dog treats and toys and always find something when i shop , despite the cat moniker . i like the selection of freeze dried dog treats and safe ( yet fun ! ) toys . this can be a great option to look for toys that provide mental stimulation to your cat or dog yet are safe for pets in terms of manufacturing quality . oh , and it 's super fun to bring your pet inside the store -- or if you do n't bring a pet , they usually have a resident cat that you can pet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this spot for its unique pet items . they have some great prices on cat nip and other kitty-friendly items . giant sparkly balls are only $ 1 which keeps me coming back just for those ! they have a good variety of squishy foods and dry foods . they also have a unique selection of cat-accessories such as houses , trees , and randomness that even the most pampered of cats does not need - but most certainly should have ! the staff is always very friendly and this is a fun store to get your kitty stocked up at !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as much as i dig my east side madcat , i may now be just a tiny bit fonder of the monroe st. branch near my work , because they have more varieties and sizes of the two wet foods my cat adores . awesome service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent parking in front of the store . time limits but 15 minutes is sufficient for this store . cat and dog stuff . better than the basic goods from a large box store . prices are reasonable for boutique animal toys , treats and food . the toys they keep in stock for cats are sure to please even the most finicky feline . they refill containers of kitty litter which is great and green ! love that . the little kitty they had running about the store , was super friendly and even tried to follow us around and out of the store . i wanted to take him home . the staff extremely pleasant friendly and helpful . i highly recommend any owner that loves their cat like family , to shop here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service and very welcoming . staff are knowledgeable about their products and helping you find something to suit your pet ( s ) ' tastes . my dogs love coming in and getting treats . i forgot one of my purchases on the counter- when i came back the next day , the clerk remembered me and handed it to me - or maybe she just remembered my puppies . either way i was impressed ! ( looks like they are relocating soon to store across knickerbocker place so if you do n't see them at the old address , look next to bluephies and serrv . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happened upon this joint while being a tourist in madison . loved the shop . quant but chock full of great pet goodies . i left with some fabulous treats for my dogs . who knew that water buffalo provide such a great chew horn ? great advice from the employees . some stuff was pricey but worth it . parking is limited but easy in and out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i 'm updating my 5 star review to a still 5 star review ! i just have new exciting revelations about the place . i used to come to mad cat for random cat needs . toys , shampoo , cat nip . but now this is the only place i shop at . do n't get me wrong i love mounds too since they are local , but they are no convenient locations for a person that lives downtown . after coming in one day and taking a closer look at what they stock i realized they have all of my cat foods needs here ! i buy fromm 's for my kitty , a wisconsin brand made with awesome ingredients . and they also carry bff brand wet cat food . they also do a frequent buyer program . 12 bags bought =1 bag free . my kitty is only 7.4 pounds so it takes nearly a year to get there ... but hey i appreciate them giving an incentive to continue buying locally . the people there are always super helpful and friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite the name , this is a dog and cat pet store . the staff are extremely friendly . i went in with my pup looking for a toy that he could n't destroy ( because he destroys every stuffed animal we have gotten him in a few days ) . the staff recommended this brand of stuffed animals that they carry that is made with mesh lining so it 's very hard for them to rip it open . i was shocked that the toy has held out with no holes , tears , rips , etc . and it 's been 10 days . thank you for recommending this to us ! we will certainly be back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "madcat is more for cat folks than `` cat & dog '' folks . this branch is relatively small and the dog supply offerings is rather limited ( in comparison to other smaller boutique pet stores like nutzy mutz and crazy cats ) . the cat items are high quality and they do have a great policy regarding the food options that they carry . all pet food is extremely `` high end '' ( they do n't carry the big chains like purina for example ) , but considering the brand names , i noticed the prices are very fair when compared to the cost you find on discount online stores like chewy.com , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time visiting mad cat on monroe , i often frequent the store on willy street . both are totally awesome stores , although this store has slightly better and bigger selection . do n't be confused by the name they have both dog and cat supplies . i love all of the smaller brand and artisan foods and toys for pets . i came into the store today because my cat had an upset stomach . there was an ample quantity of over the counter supplements and treats to help with this issue . staff was friendly and helpful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing for the price . we ordered via foodora and the naan bread was undercooked , felt like we were eating raw dough . the vindaloo chicken was n't even spicy , not even a little bit . the butter chicken and rice were the only decent thing . for the price , would never go again . definitely better options for cheaper or the same price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was great to satisfy a craving for indian . food came quickly and the staff were friendly . i would come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "butter chicken poutine , malai kofta , and masala tea . boom boom boom let me here you say way-ooh ... .way-ooh . great indian food and great service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hello ! tried guru for the first time , based on reviews . i ordered the following : - lamb vindaloo with naan and rice - lassi the lamb was tender and flavorful . the potatoes were a bit tough . the curry , however , was disappointing . i 've had vindaloo in goa , india ( origin of vindaloo ) . sadly , guru 's vindaloo does n't make the cut . lassi was good - tasty , fresh , frothy . naan was a bit on the thicker side . i 'm from india and have had some mind-boggling naans at 'dhabas ' ( roadside restaurants ) . rice was fluffy and flavorful . i may try some of the other dishes at guru 's eventually , but wo n't be rushing back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cuisine indienne savoureuse et raffin\u00e9e . le menu est vari\u00e9 dont une dizaine de mets v\u00e9g\u00e9tariens v\u00e9g\u00e9taliens . leur soupe dahl est un must . la carte des vins est compos\u00e9e des plus populaires et rien de charnu . la dimension des lieux est parfaite , assez de place pour une belle ambiance avec un niveau de bruit faible \u00e0 moyen . le service \u00e9tait bien mais sans plus ce soir l\u00e0 . c'\u00e9tait ma 2e visite depuis 1 an et je vais y revenir .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the overall experience was disappointing . the ambiance is very nice and the service was at par . we ordered the butter chicken and tandoori chicken . the butter chicken was acceptable but the tandoori chicken was terrible . it was evident that the chicken was not cooked after we placed the ordered and was very stale . we complained to the server . we chose the restaurant based on the reviews and the experience did n't live up the overall 4.5 stars the restaurant is rated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the chicken korma and chicken bhuna both were good maybe a touch more salt then needs . the bombay lassi was awesome . the vegetable rise was good as was the garlic nann . the service was fast and friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent indian food in a nice neighborhood . we sat by the window and enjoyed the evening breeze while eating dinner . i ordered a paneer dish and my girlfriend got the baingan bharta ; both were delicious . the garlic naan was some of the best i 've had and perfectly cooked , as well . i requested my dish to be extra spicy and it had a pleasant kick to it , but was n't overwhelmingly hot . they serve some interesting-sounding cocktails and beer , although taj mahal was the only beer they offered when i was there . my only gripe is that the vegetarian dishes do n't include rice and naan like the meat-based dishes do , which i do n't really understand , but i guess that seems to be a pretty standard arrangement in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really fantastic indian food but pretty bad service . great decor and atmosphere . butter chicken and pakoras were some of the best i 've had . but our waiter was pretty bad , did n't give us any info and our food took over an hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were told about this place and it did not disappoint . excellent indian food . we tried the sampler and thought each of the dishes were superbly made and tasty . i really liked the butter chicken although it probably is not good for my diet . amazingly , hardly anyone was in the restaurant although it probably suffers during the summer when mcgill is out so there was no wait . had enough left over for a second dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mon indien pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 \u00e0 montreal ! propri\u00e9taire sympathique , tr\u00e8s beau et chaleureux \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur , beau bar et il y a m\u00eame une h\u00f4tel en-haut ! ! si vous chercher un indien ne chercher plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . propri\u00e9taire fort sympathique . c\u00f4t\u00e9 cocktail , j'ai go\u00fbt\u00e9 au bollywood ( un m\u00e9lange de vodka , malibu , liqueur de midori , jus de lime , jus de kiwi ) de ma voisine mais j'ai bien aim\u00e9 \u00e0 mon sp \u00e9cial guru ( champagne , sirop d'hibiscus , framboise ) c\u00f4t\u00e9 plat , que dire , il y en avait beaucoup . j'ai vraiment aim\u00e9 la poutine poulet au beurre , les entr\u00e9es fort r\u00e9ussies , tout \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieux . c'est d\u00e9cid\u00e9 , j'y retourne ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually order the same thing which is veggie pekoras , chana samosas and shahi paneer and it 's so tasty . it 's my favorite tbh . i 've only ever ordered from there but i 'd still recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "d\u00e9cor chaleureux et contemporain . accueil sympathique . le menu propose les classiques de la cuisine indienne . les plats sont savoureux . une bonne adresse indienne pour le plateau et le quartier latin . on y retourne ? oui , \u00e0 l'occasion . les adresses sur jean-talon ouest restent une r\u00e9f\u00e9rence de choix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like jade w. , my wife and mil were totally ignored while every other customer entering the store were greeted in a friendly manner . that young lady has no idea just how they were gon na spend on gifts . for sure hawaii people will get an earful and i 'll sure pass the word on . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife is at the store shopping as i am writing this . mandy , is the sales associate who helped us , we bought about a lot 9f stuff and she was supper helpful , bringing out everything and showing us several otems . i could n't be happier with the service and we 'll be back here again next time we 're visiting vegas . thanks mandy , you 're the best ! us , the marrying couple : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ooooh ! ! pretty sparkly things ... unfortunately this pretty sparkly store did n't have a lot of stuff at pretty prices . : ( i 'm surprised its located in an outlet mall ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love swarovski ! so pleased to learn vegas had an outlet store when here for vacation and business . the sales guy was great- friendly , and making jokes . he was also very helpful , sold me an iphone case for five dollars . i found a pair of earrings for 25 % off and necklaces were 50-70 % off with other promotions . the outlet mall is also outdoors and very nice ; well worth the uber from the strip or fremont street !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was able to find a gift for a relative who has everything ... something sparkly from the swarovski store ! the merchandise in this outlet store are not discontinued styles but the prices are slightly reduced compared to the mall store . i would come here again when in town . the only reason i could n't rate this higher is because of their limited selection . if you have your mind set on a particular style , you might get disappointed because of the limited selection , otherwise , you 're sure to find something nice here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible experience . the store clerk will only give one word answer and not friendly at all . my wife found a picture frame and decide to buy it . but they only have one in stock . when the clerk took it out the exterior box was broken so she asked the clerk for a new box and was told very rudely 'no ' . i asked her what kind of customer service training does swarovski give and she has no answer just give us a nasty look . we leave without making the purchase and nevertheless we will never set foot in that store ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome black friday sales ! all store items were on 50 % - 75 % sales . be sure to check all the purchased items carefully before paying , 2 items i bought had minor problems but luckily we found out while the staff inspect the items : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great deal all around today . if you 're looking for a great gift items this is the place to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like coming to this store when they have 50 % to 75 % off and i mean the prices are unbeatable . i was surprised they had an outlet for this store in vegas . i always come here to do my all year long shopping for my mother on the hello kitty collection at 50 % off . i always find some jewelry here for myself as well because they have mens collections too . the service here with the women is really friendly and even gave me an advise to purchase a coupon book for the coupon to use in their store to save an extra 20 % off on one single item .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son has been scared of haircuts for about 18 months . the last 2 attempts at other places have been failures - we had to walk out before we could even cut a piece of hair . i was told to try this place as they have a special set up for kids ! with all of the distractions for kids , he finally allowed someone to cut his hair ! zachariah did a great job being patient while my little one got a little anxious at times . my son 's hair looks great and we got out of there without any crying !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay first of all this is cost cutters ! i 'm paying $ 15 dollars for a haircut not $ 40 . i just ca n't help but laugh at people who wanted a more `` luxurious '' experience ... from cost cutters . i get in quick , the people are friendly , it 's cheap , and no one has really messed up my hair . i also like that they cut my hair dry because then they are cutting it in the form it usually is in instead of long , straight , and wet . they also cut my boyfriends hair and have yet to screw it up like other places have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was referred to this location by a friend and was able to pick up lease a new car from them . there were no gimmicks or lies that most other dealerships would put you through . transaction was smooth from beginning to end . sales , financial manager and sales manager all responded to any questions i had through e-mail and text even after hours . my car even had a big ass red bow on it when i went to pick it up . too bad i could n't keep the bow lol . the dealership is clean and well lit . waiting area had beverages , couches and tv for your wait . i would n't hesitate to recommend anyone to purchasing a car from this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my a1 service and they were very accommodative because usually they do n't do their `` quick service loop '' on mondays because one one tech is working , but they still took me in right away . customer service is pretty good here , but the only thing i would recommend to the management is that you tell your customer when the service is done ! my car has n't been in the bay for 20 mins and i 've been waiting for someone to approach me ! when i asked they said it was done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the place to go for authentic japanese ; they even have a special japanese-specific menu that 's not normally given out that has a ton of good stuff on it . i 've been here 3 or 4 times in the past month with my wife and the food is always excellent , and the staff always friendly . prices are reasonable . if you 're looking for super-americanized sushi they can make it but you 'll be better off at ra kona grill or somewhere where the club music is blasting at eight million db .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff was friendly but i was not impressed with the quality of the food . i ordered the philadelphia , boston , and spicy tuna rolls and i 've had much better rolls at other restaurants .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great ! good , simple , and fast . we live across the street from this place . we always drove by but never stopped . we decided to go one day and we never stopped going .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "( got dinner takeout ) teriyaki chicken was a good amount and tasted good though was just the same as you could get at the mall ( for half the price ) . chicken karaage was five small dry and overcooked thigh nuggets with no sauce of any kind . paid $ 10.50 for each dinner which consisted of one of those types of chicken , white rice , a half cup of miso soup and a way too much wet iceberg mix tossed on top of the chicken which watered-down the teriyaki . blech ! employees were very friendly and environment was nice . if the meals were priced to reflect what you get , this could be a nice place for those quick dinners when you dont feel like cooking but is too high priced for daily fare and not enough umph for a special , higher priced dinner out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little place . nice service and pretty acceptable prices . the teriyaki was a bit bland but made up for it with its perfect preparation on the cook . sushi was good , they over cooked one of the rolls but where nice enough to take it off the bill . what made my meal was the s & m roll . that was scary good . one of the best rolls from here to maryland . i will be back for that roll . i also got salmon sashimi and was delighted to find how fresh and melt in your mouth it was . i will not be back for the teriyaki but i will be back for a lunch date or two .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very quality japanese food restaurant . i generally get sushi but the occasions where i 've gotten a don or lunch combo have n't disappointed . they have rolls and daily specials that change all the time so it 's worth coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great authentic japanese restaurant . everything taste great and all freshly cook served . toshi the owner has a great personality . the dishes he made simply representing his way of treating life - carefully designed and enjoy it to the fullest . we started visiting maggie and toshi 's little restaurant 3 or 4 years ago and we never stop going back since then . my friends like them , my wife and my daughter like them and of course , i like them very very much ! if you are looking for authentic japenese cuisine here in the sun valley , you have to come and try out toshi 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for great sushi based on the reviews and found a mediocre experience . this is n't a place you will find fresh seafood , with innovation . you will find lots of imitation crab though and one highlight was the service was impeccable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "complete crooks . i took my car to the ntb on route 8 because it was over heating . the only reason i took it there was because this all happen on new years eve 2016 and not many other places were open . not long after dropping it off they called me with a litany of things that were needed to fix my car . the upper bypass pipe was broke ( which was true ) . it would be 2 hours of labor and the cost of a new part ... but it also `` needed '' a new belt , tensioner , 2 radiator hoses , and a bunch of other crap . the total came to $ 1,024 ! i took my car to fran saban about 3 miles south of ntb . $ 180 later my car was back on the road . i would never ever recommend ntb . they will lie to you and rip you off . very dishonest !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a bunch of clowns . attempt to force you to purchase 4 tires only . refused to sell me 2 . thanks for wasting my time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased new tires from this store . as a female , i feel like unneeded services are pushed on me which is not unusual in this industry , but always disappoints me regardless . this ntb was no different . less than 3 weeks after installation , my left rear tire developed a slow leak , so i called and brought it back . they stated they were unable to find a leak but that they refilled it and remounted it anyway in case the seal was bad . less than an hour on the road , my low tire light came back on . i took it to a different ntb , and low and behold.. there was a nail in it , plain as day ... which makes me question if they even looked at it when i returned it . thankfully there was no injury , and i was n't stranded anywhere along the road . i appreciate ntb , but wow has the service been going down hill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good place ! ! i have always appreciated good service ! ! pricey but is n't any certified mechanic expensive ! ! if you get their tires get the roadside insurance with the tires ! ! i used it ! ! good place and as any they try and oversell ... ..but if you need it repaired get it done ! safety is always better ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am thrilled to have finally found a dental office ! this is the third dentist i have been to in surprise . after another office recommended expensive laser deep cleaning treatments , i went to dr. wellman for a second opinion . they listened to my concerns and after a thorough yet painless exam , determined that root planing was unnecessary at this time . dr. wellman and his staff are all extremely nice and helpful and i could not be happier with my treatment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have moved from kansas and was needing to find a local dentist . when i called to make a appointment they got me in right away ! i went in today for my regular schedule cleaning . i could n't find the office and whenever i called they answered right away and stayed on the phone till i found it ( which is good cause i would of passed it ) the 2 ladies at the front desk were very friendly . i was confused on my insurance and they called and got it all figured out for me . the lady that did my x-rays and cleaning was also very friendly and in a good mood . explaining everything she was doing and very gentle . once the dentist came in he was also very friendly . unfortunately i have some cavities , the dentist showed me the x-ray of the cavities and answered any questions i had . when i was making my appointment to get the fillings taken care of i was able to get in right away . i think i definitely found my new dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. wellman is thorough , gentle , and incredibly nice . his staff is nothing short of the same . this comes from a person whose dentist had been my dad for most of my life so i have lofty expectations . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this office through a web search . had our first appointment yesterday . very pleasant , professional people . so happy that we now have an az dentist after relocating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. wellman is a great dentist ! his staff is friendly and really puts you at ease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently took my 2006 lexus into be serviced . adam and mark were very friendly and helpful . i feel like the price was quoted for the work to be done was accurate and fair , the communication about my repair was excellent and the timeline i was given for the repair was spot on ! in addition to the work which i took my car in to be completed , they showed me how truly low the treads were on my tires which saved me from a potential accident . definitely a fan of the personnel and service at wilhelm automotive litchfield park", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , affordable , and honest ... are we still talking about mechanics ! ? yup . these guys are legit , could have taken me for a wad of cash for a full ac job , but ended up only needing a line flush and recharge . i will be going back . they even shuttled me to from the house while the repair work was being done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two years ago i moved to the west valley from iowa . i was very fortunate to find wilhelm automotive to provide me with auto service . i have found them to be extremely competent and courteous , always willing to give me a quote , work with used parts i may have purchased elsewhere and discuss options . glad i stumbled on them early on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here three times since moving to the west valley . service has met quotes and time schedules and one urgent drop off . staff is professional . we 'll keep coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff are friendly and honest . it 's difficult to find an auto repair shop that works with hybrid vehicles especially one that is affordable . i would recommend making an appointment , they are busy because they are good at what they do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 14 2014 frank coleman the people at wilhelm are very pleasant to deal with , and they do a wonderful job . i have been going to wilhelm for many years and i do n't plan on going anywhere else anytime soon ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time i brought a vehicle here . the only issue i have is the `` diagnose fee '' that does n't apply towards the repair cost if a customer decides to go `` foward '' with a repair . otherwise i get it ... . other then that customer service is great and so far i did n't have to bring back the vehicles for the same issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to wilhelm after looking up reviews here on yelp . there were so many excellent ones , thought i better at least get a quote . i was a little concerned because i have a jaguar , but they knew exactly what to do and took care of it right away . not only was the quote very reasonable , each person i dealt with was completely professional , yet made me feel as if they really cared . they picked me up and dropped me off which is so rare these days , and even did a couple of extra things without charging me ! thank goodness i found such a great place with people i feel like i can trust ! we will continue to take our cars there and feel comfortable recommending them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always receive great service when i go to wilhelm and this location was no different . the staff is always friendly and responsive and the work is done in a timely manner . i would absolutely recommend this or any other wilhelm location for any car related needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is difficult today to find genuine honest people to work on your vehicle but these folks are . i brought in my 2010 chevy equinox as a service light came on . the had the issue diagnosed within an hour and it turned out is was a chevy `` non recall issue '' that i should have been informed of by gm but never received any notification from gm . they printed out a copy of the notification , and suggested i contact gm as it might be covered . i picked the vehile up and to my surprise there was no bill due from wilhelm , not even a charge for the diagnostic ! the issue was covered under gm warranty extension for the problem and was done by gm at no charge but wilhelm could have ignored the information they had and charged my $ 1200 or so for the new timing chain and fuel pump and i would have been none the wiser . i highly recomend wilhelm automotive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to wilhelm for almost 7 years now . they are reliable , trustworthy and honest . i do n't think i would trust my car with anyone else . the manager , jim , is as good as it gets , and i hope the owners realize what an excellent person they have running their front office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` crooks '' stay away from these criminals . had my truck towed for transmission problems . they quoted me $ 4800 for a new transmission ( of course i needed a new transmission ) i called the ford dealer and over the phone they quoted me $ 3800 for a new transmission . i call wilhelm back and they said `` hmm that 's strange '' so i told them not to touch my truck and they said well we already took it apart and charged me $ 380 for what they have already done . the new shop said it was never opened at all because it had the original dipstick plug in it from the factory . please do not go to this shop they will rip you off promise ! buyer beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fixed my vw problem quickly and at half the price the vw dealer quoted", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goes above and beyond ! ! ! the wilhelm team is an outstanding crew . i took my truck in for service on a friday and it was ready for pickup on monday . i went to the office to settle the bill and asked if they can just leave it parked outside so that my husband and i can come back later in the evening to pick it up and drop off a rental car . jerry offered to actually drive my vehicle to my home and drop it off for me . who does that ? ! ? ! it has been nothing less than outstanding customer service with this team ... each and every time i 've been to their shop . a friend of mine recommended this shop to last year and i can honestly say that my experiences ( as well as my husband 's ) has been nothing short of excellent . i would recommend them to anyone . thank you joe , jim , and jerry for taking care of the byrd fam ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional & honest . turns out my car did not have an issue despite the `` idiot light '' warning . wilhelm did thorough diagnosis and needed no repair . thanks for the rides and your help . i am very grateful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice people , friendly service ... going back soon for me ... lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": ". sandwiches and capriotti 's steak i am one of still full i had 4 hours later . i guess it 's a medium . good thing not the that i ordered sandwich the small filling and delicious but not for the faint of heart . urp . mmm , sweet peppers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you decide to become a vegetarian , you realize that there are some sacrifices you are going to have to make in the food department . when i became veg , veggie burgers were made by mixing this powder with water and frying it in a pan . it was horrible . i pretty much ate grilled cheese for the first year . now , fifteen years later , capriotti 's ... holy shit ! ! ! veggie turkey sub . tears of joy are streaming down my face at this very moment . it 's like losing your virginity all over again , but this time its good ! real good ! for $ 7.75 i have the hugest , most delicious sub i have ever eaten in my life . such good quality ingredients , and this medium is huge ! they also have new york kettle style chips , which are delish , but you definitely do n't need them when you have 12 '' of veggie turkey sub staring you down . my life seriously just changed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vegans , beware ! when i first started going here i asked specific questions about the `` veggie '' meat , was it vegan ? did it contain any dairy or egg ? etc . i was assured that it was absolutely vegan and a 100 % soy product . i recently heard that their `` veggie '' meat contained egg whites . i called up and asked them to please look at the ingredient list to verify this and sure it enough it contained egg whites ! ! i am so upset that that the owner manager of this shop was so ignorant that he could profess the vegan wonders of this `` veggie '' meat to me knowing that it was not . i 'm appalled by the false pretense and all the times i ate here unknowingly putting things in my body which are not ok with me . what if i had been deathly allergic to eggs ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so much better than subway or the other pretenders . a 9-inch sandwich for $ 6.75 is awesome and more than enough food , and not just a bread filler . locally owned , i met the guy today at lunch and actually told him about yelp so he 'll be checking his reviews out , but he was really nice as were the guys taking orders and making the food . this place gets busy at lunch as the business people around know where to eat when it 's good . i 've heard a few of my cop buddies say how good it is too and they weed out all the bad places pretty quick . anyways , the sandwiches are really good and all the meat , cheeses and all the fixin 's are really fresh and always plentiful on your sandwich . and look for the `` bobby '' ... it 's like your whole thanksgiving dinner exploding in your mouth ... turkey , stuffing and cranberry sauce ... i 'm serious it 's so good . enjoy guys ... it 's really good food for a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's pretty exciting when you go into a sub shop and they offer vegetarian cheese `` steak '' sandwich . i 've never had a cheese steak sandwich , so as i was driving back to the office , with my sandwich in tow , i kept peeking in the bag thinking , `` is this real ? '' yes it was , and it was fantastic ! i was expecting a greasy cheesy mess , but that was n't the case at all . the `` meat '' and peppers were perfectly cooked to order and topped with real cheese , not cheese whiz . i had them add mushrooms , which was a solid choice , well worth the extra buck . the bread was very soft inside with a little crunch to crust , similar to italian bread . needless to say , i enjoyed every bite of my $ 10 sandwich . the best part may have been seeing my co-workers jaws drop at the sight of me eating `` meat '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here the day i found out i had vertigo . true story . it 's now part of my history . i woke up and instantly thought 'did i get drunk last night and i dont remember ? ' not the case , i had to have my mom pick me up and if i remember correctly i had to scoot down the 3 flights of apartment stairs so that i would n't fall . if only someone recorded that and put it on youtube ... anywho , after the dr. said it was vertigo causing my issues , i got to go home but i was hungry and wanted a sandwich . all of the nurses said to go here . so my mom drove me and bought me lunch . : ) the turkey is some of the best i have had ! ! they seriously packed the sandwich so thick with layers of divine turkey . they had a sandwich related to thanksgiving and i need to try it , and lots of goodies from the east coast that we do n't typically see in az . i will totes be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can assure you that i was pretty much the biggest pain in the ass customer in the history of this place . mainly because they put coleslaw on their sandwiches , and i really detest coleslaw . but when i found out just how prohibitive that was , i relented and ordered the capastrami ( i think ) which was pastrami , swiss , russian dressing , and coleslaw . and much to my surprise , it was actually really damn good . please note : this is the first time in about 25 years that i 've voluntarily eaten coleslaw . but it worked with the sandwich , and worked well . they have a sandwich on the menu , the bobbie , that is turkey , cranberry sauce , stuffing , and one other thing and they claim that that is a really great sandwich . perhaps next time ... although i might have a hard time forgoing the capastrami .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everytime we 're even near the i-10 and chandler blvd , we stop here and get sandwiches . why ? veggie meats ! ! ! ! they have veggie turkey , veggie hamburger and even veggie chicken . there 's nowhere else ( that i know of in phx ) that you can get a deli sub made with veggie meats ... especially this kind of quality . we always order the largest size : a whopping 20 inches , which we can usually get 2-3 meals out of . and of course their signature subs : the `` bobbie '' ( w cranberry sauce , stuffing , and turkey ) and the `` cole turkey '' ( w cheese , turkey , and cole slaw ) make this the ultimate veggie sandwich shop . yummy ! p.s . call ahead and order ... you 'll be glad you did when the line 's out the door !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the capastrami was amazing . i 'm not a sub or sandwich person but i believe its the sub bread that made this so great . it was fresh as if it just came out of the oven and light - not dense . flavors were terrific and the pastrami was wonderful . this place is practically around the corner from my house and i 'll come back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lately i 've been going to eat to places that have 4-5 stars and everyone raves about them ! ! and just like when someone tells me that a movie is the best ever ! ! ! ! my expectations are very high , i watch it and more often that not , i 'm disappointed . i 'm glad to say that capriotti 's did n't disappointed me at all ! i had a capistrami and it was delicious ! also , it was the smaller size ( 9inches ) and it was huge ! big enough to share , but being that i was very hungry and i do n't like to save a sandwich with coleslaw for later ... .well , i ate it all ! i agree though with other reviews that mentioned the bread could be better . luckily the great filling made up for the not as great bread . service was good and the guys behind the counter were very nice as well . the price is fair since the sandwiches are huge . i 'll definitely come back to try other sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here multiple times during lunch , and although the bobby sandwich is good , this place feels pretty dirty . on the most recent trip , the order was completely wrong and the individual behind the counter was less than thrilled to correct it . wo n't waste my money here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went in to this restaurant at 7:40 pm . ( closing time on door said 8 ) there were two young men behind the counter . both looked at us when we walked in but did n't acknowledge us . one guy cleaning the grill was cursing telling the other guy a story . neither one of them cared we were there . the other guy was putting bread away . we stood there for 5 mins without anyone helping us out even saying they would be with us in a min . worst customer service . it smelled like rotting fish and the floors were so dirty . we decide to leave . we ended up going next door to qdoba . great customer service there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new sub shop ... so i had heard good things about this spot i entered the shop at about 7:15 and they say they are open till 8:00 all the chairs were up and it looked closed ... but i pulled the door open and entered and stood at the counter and someone come from the back . i knew what i wanted i ordered ... ( the bobbie - homemade turkey , cranberry sauce , stuffing and mayo . i rate the food as followed . the bobbie - b+ it was a really good sub the bread was super fresh but the turkey was a bit dry like it would be after thanksgiving ... each bit reminded me of things i have made with leftovers from thanksgiving . i will be back again to get another bobbie when i miss home at 2am after the bars when i am home for thanksgiving and have only leftovers to work with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been here through their `` rush '' hours , so service has always been fast and friendly . capastrami - hot pastrami , cole slaw , swiss cheese , and russian dressing with sweet peppers . i ca n't get past ordering anything else when i come here . quality through and through . one of these days i 'll try their famous `` bobbie '' ( tryptophan coma here i come ) ... or maybe i 'll just have to go gal vs. food and order the capastrami and the bobbie ( tryptophan coma and the -itis )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed ... read how 'great ' this place was . how can you offer meatball subs and not have meatballs , but be told `` we can put marinara on a sandwich if you want '' ? visited for the 1st time today ... very disappointed : - 1st of all no meatballs - dirty tables and no wait staff cleaning them ; had to do it ourselves - really small trash cans jammed to the brim - nasty ! - food , napkins on floor - gross - no condiments available ( you have to ask ) - one napkin holder on the main counter ... come on ... - some high school kid taking orders cooking with a wild 'fro and almost no hair netting ... nasty ii the guy that owns this needs to go visit fore father 's in tempe to see a clean , well run operation . fore father 's cheesesteaks are delicious compared to this dump . off my list for good , i am not going back and can not recommend this place to anyone ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i must agree with some of the other reviewers , that the place is nice and all but the sandwiches are nothing special . i mean they are very basic , and there is nothing wrong with that , but if i want a basic sandwich i will make it myself . the reason for the poor star quantity is the fact that if i had to choose between this place and subway , i 'd choose the latter because it 's cheaper and tastier - and that is n't what you want to hear if you are in the cutthroat making-sandwiches-industry . i truly went in here to test something new , and it was around lunch and could go for a sandwich ( i mean really , when could you not go for a sammie.. right ? ! ) . middle of the road . not bad , far from amazing . i would n't bother . service was decent though . all smiles and an interest to serve , but smiles and intentions a good sandwich does not make .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good bread and i always get the supreme cheese steak , , , not sure what it is , but this place is special , , awesome flavors , fresh soft bread , ... . little pricy , and a large , is large almost good for 3 ppl ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i heard about capriotti 's from my partner who discovered them while in las vegas for work ; decided to try them out several months ago . the sandwiches are very good , and when i ate meat , i enjoyed the bobbie . however , since becoming vegetarian almost one year ago , i had n't had the opportunity to dine here again . that was until i discovered they have vegetarian options ! i returned a few days ago for lunch and sampled the veg turkey sub as well as the veg cheesesteak sub . both were pretty good ; i really enjoyed my lunch . the cheesesteak was ordered with mushrooms and was full of cheesy-oniony-peppery goodness but i think i preferred the veg turkey sandwich for its simplicity . worth a shot if you happen to be in this part of chandler . ( note- they do cook the veg cheesesteak on the same grill that they cook their real meat on , be forewarned if this bothers you.. although it clearly states this on the menu . request if they can cook it on a freshly cleaned , different part of the grill . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten here too many times to count and all i can say is amazing food and great service . thanks to the senior vp jason in vegas telling me about this place on twitter or else i would never have found it . i love the capastrami , the bobby and italian .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of sub sandwiches , so i was excited to try this place . while i feel like the ingredients are definitely quality , the one thing i ca n't get past is the use of a sweet slaw as an ingredient instead of lettuce . i am not a fan of sweet coleslaw and much prefer a vinegar slaw . even salt ca n't help me out . so , if you like sweet coleslaw , i think you 'll really like these subs . but if not , this is n't going to thrill you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite sandwich place ! the sandwiches are incredible . the use shredded beef and turkey that gives the sandwich so much more flavor . the people working there are always plesant and helpful . i have tried several and have never been disappointed . they are large sandwiches and great for sharing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what happened i used to love this place ? got so so sick after eating here last night . it was a horrible experience . last visits just not the same , obviously . off to find a new cheese steak place , when i can stomach it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had no idea this was so close to where i live . the sandwiches here never disappoint , the staff is always friendly and the price is unbeatable for what you get . my only reasoning for 4 instead of 5 stars is that i wish it were a smidge cleaner on the inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a jersey girl always on the hunt for a good cheesesteak that reminds me of home . most people do n't get it . thank you for making a cheesesteak that is pretty spot on for what i could get back home . i 'll be coming back , for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with a buddy who swears by the cheesesteaks . i opted for a turkey sandwich with coleslaw and swiss . i will say i was impressed that they roast whole turkeys here for the sandwicehs , so no thin processed turkey on teh sandwich . i would prefer if they baked their own bread , but that 's not a huge deal . i ordered the `` small '' sandwich , that was stil huge ! all in all , good turkey sandwich", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . the sandwiches are unique and fresh and always made right in front of you . the service has always been good and the prices are reasonable ( same as any other sandwich shop ) . i have tried many of their sandwiches and enjoyed them , my favorite is the cheesesteak , but beware- the peppers are spicy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwich is such a good deal if you get the 20 '' sub . i got the turkey sandwich the first time and added vinegar and oil as dressing . the turkey was very dry and needed a pastier or more liquid dressing to season but the vegetables on the sandwich were fresh and complemented the vinegar and oil well . the second time i got the italian sausage with mushrooms . this took a while to come out but the taste was worth the wait . the sauce was a fresh tomato paste that was warm and tangy on the greasy and delicious sausage . the mushrooms were a great add since it creates a certain texture and flavor that swirls in the mouth well . the bread both times was soft and great tasting as it is white bread . the decor and place itself are a bit drab but i think they expect people to take it out more often than not . this sandwich place is very delicious and i would recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this sandwich place ! they have several vegetarian options and the sandwiches are huge ! the veggie philly cheese steak is amazing and i would eat them everyday if i could . they are fast and very friendly as well . i have been to several locations and they are consistently delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a hot sausage sandwich with peppers , provolone and marinara and it was delicious . great take-out place with wide range of cold and hot sandwiches . i prefer ordering from the hot list .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you will not be disappointed ! huge sandwiches for very reasonable prices . i feel like the bobbie was created for me- turkey , stuffing , cranberries , and mayo . it 's definitely a nap waiting to happen , but so delicious ! the mayo adds that extra little touch . cheesesteaks are also fantastic , chicken or steak . it 's the real deal , so be prepared to wait a little longer for one of these . if you order anything other than a small , be prepared to have a second meal later . this place hides in a strip mall near the brazilian bull and dunkin donuts . saving the 5th star because a place like this really needs to either stay open late or deliver for those sudden turkey cravings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "# 1 reason why i love this place ... . drumroll they have the most delicioius vegetarian sandwiches ! and i do n't mean just bread and a bunch of veggies , but they have a delicious meatless `` turkey '' which tastes like the real thing , but it 's been so long i do n't remember what the real thing tastes like anymore . anyway , very very good hearty sandwiches . definitely try this place out if you 're in a mood for a good sandwich , oh and i guess the real meat ones are supposed to be good too , ha . try this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "capastrami ... .that 's all i need to say . i love this sandwich . it is a beautiful symphony of flavor and texture . the salty pastrami contrast perfectly with the sweet russian dressing , you have a mildly crusty roll mixed with the creamy crispy coleslaw . and the melted swiss is always a great touch . be warned , if you get the large or bigger , you will be legally placed in a food coma . if pastrami is n't your thing , get the bobbie with extra cranberry . it 's like a handheld thanksgiving train that takes your straight to flavor town . you wont be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a mushroom cheese steak . normally a very tender juicy sandwich . not this time . tough and dry . trainee needs more supervision and training .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "initial appearance is clean . no public restroom . simple menu . friendly employees . this was my first time , so i had some questions on the menu . employees explained with a smile . i had the capristrami . pastrami , cole slaw , and their russian sauce . tastes great . just shy of $ 8 . so , with a small sandwich and a drink , the damage was about $ 11 . overall , for the money and the sandwich ... .i would have rather went to subway to save a couple bucks . so , nothing too special . if your in the area , great ... ..but i would n't go outta my way for the place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "outstanding sandwiches ! the capistrami and slaw-b-joe 's rock ! moreover , nobody can come close to the bread that they use . capriotti 's would deliver sandwiches to our little league snack stand , and they were always snapped up within minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bobbi sandwich rocks my world . leftover thanksgiving turkey sandwiches are my absolute favorite.. and capriotti 's has them all year round . massive chunks of turkey ( none of that deli slices shit , actual turkey breast ) , cheese , mayo , cranberry sauce . gianormous piece of deliciousness . i do n't care to order anything else but the bobbi . i have tried , nothing else on that menu is equally delicious . best cold sandwich you will ever try . advice : avoid lunch hour , its crazy busy and takes forever to get your order ( hence the 3 stars ) . do n't dine in . they only have 3 tables in there and it does n't add anything to the experience . not cheap either , when compared to jason 's deli or subway . 7-8 $ easily ... which is why i come here for something i ca n't get anywhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the chicken sandwich and it was delicious . i thought this was a small business but i learned it is a pretty big corporation . no problem , it was better than expected . i will probably go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mushroom cheesesteak with provolone & mayo , a bag of wise chips , and a coke . does n't that sound appetizing ? i pretty much get the same thing every single time i come here . they make my cheesesteak exactly they way i prefer my cheesesteak sandwich . call in your order before driving there if you are impatient . either way , it 's worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally overrated ... the subs are nothing special with flavor or quality . yes , better than subway but there are way better sandwich places - quiznos is better and i do n't go there either unless someone else insists . there are at least 5 better places , not even considering grocery stores have better quality and selection !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the capistrami is the best thing ever . hot pastrami , swiss cheese , cole slaw and a russian dressing . i 'm addicted to this sandwich , but of course , there are worse vices . this sandwich screams 'eat me ' even when i 'm completely full . it 's okay , the pain i feel later is justified by how amazing it tasted earlier . they have a good selection of chips and also make fresh baked cookies . service is on par . love it . if i had to pick one gripe , the bread could probably be a little bit better , but that 's minor in light of how great the food is here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst sandwich i have ever had . got the roast beef sub . so dry like eating cardboard . took 2 bites and threw the rest away . never again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all i 'm gon na say is capastrami sandwich . love it and miss it . can someone send one over to fort wayne , in ? i 'm preggers and need a fix . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely unprofessional staff . filthy restaurant . went there a couple months ago at 7:50 on a friday evening ( i guess they close at 8 ) . stood there for about 2 minutes and finally realized that the kids behind the counter had no intentions of acknowledging us . they could have even said hey we are closing in ten minutes and have cleaned up our areas we are sorry . nope ! that 's what happens when you hire kids and do n't train them to interact with customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my absolute favorite sandwich out ! the capistrami is so addicting and tasty . i 've ventured out a little and tried the bobby and the cheesesteak which are also great but i always come back for the capistrami !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummo ! thanks to my hubby for introducing me to this sandwich shop ! this not your ordinary sub shop ! they make their turkey and roast beef and shred it fresh ! so awesome compared to sliced meat ( less sodium and preservatives this way ) . i love the homemade turkey sub and my husband loves the bobby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i lived closer to this place - i would eat the bobby every week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid place , 4 stars , simple cheese steak , noting fancy , good taste . big sandwiches . it is definitely worth the try , do n't count it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with my order . the fountain drinks had a really odd taste , especially the diet dr. pepper . dr. pepper is my drink of choice at a fountain machine , and it just did n't taste right here . both the regular and diet were off . the mountain dew was odd as well . i ordered the pastrami sandwich without the slaw . for nearly $ 9 i was expecting something of higher quality . to be fair , pastrami is not something i usually order at a sandwich place . however , this restaurant considers it one of their specialties . the flavor was not like i 'm used to and i would never order it again . my boyfriend got doritos with his sandwich and they were definitely stale . he ordered the italian sandwich and said it was okay . i did n't try it , but it looked a lot better than my sandwich . the workers were pleasant , but i did n't like any of the food drink . i do n't plan on coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to eat at capriotti 's weekly but recently the food and service have gone way downhill . specifically it seems like they are trying to save money using cheap meat ( or at least it has a lot of gristle so that 's my guess ) . btw - if they get the quality back up - go for the mushroom cheesesteak .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've stopped in here periodically over the last several years and see a recurring theme . on my last visit i wait 20 minutes for two sandwiches . i tried to be patient , thinking that all the customers coming through the door had placed phone orders . finally had to ask where my food was ... the guy who took my order either lost it or tossed it . they took it again and i waited another 10 mins for them to fix it . when it was finally ready i did n't even get a discount , a free drink or comp 'd meal ... not even a `` we 're sorry '' . not terribly surprised . four stars for the food , 1 star for service , 1 star for cleanliness ... .averages out to 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "aside from the food being very delicious the customer service is top notch . the gentleman that took my order was named edgar and he was so friendly and patient ! i definitely appreciated that . i personally have never ordered anything besides the bobbie here because every time i walk in that 's what i have to get . i love that there are locations in arizona because i used to love to eat here when i visited vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and it was really good . i ordered the bobbie sandwich since i hear everyone raving about it . it was ok. not my favorite . place is really clean and was n't busy at all for lunch around 1130 . i like going to a place where i can get in and get out . staff was really friendly . they gave me this punch card.. buy 10 get the 11th free . very nice . about the same prices as subway so i was n't upset . plus the sizes of food are definitely moneys worth . at least i think . for anyone in the chandler area , this is definitely a place to stop in and try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their bobby sandwich ! have to stop here everytime we visit . so yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh . nice employees but the sandwich was nothing special . had the cole turkey . wish it would have been sliced deli turkey instead of chunks of turkey . i had a little trouble finding the place because the sign is very small . ca n't say that i 'll be back since there are so many other options for subs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "something has gone drastically wrong with this location . personally , i think it 's the staff . they look like i can buy a bag of pot w their less than amazing soup and sandwiches . bowl of soup ... ... bowl of water is more like it . was far from a bowl . more like a handful . considering my last visit in may , when i placed order for 3 platters for same day for important event but 5 hours later and none were ready and had to wait additional hour and demanded my credit card be credited , i will never ever return after today 's less than standard experience . mind you they credited my card for over $ 100 in may , i thought i 'd try again today . waste of my time and $ . also , dirty plates all over . wtf happened to you guys ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for dinner just before closing , steak sandwich was very good , the amount of meat on the sandwich was just right and the bread was soft and fresh . it was just before closing so i took my sandwich to go however i was not rushed and the guys there were very nice . i 'll be going back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmm ... . baby it 's cold outside but oh so hot & yum inside . tiny little sandwich shop that is big on smiles , service & customer satisfaction . the capistrami is ridiculously yummy and philly cheese steak was a vision of beauty ... or so says the pittsburgh guy . drive by & say hi ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to review this location since i 'd just given a less than stellar review of a different location ... the ahwatukee store rocks ! i guess since i 've always had really good food and service from this store , i 'd come to expect the others to be just as good . unfortunately , that is not the case . my usual is the chicken cheese steak w grilled mushrooms and onions , sweet peppers on the sandwich and hot peppers on the side . not many places around that you can order a chicken cheese steak where the chicken is actually sliced thin like a regular cheesesteak as opposed to big hunks of dried out chicken on a sandwich . i 've never had a bad one at this location . never . like i said they are consistently good - that 's why it was such a disappointment when twice at other locations the food was not as good as these guys make it here . i do n't think i 'll try another location again ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review begins and ends with the bobbie . the bobbie was introduced in 1989 at capriotti 's and is arguably their most popular sandwich . it features turkey , cranberry sauce , stuffing , and mayo . it 's like a portable thanksgiving dinner that can be enjoyed anywhere and at anytime of the year . i 'd love to add some info on their other sandwiches , but quite honestly , i 've never ordered anything but the bobbie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . bit overrated and over priced . unless it 's was my only choice , probably would n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best cheesesteaks i 've had since i left the northeast . love the food , but the tables could be cleaner -- hard to do though with that much greasy cheesesteaky awesomeness floating in the air .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "highly recommend the bobby , this sandwich shop always has the greatest service and the food is always fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jesus christ the employees were slow and rude . of course the food is great but the worst service . i have been to a bunch of capprioties in las vegas this was the worst experience so far .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had 2 people working the lunch rush , no brainer they need at least one more . i eat at capriottis all the time and it was my first trip to this location . i was severely underwhelmed and my sandwich was ok at best .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they did n't ask if i wanted the sweet peppers and onions on the cheesesteak . i totally forgot about it and remembered the second i opened up the butcher paper . the cheesesteak just was n't the same . the bobbie , was amazing though . 50 miles round trip to get here from north scottsdale - it was worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seriously , best sandwich i 've had in a while . definitely start with the bobbie . then work your way over to the other delicious things you can put in between pieces of bread . oh , they do salads too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time the other day . when i walked in i was overwhelmed by the spell of deep fryer grease . that smell actually stuck to me for an hour afterwords . the whole place did n't seem too clean and the table that i was sitting at was sticky . if i had had more time for my lunch i would 've went somewhere else . so i did give this place two stars because the sandwich was n't half bad . but i do feel it was still a bit overpriced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was born and raised in delaware - grew up with the original capriotti stores ! thoroughly enjoyed my second visit to this store in phoenix..reminded me so much of home , brought tears to my eyes . i am a vegetarian - ordered the veggie turkey and it was awesome - and - the bread - often tough to replicate the original from the east coast stores - was soft and delicious . the staff was very friendly , polite and prompt . mike , the manager , is from the original store on union street , in wilmington delaware . if you are looking for a real sub from the east coast , with friendly , great service , this is your place . i am so happy you are here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man they make a good sandwich here . the thanksgiving themed one is great as well as the pastrami . the bread is very tasty with the right amount of chew . its a small place , the kitchen grill takes up most of it . i will say a lil pricey but its def higher quality the the super chains out there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have heard about this place for several years from a friend , but never tried it until today . do n't make the same mistake i did . go here next time you want a real sandwich . real meat , not some roll of pressed stuff . my fresh turkey sub was great . the bread was good , and not to doughy . the pepper relish gave it a great zing . the prices are very fair for a sandwich made with real meat . this is now regular fast food sub shop sandwich . i am looking forward to trying several things on the menu here . the thanksgiving bobbi looks good . i 'll be back ... my old favorite at az sandwich company , who have been screwing up my orders lately , may not see me for a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a great little hole in the wall . yes , it is slightly run down . yes , the menu is cripplingly small . no , you should n't pass it up . we usually are on the look for the best pho . today after being sick we wanted something cleansing . the pho was light and not as flavorful as it could be . the menu did not include soft tendon which is one of our favorite pho meats , but there were a lot of things not on the menu . what was on the menu was this amazing bun cha which basically is a meat salad with noodles , shrimp , spring rolls , glazed pork , and shredded veg . it sounds like a lot is going on but all of the flavors together are very comforting . i would go back just for the bun cha . as for the pho ? i know i can find better in the queen city .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i came in the other day , the staff was all singing karaoke , pretty loudly . they then sat me under the speakers and continued to sing vietnamese pop songs without turning down the volume . it was pretty funny i must say . anyways my egg rolls ( cha gio ) were pretty bad . they were small and overly wrapped and fried . my broken rice ( com tam ) did n't seem that broken and the egg cake that came with it was disappointingly small . the pork chop they gave me was huge though . it was like half a pig . swear . interestingly seasoned too , not the normal sugar lemongrass you get on grilled viet pork . good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . i always get the # 4 with spring rolls . the pork is juicy and tasty and i love the sauce that comes with it . i always get take out so can speak to the service , but i love the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place definitely scared me a little at first . but , now i ca n't imagine my life without it . i had the pork vermicelli and it was awesome ! so tender and flavorful . the vermicelli was fresh and perfect . i also ordered the fresh squeezed lemonade and was pleasantly surprised . it 's not the cleanest place but you can buy lottery tickets , so , it 's a keeper ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently good burgers and fries . service is great ; the employees actually do n't seem to hate working there . the grilled vegetable sandwich is my go-to ; even though it 's basically grilled toppings , it 's still delicious . and i appreciate the lack of fake meat . note that although the menu does n't specify , the regular cheeseburger is actually a double patty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes . i love burgers . this is one of the places here in charlotte where i truly love eating at . a nice juicy burger with everything on it with green peppers , its awesome . this is one fast food joint where i truly enjoy the taste of a good burger . i 'm pretty sure there are a lot of better burgers out there in the world , but for a fast food joint this is a good place . nice interior , as all five guys usually are , peanuts are unlimited and fries are plentiful if you order . have a nice juicy burger here for lunch and go back to work as i do every once and a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling inside . i called ahead to order for lunch and my food was n't quite ready by the time i made it in . no worries , it was up in a jiffy . everyone was nice , made eye contact , and seemed genuinely happy that i was there . despite five guys ' rising prices , the burger is still worth it i suppose .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this five guys is located right by the arbor hills subdivision and in front of university research park . i love their hamburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches and the fries servings are big enough to feed a family of ten . the place is clean and never too crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge burgers ! ! and one small fry is enough to feed my family of three . very tasty food and good solid service . very yummy ! i dont think the yelp map is exactly correct though . but i guess close enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fyi , this place is now closed . no idea what happened . they were removing the stickers on the doors and a sign says permanently closed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great burger fries and service but very pricey . a burger fries and a drink cost me 15 bucks . this burger is delicious but 2nd to red robin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys just get it right , great burgers straight forward toppings hand cut fries.i 've eaten here on more than a few occasions with the family and everyone loves it.counter service is always polite and expeditious .enjoy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for some reason , i do n't know why this review has eluded me since this five guys is right across the street from my office . i have n't been in forever so i got a little cheeseburger with cajun fries the other day for lunch . burgers are made to order and i had all the free toppings on it so it was pretty large for a `` little . '' i guess the appeal of five guys has really died down in the past couple of years , i remember when people were raving about it and were all excited when five guys was in the neighborhood . i think it 's still a solid burger , but now-a-days i tend to lean more to a burger place with a little bit more selection and creative license with their burgers . do n't get me wrong , keeping it simple is totally key , and five guys does this super well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a fan of five guys where ever i 'm at ... and this one did n't disappoint . it has to be one of the nicest ones i 've ever been to . the only challenge i had was in finding it as it 's behind the shopping center ... but then the gps was ever diligent and got me there just fine . you will enjoy this location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "picked up an online order from here about 15 minutes before they closed , and they gave us the rest of the fries they had cooked up , which i thought was nice . their burgers have always been great and consistent . the only thing i did n't like was that all the fries were kind of soggy , but maybe i just got a bad batch because they were the end-of-day fries lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like five guys and this location conforms to my expectations from other locations . they give us plenty of fries . the burgers have all the toppings we ordered . everything tasted great . five guys is a chain and i do n't want to write too much unless it is about how this location stands out from another location . if you have n't been to five guys it is a good burger with as much toppings as you want .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burgers ever . i know its fast food , but this is probably my favorite restaurant", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best burger joint in charlotte . i 've been to several locations in charlotte and pretty much have the same experience in all of them . menu is small and to the point . nothing fancy here , just big delicious and very messy burgers . the fries are good too , just wish they had a smaller size . three people can eat out of the small .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always good fresh juicy burgers . they are a bit over price , but i 'll pay it because they are delicious . i really wish this burger joint had milkshakes , i mean a burger joint needs milkshakes . if you have a peanut allergy like my son , stay away as the fries are cooked in peanut oil and peanuts are in open boxes in the dining area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a big fan of melt in cleveland heights , and there is obviously similarities between this one and that one , but it 's just not the same . there is always twice as much bread as the other ingredients , and i find myself craving some of the specialties like parmageddon or the mighty macaroni , but of course they do n't have those ones here . i do enjoy the awesome noodle # 1 salad , but sometimes i just want something a little more ... cheesy . also , sometimes the staff here can be preoccupied with other things , like chatting to each other , so it can take a while to get your order . just plan ahead if you are stopping here before class or something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the food and the service . my only complaint is the lack of available parking spots . the first time i 've been there , i had to park almost a block away from the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for being a melt it is n't that good the fries are too hard two sandwiches are n't made like the other melts this typical college campus", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the menu seems to change seasonally . however , the price for a simple order of fries remains cheap - only $ 2 for a plate of fries ! salty , greasy , and simply amazing ! eat them while they 're hot , because once they start to cool off , they become more solid , chunky , and just blech .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a terrible meal . the case western chicken barbecue melt : texas toast bread soaked in fake butter and toasted with barely 2 tablespoons of shredded bbq chicken on it and some melted cheese . the barbecue flavor was too sweet . the french fries that came with it were mushy . the tomato soup tasted like it was made with ketchup . all that in a metallic , cold cafeteria style environment made it just plain inedible . this soup and sandwich plus a mound of soggy fries , with only water , cost $ 16 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "challenging and fun ! the cult of mithras was my second escape room experience and i had a blast . the clues were not easy at all and there were no gimmes but it was thrilling to see it all come together . unfortunately we did not finish in the hour time but we still enjoyed ourselves.this location is nice and clean if we were n't timed i would have stayed longer , there 's water available as well as public restroom to take advantage of before your session begins . chris was our game master and he was great ! i can not wait for the new rooms at this location to open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did the cult of mithras room with a group of 7 , we had tons of fun ! not too easy and not impossibly challenging . i appreciated how this escape room did n't just have a bunch of locks keys codes to solve problems . there were a variety of problem solving situations involved . one of the better escape rooms in az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to a several.of these escape rooms ( sf , east bay , denver , la , etc . ) and this was one of the best ones ! the host there was super funny , and absolutely the best we have encountered with one joke after another . we also liked the fact that we , the party of 8 , could participate in looking for different clues , whereas some escape rooms the game was more linear and a few of us had to wait around while one clue was being solved at a time . we had a slight twchnical difficulty that he was able to resolve right away ! hands down , one of the most awesome escape rooms out there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this definitely a top notch escape room game . i have played a few other escape room games before , this place rises above the competition . it 's very well designed and well thought out , puzzles are mostly original and fun , challenging yet not so hard that it does n't get frustrating . we managed to finish the game with 9 minutes left on the clock . had so much fun . i ca n't wait to come back and play other games too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time in the cell ! we had a group of 6 , it was quite challenging , but we had a blast ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did a test run of x-child the newest addition to dare to escape , az with some friend and it was very fun . you are divided into 2 groups and start in separate rooms and i would say around 4 people in each group are good . dare to escape , az got feedback from our test run to improve the game so it will be an even more thrilling experience but it was a great time with many puzzels to solve !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my third escape room so far . i love this concept - so much more fun than the typical dinner and a movie date night or girls night out . i do n't want to give away any spoilers , but this one has the coolest technology and some big surprises . it 's great for kids and adults . my heart was racing at the end !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cult of mithras game in this location is definitely the next level of room escape games . it has a wide variety of puzzles that i have never seen in any other escape game . the game really has a scenario and they motivate you with a nice video on the game scenario before the game . the design of the room , objects , puzzles are all in a harmony with the game scenario . puzzles were both challenging and entertaining . i was surprised by all the details in the game and room design . we played as a group of 6 and all of us loved the game . i would definitely recommend this place and their first game ( they say more games are coming soon as well ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've done a lot of escape rooms around the valley , but dare to escape 's rooms are by far the best ! cult of mithras and x-child ( which we broke the records on ! ) utilized the most creative puzzles , riddles , and devices that our group has encountered in az . some of the secrets in the rooms actually left us with a sense of awe and wonder ! i 'd say the rooms strike the perfect balance between making you think outside the box and communicate with your team while avoiding frustrating , ridiculously-hard and obscure problems that are impossible to solve . loved the themes of the rooms as well and ca n't wait to return for the cell ! these are the best escape rooms in az that we 've encountered and i would definitely recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need some variety in your date night or outings with friends , here 's your chance . i have never done anything like this before so it was definitely a new experience . the facility is in a nice and quiet business park . had absolutely no trouble getting to it and is in a very nice area . myself and some friends did both rooms while we were there and had an absolutely amazing time . the staff is friendly and accommodating . answered all of our questions and comments . when you get stuck during your game they give hints just useful enough to get you going , but not so useful that you figure it all out . it is a challenge for sure but it is also a blast . if you need some new form of entertainment or are just tired of the same old thing . go here and enjoy yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to first room cult of mithras a while back which was very fun and exciting . now we where there with some friends for the second escape room x-child , excited about how this one would be . expectations were high and x-child delivered . it was a lot of fun , it sure challenges you to solve puzzles under pressure but lots of fun while doing it . if you plan on going , enjoy ! we did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have played over 20 escape rooms , and on the weekend that we went to dare to escape , we played 5 in the city of phoenix . of all the games we have played , the cult of mithras was absolutely the best escape game experience we have ever had . it hit all the right marks : fair but challenging puzzles , an amazing and friendly staff , hints that were provided exactly when you needed them - not too soon , not too late . the room looked and felt amazing . the puzzles were extremely original . the location was in a new complex next to some real estate offices , not in some ghetto like some locations we 've visited . and , when i accidentally double-booked the room , the staff credited our card before we even had a chance to follow-up with them about it ! we just can not say enough good things about this place . it was the shining-star highlight of our escape game weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dare to escape is my new favorite escape room with a mix of different types of puzzles from codes to the use of physical features . my daughter , her friend , the two moms , and i took the challenge and just barely made it out in time . we could hear the police getting close . i would say more , but do n't want to include any spoilers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm late writing a review . we played two escape rooms at this location in nov , the cult of mithras and x-child . my husband and i made it to the leaderboard in cult and was there for a short time . our son joined us in the x-child room which we also escaped , barely . this is an excellent business and the rooms are extremely well thought out ! you will have excellent time-solving puzzles and finding clues in these rooms . the story lines are great for each room . we 've been waiting for their third room to open , which it is now , and we are very excited about trying their new room . what are you waiting for ... ..go try these rooms ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my husband here for his birthday and we had a blast . he wants to try all of the rooms out now so i 'm sure we will be back again very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i planned participated in a corporate team builder today at dare to escape az . we all had a blast ! alpay was great to work with", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used dare to escape az twice now for big corporate team building events . we piled over 20 rowdy ( and arguably tipsy ) people into their establishment and they handled it like pros . the rooms i have played are excellent in both build quality and variety . thumbs up to the friendly and accommodating staff . we will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dare to escape az was my first escape room experience and it was a blast ! we had adults and kids ( ages 11-19 ) in our party , and everyone had a great time and loved both the cult of mithras and x child rooms . there were a few people who had done escape rooms before and they said this was the best one by far ! definitely more challenging and hands on than other locations . we 're ready to try it again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely hospitable and accommodating . the employees will help , if needed . had so much fun . definitely a fun , unique experience . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience ! tried a new designed game , and it was very intense and interesting . great story lines , nice stuff . it is a good idea if you like to know your colleagues better . definitely will go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only done one other escape room besides this one and i have to say i was very impressed . this one seemed well put together and have done their homework on it and it shows . my friend and i did the x-child and it was intense with a little bit of a creepy twist . i plan to go back and do more of them . also ask for chris he was a really cool guy and very informative with out giving anything away obvious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we played the cult of mithras game in a team of 7 people . we enjoyed the game a lot . it was one of the best , if not the best , that i have played in arizona so far . the puzzles were fun and challenging at the same time . especially some of the puzzles were creative that none of us have never seen before . we managed to recover the final item , needed one more minute to escape . the last minutes were very exciting for all of us . different than other escape room places , they have an amazing intro video for the game that gets you in the mood of the game 's scenario . i would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! this was my third escape room experience . my sister and i signed up for it at phoenix comic con , and it was great . the staff was friendly and kind . the puzzles were challenging , but a staff would walk in periodically to give you clues and hints . completely recommend and would do it again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome rooms with even better staff . guaranteed to be a good time . hit up the perfect pear bistro next door for some amazing food before after .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and 6 friends did the x child room and was such a good room keep you going the whole time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a blast here with my friends last night . the people who work here were more than accommodating when we had two friends join us last minute . the booking process is easy . the rooms are very interesting and fun to work through ! ! thank you again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in on my lunch break for my annual today and was fairly impressed . i was in and out in less than an hour , and the office staff was very friendly . dr. norton sits down with each of his new patients just to talk and learn more about them , which is nice considering at a lot of doctor 's offices you feel like just another number . it 's also impressive seeing as how busy he was today . the waiting room was more than two-thirds full when i walked in , but there was still a place to sit and i was in the back within five minutes . dr. norton was professional and succinct , which is just what i was looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been going to the same doctor for over 10 years . when i got pregnant , i found out my old doctor had joined a group and did n't like how they handled pregnancy and delivery . after a poor experience with the previous doctor , i started looking online for a new doctor and found dr. norton . he had great reviews thru my provider network . i made an appointment and i ended up really liking him and his staff . he 's straight to the point , wait times are n't bad and answers questions thoroughly . i had a great hospital experience and follow up with him after my pregnancy . i 'm going to continue to see him for my annual visits . would recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when my daughter got pregnant it was a no brainer who she would be seeing . dr norton saved one of my best friends lives not once but twice and his bedside manner is awesome ! ! love the girls at the front desk and when he does have to step out to deliver a baby the receptionists let you know right away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . very welcoming and warm . i did not feel uncomfortable what so ever . service was great and quick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i thought this was a good dr 's office but after i had a miscarriage and had to have surgery i was in a very bad place mentally . he calls me to tell me the sex of the baby i had lost with out asking me if i wanted to know . so that put me in another had space . i end up passing the membrane so i had a long miscarriage over a few months time . months later i decided since i had a horrible miscarriage that i wanted my tubes tide and i waited and waited for about an hour and dr. norton never showed up . i did not receive an apology call or anything . i have never been treated this way from a dr .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love dr. norton and his office staff ! all my gyn visits & my ob visits for my first pregnancy was literally awesome ! and he delivered my baby boy ! thank you dr. norton for all you do for women ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for almost a year now and jessica is my stylist and she is awesome ! ! ! she always gives me the best service and treats me like a celebrity . she 's very knowledgeable with their products and with coloring my hair . i had dark dark brown hair and she was able to lift my color and make a blondie . shes the best ! ! ! thanks jing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was super excited to get my hair done here but unfortunately i had a bad experience . i came to get purple color put in the ends of my hair , but was n't told until the end of the appointment that not only would it cost me a ridiculous $ 100 , but it 's also only temporary color . this is something they should have told me beforehand . now there is purple all over everything i own and the color already is faded from my hair . the stylist told me to only wash my hair once a week-that 's disgusting ! when i tried to get help or at least partial money back for the misunderstanding , the store manager laughed at me and promised to call back with a solution but never called back and would n't answer my call when i tried later . go somewhere else and get better service and better value for your money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so last week my guy asked me to look up a good spot near my area that does men 's haircut n i came across hottie hair salon . we called first and did a walk-in . the wait was n't too long and taylor sat him dwn at her station . she kinda was confused whn my guy explained the cut that he wanted after like 5 times . she started off shaving a line along the bottom of his hair whn actually he wanted a fade . she thn shampooed his hair but did n't condition it . thn took him back to the chair n did some more wrk , fixed the line below and wrkd her way up trimming etc but the end result was a bit disappointing . on top of that , the haircut took well over 45mins . his haircut to be honest , looked too `` choppyish '' and did n't have that gradual smooth , feathered effect to it as compared to his previous which he liked frm a diff salon . i will give this visit a one star because this is what he believes it deserves ... : -", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very expensive . not that great job with color . i would love to try a different stylist but i am not sure . i wish the owner would stay on top .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jen took me in last minute and was very easy to talk to , specialized in curly hair and did a beautiful job on my hair . she was so fun to meet and i 'm happy to have found her . she takes pride her work , which is a great quality in a hairdresser . will definitely go to again ... much better than i could have hoped for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please see my after photos ! i would n't come to hottie hair for extensions !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my hair cut by crystyle several months ago and it came out fabulous ! i wanted a cropped cut and have had it come out horrible other places , she really nailed it . she took into account the shape of my face and thickness of my hair before she started cutting , she really did a wonderful job . i walked out feeling like a million bucks ! i 'm very much looking forward to going back , soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tayler is the best master stylist hands down ! she made me a vibrant blonde ! she had to correct my highlights ( which came out basically brown ) done by trin\u00e9 her co worker . truly looks amazing ! i 'm definitely going to be a repeat customer with her . i ca n't tell you how relieving it is to finally have found someone that knows what they 're doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can not recommend hottie hair enough ! i 've been a client of crystal 's almost 6yrs . skill & professionalism ... those qualities i saw in her during my first consultation . and i 've never looked back ! she puts her whole heart into clients . takes time to listen to your hair expectations , does n't rush the process , and over the years i 've never been disappointed . the salon is hip & comfortable . great atmosphere . she & her team of stylists are top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i paid over 200 for color cut and condition . which is n't bad if the color didnt wash out in two washes . they refused to refund me because they said i waited too long . less than two weeks is too long ? this place is a rip off . do n't go get color done unless you want to waste your money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crystyle is a very talented hair stylist in town . with her experiences and her knowledges , she would analyze and find the best solution to fit most on us individuals . thanks to her i love my hair so much . i 'll upload some photos of my hair so people can see her real work . thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go here if you want your hair to look amazing ! ! ! \u203cthis my spot , i am so happy i came here . my extensions look amazing ... tayler really listened to what i wanted and delivered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they ruined my hair and let me walk out of there with a horrible color ( multiple colors ) . i asked for a specific length and got about 4 inches shorter . do not go to this salon", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been coming to tayler for a couple of years now and she never disappoints ! i have natural super dark hair and she always gets me to the super light blonde i love with absolutely no brass at all . all of the stylists get along really well and always are having fun while working . if you are looking for the perfect blonde in a fun hip atmosphere i highly recommend seeing tayler at hottie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 've had my hair done by the owner , crystal 3 or 4 times now and she 's earned customer loyalty from me - hands down . they have quality stylists who really know what there doing . while i 'm there ( this is usually for about 2 hours+ ) i see everything from your average color cut style to purples and buzz cuts . the versatility of the staff is going to keep hottie hair alive . crystal is a hair guru . my blonde has never been so beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to crystyle since 2010 . i ca n't go to anyone else to do my hair . i love how she colors and cuts my hair ! she 's very thorough . i can go there with hair trend in mind and she 'll execute it to the tee . i 've come in at times with no idea what to do and she 'll come up with a color style that 's hot ! ! ! ! i get tons of compliment on my hair and i have crystyle to thank ! i like going there . crystyle is awesome at what she does . you can tell she loves her job and will do anything to make sure your satisfied with her services . she 's fun to talk to . her staff is also nice and enjoy chit chatting with them while i get my hair done . i highly recommend this hair salon ! ! ! ! i 'm not going anywhere that 's for sure ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took me so long to find a hair dresser that could get my blonde back after going red ! tayler is amazing ! she knows exactly what to do to get me to the color i want without frying my hair . i 'd trust her with any color cut etc . i cut 7 inches off recently into a bob and she did an amazing job at that as well . i 'm hooked and so happy i finally found a stylist with experience and great costumer service like her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an amazing experience here ! i was transitioning out of 1 type of extensions and into another . the differences were explained to me and everyone was so knowledgeable . i was crunched for time and 3 employees worked together to get it done on time ! ! they went above and beyond . brooke is incredible- with hair extensions , dye , lashes . probably anything she does . what a great experience . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tayler is a joy to work with and , especially at her young age , knows the hair business . she did an exceptional job on my color , which is n't easy , as it is platinum . great cut -- knows short hair , which not all stylists do . in my opinion , if the stylist is skilled with short hair , any other length is easy . i have no doubt tayler is as good with any length hair . i recently returned to vegas after year away , and during my 16 years here , have had many stylists . was referred to tayler by the stylist i was using where i was living . she could not have referred me to anyone better . tayler is stuck with me for the long run .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crystle is awesome i went from mid length black hair to short red ! ! she did such a great job i will definitely go back to her salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for years now i have been hopping from the occasional chain `` chop shop '' to box color to the random cosmotology student to keep my hair looking decent . it is very difficult to find someone that listens to exactly what you want , suggests great ideas and gives you a nice experience . i have finally found this in jen @ hottie hair salon . i no longer have to worry about what i will see when i 'm spun around towards the mirror . i feel a little more confident when i like my hair-i love it now : ) jen is not just an average stylist ; she is talented with cuts , braids , extensions , styling and color especially . thanks to jen i have ended my search for someone i trust with my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i begin ... thank you crystyle ! ! i did n't have an appt . i texted # on the website before business hours & she responded immediately ! salon opens at 10am but she was there early on her day off for another client & asked me if i could come over now to get started . wow ! ! ! exciting because i was already turned down by 3 salons for a same day walk-in . a haircut was all i wanted & she got the job done ! very professional , friendly & talented ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited a week before i reviewed because i wanted to see how the extensions felt after a few days . i have to say i was very nervous about getting hair extensions again but i 'm so glad i did ! i opted for tape ins since i have fine hair . they lay flat and i hardly even notice that they are there ! i love that the style lasts for a few days so im not washing my hair excessively . brooke is the one who applied them and helped correct my roots from a previous stylist . she was straight to the point and got the job done . i was in and out in about two hours . i am super happy with how it turned out and will definitely go back to have them maintained !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly the most beautiful amazing tape in extensions anyone could ask for . crystyle ( i hope i spelled that right ? ) is a genius . she color matches my pain in the butt hair color perfectly and applied them so beautiful if u want spot on no way anyone can ever tell u have extensions . go see her . salon is so nice and everyone who works there is really really nice . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived to crystal with a disaster blonde fail that consisted of multiple shades of orange , rust , brown roots and broken frazzled white blonde ends . fearing that one more applied chemical would melt what was left of my hair , crystal just short of pulling off the magic trick of the year ... matched up all the colors in one swoop . no breakage , my hair looks fabulous and professional once again ! color master..look no further ! thank you so much girl ... you saved me ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is little different than most ... all of the hair dressers are independent . so there is no front desk tracking appointments and taking your payments , each of the stylists do it on their own . i think that you get a better price and the stylists probably make more as well . cami did my hair and i think she did a great job and the price was n't too bad either !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really amazing results ! check the picture i uploaded . i was very impressed by how it turned out . i needed so much correction before and crystyle was able to do exactly what i wanted . the only downside was the price ( $ 295 ) and she cut my bangs too short so i 'll have to grow it out before i really love the cut and color on me . overall i 'm extremely satisfied with the results and i 'll be going back for root touch ups . thank you ! really nice atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i need a manager to answer ! my hair broke off after bleaching..first time ever bleaching my hair ... charged me 250 the first time..tried to lift it and charged me 175 second time for all my good hair to fall off ! i 'm pissed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've worn extensions for over two years , tape in and after relocating to las vegas from los angeles i was looking for someone to do my hair , i read the yelp reviews and found hottie hair . i am thrilled beyond words the job that crystal did , the virgin hair she put in is like nothing i 've ever felt before and i was using very nice extensions before , but these were on another level ! she 's got a vision and is fast and very professional ! she will be my girl from now on . i 'm so very happy and would recommend in a heartbeat ! debi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "texted on a thursday before they opened asking for 2 appointments , they were able to fit me & my mum in . tony did an amazing job , was friendly & totally nailed what i asked for and modified it so it suited me better . i was growing out and a-line bob , and he did n't take too much length off . i love , love , love my new cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to hottie hair salon . my hair stylist was brooke that dyed my hair in the month of september . my roots are coming through already . brooke got dye on my 100.00 jeans . she 's very careless and she do n't care what she does . she 's rude and ignorant . i would n't recommend her to anyone . the worsest results i have ever got in any salon . she is a nightmare and did n't appreciate my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for wedding day hair and make-up kylie is your gal ! i looked and felt amazing ! i 've never had my hair and makeup professionally done and was a bit worried . kylie came to my hotel and did my hair and makeup for my wedding and i could n't have been more ecstatically happy . not only is she talented and very professional she has a friendly personality that puts you at ease . simply wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crystyle is amazing ! ! ! four years ago i walked in her salon a hot mess ! my hair was literally almost burnt off and she managed to perform a miracle ! she saved my hair and from that point on i knew she was my girl ! my hair is always on point and i 'm never disappointed ! ! i am confident that her other stylists are just as talented considering crystyles expertise and high standards i highly recommend her salon ! you ca n't go wrong ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brooke was the one who did my hair , she was super nice and friendly . helped me choose what style i needed for my hair since i am super indecisive . the whole salon was nice and clean and had a great vibe to it . will totally come again for my next cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to hottie hair for extensions . i had a really , ugly hair cut i got at scandals salon which i had no idea how to get rid of . marisa did a wonderful job explaining to me what my options were in terms of extensions , matching my color and putting them on . i really feel like a whole new person . i finally got my confidence back . now that i know marisa does make up , i 'll go to her for that too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hair was severely damaged last year due to bleaching . the breakage left my hair very uneven anx color wouldnt stay long so i decided to let it grow out ( knowing if i went into the salon right away they 'd have to cut it to my ears ) . tony was amazing not only did he cut my hair exactly how i imagined it , it came out better than i expected . he colored my hair back to a more natural color and i have my confidence back ! i feel amazing . i love hottie hair because every time you come in everyone is so sweet and laid back . thanks tony i just adore you ! i feel like myself again ! ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a japanese thermal straightening done here . crystal did a great job with my hair . i am mixed with black , white , and native.. so my hair is n't the easiest to work with . i have a lot of hair but the strands are very fine . crystal was very careful not to over process my hair . i think she did a great job finding the right balance for my hair . ultimately the thermal straitening damaged my hair in the long run which she warned me could happen . i gave a five star rating because crystal did a very good job educating about the risk of thermal straightening . she did n't just jump into it.. she cared about my hair and took good care of it ! thank you crystal.. now that i moved back from hawaii i plan on scheduling to see her real soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars , 2 thumbs up for jamie . her expertise on highlights and extensions are insurmountable ! jamie also has a flexible evening schedule . can not give enough accolades about her skills and passion in styling . ... marie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been coming here for a short time but i love it khrystyne is amazing , and does an amazing job every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to see jamie , she is a master stylist . my daughters hair is super long , frizzy and curly , it takes so long for me to do her hair . jaime suggested a treatment called brazilian blowout . omg ! wow.. what a difference ! my daughters hair is super soft and silky . she can air dry it or blow dry it and the result is the same . amazing ! ! ! my daughter is 8 yrs old , jaime was so nice to hair and she is a total professional . i love her ! i 'm coming back to do my brazilian with her too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want an excellent haircut go see crystal , she 's the owner of hottie hair and has amazing cutting skills . being a hairstylist myself , i am super picky and only go to the best , believe me when i say you 're safe in crystal 's hands . she also has an awesome personality to match her phenomenal hair skills , everyone go see her for your hair needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this salon for a year now . i am so happy with my stylist crystal . she color and cuts my hair and i am more than pleased every time i leave the salon . i even walked in one time with no appt . and they did a blowout , so nice . i have also had the other stylists cut my hair and they are always the ones that do my brazilian blowout . after having my first bb , there is no going back ! styling my hair is beyond super easy now since i am so busy i do not have time to do anything to it in the morning . now i can wake up and go and it looks like i flat ironed it . stays shiny too . hottie is a very relaxed , fun environment and there are no stuck up stylists . everyone makes you feel welcome and you are never treated as just another sale . they make you feel comfortable and i always leave there feeling beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a faithful patron for a couple of years . i actually kept up on the owner crystal from the previous salon i used to have my hair done at pigtails & pompadours . i really respect crystsl for her drive and have watched how far shes come in more that 6+ yrs . my phenominal go to girl kylie brooke has been nothing but an awesome , professional stylist that truly respects what i ask for , and delivers everytime . i really appreciate the down to earth talented lady that she is , esp at such a young age . i truly appreciate the experiece she has given me for the last 2 years , which is why i will continue service with her for as long as she 'll have me.. thanks doll !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for michelle , she is the best at what she does ! i live pretty far from this salon but like i said she is the best , she does extensions , color , cut , she has more experience than the other girls there , i 've been seeing her for a couple years now , price is reasonable . i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just went into hottie hair yesterday to get the black removed from my hair . i thought that it would have been a huge ordeal leaving my hair like straw and fried . when i went in jen helped me and explained the process , that she would be using a color remover instead of bleaching my hair . she was so kind so i decided to do it in the spur of the moment . i have died my hair black 12 times over the period of a year with the harshest box chemicals and jen got it all removed within a matter of an hour . my hair feels soft and healthy and it has a beautiful red natural red brown sheen without even dying it . she did a nice treatment on my hair and cut it beautifully : ) i absoloutly loved her and my new hair . i would recommend going to jen for anything she is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle was great ! i am new to vegas and had trouble finding a stylist who could take on long men 's hair and cut style it correctly . excellent job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crystal was amazing , she rejuvenated my curly hair , reccomended a great style , and perfect product ! i am so extrememly picky about who i let work on my hair , that i have n't had a regular salon in years due to a bad experience , but now i am so happy to be able to say that i will call `` hottie hair '' my salon home ! thank you crystal , my hair looks great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crystal and her husband were amazing today . loved my fresh new cut and got educated on hair extensions . i got some installed and i absolutely love them . they look wonderful ! i highly recommend crystal . she has been my stylist for years . i wo n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called in last minute to schedule an appointment for me and my wife ... jessica took us and did an awesome job on both of us . thank you jessica for fitting us in last minute ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite having to use bleach , crystal did an outstanding job getting my hair back into great condition . she was also willing to trust my trying experiences when using toner . historically , colorists do n't believe how my hair grips toner leaving me with a green , gray , or purplish color . she heeded caution and i left her salon with very blonde hair , which i love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon ; the staff is friendly and kai is amazing at doing hair ! i feel like a mermaid with my new i-tip extensions . the ombr\u00e9 color is on point and the price was right . i recommend going here for all your hair needs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to crystyle with really messed up hair from another inexperienced stylist at a salon down the road in boca park ... i mean shades of orange , blonde , brown ... .you name it . and big patches of hair that were completely missed in the last coloring . crystyle fixed my hair and corrected the color beautifully . it blends . it shines . it looks fantastic ! she is experienced in hair coloring , especially blondes . i highly recommend her and her salon to anyone searching for a great stylist in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crystal has a craft that would be very difficult to duplicate . she knows her stuff , she excels in her skills as a hair stylist , and she is the nicest person you will ever behold . i had the pleasure of getting my hair colored and cut by crystal today . my hair is looking mighty fabulous , and i am so in love with the outcome ! i can not recommend hottie hair as a whole , and especially crystal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , also very clean place . i got my hair cut by kai and i am very happy with the way my hair looks ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both crystal and chris did a beautiful job on my hair . not only did they incorporate a friendly aura with 10 10 customer service , but they achieved exactly what i visualized in my mind for a balayage at a fair price with amazing results . i will definitely be coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for a good stylist and salon for the past 7 years since i moved out to vegas and finally found it ! ! khrystyne took her time with me making sure i was happy and gave me the color , highlights , and cut i wanted after showing her different pics . i highly recommend this salon , all of the hairstylists were friendly , fun to talk to and from what i saw gave top notch cuts & styles to other clients . i really think the prices are fair for the work they do . i feel like a million bucks , and my hubby just loves my new hair style ! thanks khrystyne , i finally found a hairstylist to go to ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to many different salons all over las vegas , and this is by far my favorite ! you feel very welcomed from the minute you walk in . i was recommended by a friend to make an appointment with the stylist named tayler . i am so glad i made that appointment . i have n't walked out of a salon feeling this good in years ! she cut and highlighted my hair exactly the way i wanted it . i highly recommend this salon as well as the stylist named tayler !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the hottie hair salon ! when i moved to vegas i was nervous about having to find a new hair stylist . i would definitely recommend marissa . she thoroughly explains what she 's doing to my hair and it always looks great ! i never have to worry about any surprises . i trust her with my hair , and she is excellent with color too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great experience at hottie hair ! the shop and staff are fantastic , offering all the latest in hair styling . crystal has been doing my hair for almost 7 years , she 's the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a short hair and it was really a gamble to get that new look that i wanted . i showed jamie , one of the two master hairstylist at hottie , a pic of how i want my hair to look like and allowed her to cut my hair however she thinks will look best on me . my hair is naturally wavy and damaged , dont know what magic jamie did to my hair but it looks absolutely fab and amazing ! i posted a pic in my social media and i had more than 200 likes in less than an hour lol ! im moving back to california but i will definitely come back to vegas everytime i need a haircut ! price is $ 55 , plus tip of course ! yeah it 's a little bit more but your hair is your crowning glory , if you can wear an expensive haircut you wo n't need an expensive jewelry or a bag to look fabulous ! i definitely recommend jamie , she definitely knows what she 's doing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live near this place and we probably eat there at least once a week . it 's our favorite mexican food in the south charlotte fort mill rock hill area for sure . the staff are all very friendly and nice . it 's not a place you go for the decor or atmosphere , but if you want good food at a good price and quick , this place is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we eat here often . staff is fun and attentive . my kids practice spanish with them . the food is great and we have tried a lot of mexican restaurants before discovering this . it is in a sketchy shopping plaza but it is safe . patio is great and we never feel rushed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lunch was good . we ordered the enchilladas , the fajitas & shrimp quesadillas . we liked the enchilladas & quesadillas . they were very good w nice presentation the fajitas were ok tasting but were not served like most restaurants . it was not served with lettuce , tomatoes , sour cream , salsa or guacamole . i was disappointed . overall , it was a good experience & we would go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always kept seeing this place on my driving route and never went in . i decided to go with the family and my rule of thumb is always correct . if the salsa is good with the chips you get that should be warm it is a winner . with that said i really enjoyed my meal . i had the shrimp chimichanga , though when receiving my plate i said to myself what a small chimichanga . but it was loaded with shrimps and delicious . i will come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best mexican food in the fort mill tega cay area . the place is super clean and the wait staff is awesome . the menu is great , i just wish they had tortas . the salsa seemed fresh and the chips are not overly salted like charanda . i would ask for malicio for a waiter ... .he is great . it 's the only place i 'll go for mexican near the house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is awesome been going here since high school . best mexican in fort mill do n't listen to the haters", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . waitress was a novice but nice . loved the salsa ( probably not custom recipe though ) . good options for vegetarian ( my wife ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food came out in five minutes ! prompt service . good food , nothing fancy but hot and tasty . pretty amazing to be in and out of a sit down restaurant with a twenty minute lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! there 's also one in tega cay . would be great if there was an online menu for either of the establishments , but so far , i 've come up empty . @ maggie k. they do have another less spicy salsa upon request . i know because when we come in they always provide `` another '' salsa for my granddaughter . g", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the strip mall is run down and going away for the new walmart grocery store . decor is okay but our family loves the food . i ca n't find pollo con creme any where else that is better . add onions ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of our favorite spots in fort mill . very courteous staff , consistently good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we moved to fort mill this past july . this restaurant was suggested to us . we were not disappointed at all ! food is quality . staff friendly . very fast service ! we take all our visitors here . go for it and give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service but food is kinda meh . i would say the appetizers are the the best thing on the menu i feel . tortillas are store bought and not homemade . i would say average at best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reviewing the indian land sc location . i have only ordered the fajitas ( dinner and lunch ) and the times i have been there , food has been consistent and quick . plenty of meat and veggies with your fajitas . rice is fluffy and flavorful . have n't tried anything else , but i know i ca n't go wrong with fajitas ! friendly staff , offered a `` to-go '' cup , and i was in out pretty quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't know what to expect but i have to say i 'm glad i stopped here . basically think sushi burrito . then think food tingling your tastebuds in a good way . it 's closer to the wheel ( of death ) then the strip about across from in and out burger . ordering is easy . food was quick . food was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked back here from linq 30 minutes before seeing the divas show and it was definitely worth the speed walk ! the mochi ice cream is amazing , especially the green tea", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that jaburrito place is a-mazing ! i am going to write them and have them open one in chicago ! the long beach is extremely flavorful . we are going down the menu ! one of the most innovative , interesting , insanely great restaurants i have ever been to . we really enjoyed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "considering the location and what you 'll be charged the food was worth the cost . well assembled tasty sushi burritos and bowls . sangria sake was nice . the young lady , who may have been management , was spot-on with service and making the dining area rounds making sure you had what you needed . it was very clean , tables were not sitting uncleaned so it was easy to find a places to sit and relax . impressive location and a nice option near the high roller .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "# obsessed # obsessed # obsessed restaurants and cafes in vegas are always so heavy with their entrees - it 's either burgers , steaks , sandwiches , etc . maybe it 's because they know we 're drinking , haha . well , sometimes it 's nice to find a place that servers small , healthier , fresh food options . the poke bowls and sushi burritos here are a lighter choice . their portions are a bit smaller , but their prices are cheaper too . this was my first time having a sushi burrito and it was amazing . it was a lot of food . i saved one half of the burrito for later . there 's not really an entree that 's better than the other . it all about what kind of fish you like . i got one with raw salmon ( about $ 11 ) . if you love sushi , this place is a must-try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are into poke , you will like jaburrito . it 's basically poke bowl in a sea weed in pre-cut form . personally , i was n't impressed , but some may like it . mine cane out as $ 18 with combo . i thought it was bit pricey . hard to find the location , so expect to park and walk quite a bit . 4 stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious healthy options . while small lines might make a new diner nervous , biting into the sushi burrito took away any regrets . it 's a great place and cheap for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place on the strip to stop and grab a quick bite to eat on the strip for lunch or what not at a fair price . very clean inside and most of the people working there were friendly . i ordered the rockport wrap with seaweed and got ta say it was awesome and had a little bit of heat to it would highly recommend this one if you like stuff a little spicy . all the ingredients were fresh and jaburrito was awesome . all though my experience with this place was limited i hope to visit this place again when i go to vegas for quick bite . it 's in a great location on your way to high roller .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved everything about this place . it was my first time eating sushi burrito and it was an amazing experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try this place out while visiting the linq on st. patrick 's day . it was really busy , but the service was quick friendly and the modern space was clean . i enjoyed the japanese mexican fusion by snacking on a long beach sushi burrito . i was really surprised at the quality of the sushi ; it was super fresh ! besides , on the strip , you ca n't beat the price . about $ 15 bucks for a combo . try the taro chips and queso for a side !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little pricey but if you 're looking for something light and tasty , this is a good option . tried the laguna ( our fave ) as well as the long beach . both were good but the laguna was the better choice . for sides , we had seaweed salad and miso soup . portions are n't huge but we were fine with that . fish was fresh and we liked that we could customize our order . outdoor seating is limited . we will certainly eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing . generous tuna portion and fresh . got huntington bowl with greens to avoid carbs . friendly staff . we have poke spots in ny but this will do . only $ 11.91 . not bad price to eat here compared to many other spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walking the linq and found this gem ! great people . great food and concept . fresh and smart . had the rockport burrito and was amazed . fan of rolls ? well this one you can walk with too . going back tomorrow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi burritos are yummy ! perfect size - not big and not small . fresh and yummy ingredients ! we got the redondo and the rockport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i happened upon this place in the need of a quick bite . not only was it quick , it was very delicious and easy to eat . the staff was very helpful and polite and brought our food out to the table . i highly recommend getting the taro chips and queso , those were a great addition to the meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great price , good food ! service was excellent especially alex . he is all over it ! helpful and makes sure you have what you need", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time and some of us got the bowls and some got the wraps . lots of great options . food is fresh , the sauces are delicious and the workers are friendly . will be back next time we are in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it ai n't so hot fam , ya need to make it less bland and more saucy ya feel . you need that extra saucyness if ya want to be lit the red onion and cilantro kind of killed the flavor of the raw fish , thus it did n't really deserve more than 3 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a bad experience with my first sushi burrito a few months back because it fell apart after the first bite . here , my burrito stayed in tact and the flavors blended in perfectly . i 'm not a huge sushi fan , but this had a smooth taste . i had to knock off a star for the really high prices . i think we paid $ 13 for a tiny burrito . i probably could 've eaten two .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got the rockport and the redondo , both were good but we especially loved the rockport . we would definitely eat here again ! the sake sangria was also pretty good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i usually go to their other location off of 215 w & rainbow and am so happy to find out they actually have one near my work ! they give you a discount if you work on the strip which is a huge plus ! : ) i always get the malibu bowl and add seaweed salad , ahi tuna and shrimp tempura . it always hits the spot for me ! do n't forget to get the taro chips too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i did n't have to go to vegas to get this . i loved the combos and the ability to leave out ingredients for whatever reeason . delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! loved the redondo bowl and was totally stuffed ! taro chips are out of this world ! staff was super friendly ! would definitely comeback when in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! the sushi burrito is outstanding . i had the spicy edamame and the rockport burrito . the service is quick and friendly and the prices are great ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like jaburrito . best way to describe it is a big ass sushi roll ( unless you get it in the bowl ) . order the dish labeled as my hometown name `` long beach '' and enjoy the tempura spicy tuna and crab meat mix ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am in heaven everytime i am here . the salmon roll , dude . just get one . who needs sushi cut up ? fresh everytime . good location . take one to go and walk the promenade , or have a seat in the modern dining area . tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i wanted a fast snack before going to a buffet dinner , so we decided to try jaburritos , which was right outside of our hotel . it 's pretty common to find sushi and poke places back where i live , but i 've never tried it in the form and flavor of a burrito . at first , i did n't know what to order so we asked the manager and she suggested the long beach . i highly recommend this one ! it was spicy , crunchy , creamy , and delicious . i will be back the next time i go to vegas : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here a couple days ago and was very pleased ! it was my first time trying the sushi burrito trend so i do n't really have anything else to compare it to but it was delicious ! i got the long beach and i have no complaints . would definitely recommend if you like sushi ! and the price point is great considering the amount of food that they give you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here for lunch and ordered a rockport sushi bowl , instead of tuna i got it with salmon instead . i 'm not much a fan of tuna but i love salmon ! their ingredients taste fresh and i loved the eel sauce and chipotle mayo combo . for the rice to topping ratio , i honestly wish there was more topping especially since the salmon was too small of a portion to the huge amount of rice that 's in the bowl . overall the casual ambience of the place was clean and inviting and their fish , as well as other ingredients tasted fresh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met some friends at the linq for lunch , and we tried this new restaurant , jaburritos . very good ! we were greeted enthusiastically when we walked in , our food was delivered quickly , and the food was excellent ! i had the `` rockport '' this time , but you can bet i will be back to try every other burrito on the menu . loved the mochi pop too ... the green tea was my fave . thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi burritos are becoming quite the thing in vegas ; between them and poke places , there are an abundance of options around . i 've had the item at a few places , and my point of reference is yoshi burrito , the first place at which i had the dish . that is , for me , a four out of five star place . this is a three , because i think there are a bit fewer options , the burritos are a bit smaller , and overall , the accompanying flavors less compelling than that of yoshi . it 's not a bad place , and if you 're in the area , you certainly can do much worse , but overall , i would n't go out of my way to get there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location ! right in the middle of all the vegas fun ! the service was so great , they were helpful and always checked on our water.. but it was n't a sit down restaurant so i was impressed ! ! ! the food was so good ! great taste and flavor ! i had the long beach whole my husband had the laguna . we both really enjoyed our food . the size of the burrito is just enough to fill you up . they had choices for you to make a bowl or burrito as well has different wrap & rice choices . you could totally make it your own . resturant was clean and staff super nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible car wash service unless you drive a maserati or a bmw , they do n't care about you . spent maybe 3 minutes on my interior and missed so much . i was already rushing to get to work otherwise i would have gone back . spent 25 for the full interior wipe down and they barely touched it . so disappointed . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the car wash only . i have great experiences with the gas station when i stop in once or twice a week after work . however today was my first time getting a car wash at this location . i have just driven a car i purchased home from california . it was sorely in need of some tlc from the drive and the recent monsoon weather . `` the thumb '' package seemed the best value as it included interior vacuum , tire pressure check , and a 7 day clean guarantee . the end result was a little disappointing as the trunk was not vacuumed , and the front and grill still had many bugs and spots all over it . i would have been happy to buy an add on if i was aware these areas were not part of the package or required special attention . my bad for not checking the trunk before i left , next time i will do a full walk around with the tech .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do not get the concept on this place . service is not the key , i fuel my two car every week and pay at the pump most of the time but if i need to fuel and pay cash this a nightmare ! ! ! the cashier is the barista , if you happened to get in line with three guys in front of you , better start praying because it might take 8 minutes before you can pay for gas ! ! ! ! you are stuck between lattes and cupcakes , in my opinion the need two cashiers at all time . do not kill customer service for trying to be fancy ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "total rip off for a car wash . saw a $ 15 off offer on the internet to get a discount on a car wash after purchasing gas . purchased $ 50 in gas and then wanted to spend more on a car wash to get my carpets cleaned . they would n't give me my $ 15 discount then after filling up my tank with their already inflated gas prices . no wonder there is not a lot business here with people washing their cars on the weekend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i returned a few times , and had terrible washes . i had also referred a close friend , and was embarrassed at her report to me , so i went back again . for $ 25 the car wash was terrible . i 've switched back to costco . the $ 8 wash there is actually every bit as good as what $ 25 got me at the thumb .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review relates to the car wash business . i have had my cars washed here in the past with no issues . however , my last experience was troubling . i was told they would vacuum my trunk and they seemed to have forgotten , the interior of my car was also still somewhat messy . also , somehow my radio satellite navigation system got locked out . this has never happened before and caused me to have to make a trip to the dealer . lastly , my car was parked to the side as i was waiting for food ( separate review ) and for some odd reason one of the workers was sitting in my car while the car was turned off with the issue of my electronic system being locked out this just makes me suspicious . finally , i sent an email to the business a few days ago with no response . very disappointing and it appears they are only concerned with marketing and not service . since i paid almost $ 26 for my car wash i was not expecting these issues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took me 50 minutes for an exterior wash. as my daughter and i got into the car , my antenna was siting in the passenger seat and half my front windshield window was not wiped down . i live right around the corner and am very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for a full wash and detail $ 150 . car was handed over to us and still had bird poop on the side . manager was less than accommodating . 2 managers later and no apologies , the car was actually ready . this review is as high as it is only because the inside was pretty well done . we came here knowing we would pay a bit more but because of the good reviews we were willing to try . bad mistake . i 'll go cheaper next time and get similar service . btw , last time i was here they scratched the paint on my door with their outdoor spigot . no apology then either . come for the food , skip the wash", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the second time i washed my car here they had already remembered my name . super friendly and courteous staff . i 'm very meticulous with keeping my car clean and i appreciate how they even take the time to blow the residual water out of the door and side view mirror crevices with compressed air so it does n't streak down the side of my car when i drive off . last time i was there they noticed a dirt smudge on the white leather armrest and took the time to get it out , even though i had n't gotten a package that included any interior detailing . i would recommend this place to all my friends and next time i 'm there i 'll be getting a monthly wash package since i wo n't be taking my car anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give tt more than 5 stars . what a great place with great employees . today i had a remarkable experience . i went for a car wash. and the great thing is that they do n't try to up-sell you until you 're ready to leave . but today terry webt above and beyond . upon leaving i mistakenly gave him a tip from the wrong pocket . when i got home i realized my mistake . it was a decent amount of money . i called and he said he figured that 's what happened and already had the money aside for me . honesty and integrity . thank you terry . you made a customer for life today . and yes , i gave him an extra big tip for being so honest ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get your car washed if you 're in the northern part of scottsdale . reasonably priced and the quality has always been great . usually my car is in and out within 30 minutes ( enough time to finish a coffee ) . might try their car detailing services in the near future before the hot weather sets in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great car wash and coffee . a little pricey , but what do you expect for north scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the guys at the car wash are professional and very detailed oriented . inside , the food is great . takes 10-15 min to get your order , but the quality of food is worth the wait ! i always love looking at all the gifts decor they sell . unique inventory and i 've found some of my best birthday house warming holiday kids gifts there . one of the most notable elements are the employees . they are kind , thoughtful , and it 's clear they all take pride in the establishment and are happy to work there . i always leave with a smile and appreciate the unparalleled customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been my go-to car wash for years . i 've brought all of my higher end cars her for a hand wash and the service has been good . until today . brought my 2016 lexus here for a hand wash and wax , picked the car up two hours later , and there was a deep scratch on the drivers side door . the guys tried to buff it out but without much luck . when i expressed my disappointment , the blame was shifted firmly on me , or perhaps the dealer that sold me the new car in february . no apologies , but customer service just bad enough to write a review and no plans to return . the manager could take a few lessons on keeping good customers . perhaps ask the customer what would make them happy ? a nice apology and a couple of future car washes would have worked .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pulled into the car wash and today was so busy with a huge line . i could n't have been more happy with my experience from start to finish with the staff when i dropped off my car for a deep detail . they are first class through and through . thanks greg for making me feel like a special customer and your for attention to detail", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a great car wash where the employees do a wonderful job . beyond happy with everything . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kind of car wash. beer , wine , gourmet deli foods , great bbq , and awesome cupcakes . the car was washed pretty thoroughly and they had a huge line going in from a lot of yelp members . service was great and very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you , general manager michael , for accommodating my error ! i am so very appreciative of your service and integrity . i am the girl who thought `` racing fuel '' was simply another marketing ploy and purchased it without much thought . thank goodness you were able to help ease the sting of that $ 100.00 ! i loved my car wash , and they even let me slide in queue before closing ! i have always been impressed with your store , and i continue to be years later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful experience ! from the moment of arrival , my car was taken into the hand wash bay . the cars are washed with superiority , and i must say i am not one to trust just anyone with my car . they even asked me if there was special instructions , and i usually do not winded my window inside due to the tint , and they were happy to oblige . i was greeted by the manager , and he walked me inside and offered me some tasty homemade treats . this place is the kind of place you see in olden days . family feeling . the manager takes pride in his business and you can tell . i trust them with my car , and happy to come back . definitely more than your usual car wash experience : ) cheers toms thumb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicest car wash in the area . attention to detail is unparalleled . my car looked great ... right down to the often missed cup holders . it 's a nice touch that they call customers by name from start to finish . ca n't forget to mention the great store , too . need to stay longer next time and have a bite to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the car wash - one of the very best heretofore - has slipped dramatically . my wash today took over an hour and was sloppy . they have lost a lot of their excellent finishing crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super slow car wash today . three lines of cars at dropoff , i was at worst number 12 in order , and 40 minutes later my car just exited the wash ... a bunch of people working in the drying line , so not sure why they are taking so long ... still waiting ... where is the urgency ? i 'm picking another place next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "can you get good food , a nice bottle of wine for later and a gift for your mother at a car wash ? you can in dc ranch . this place is unbelievable and the car wash price is fair . check in on yelp for 5 $ off", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great experience ! took my husbands truck in for a car wash after a camping trip and they really took car of me . they were so friendly and loved how much detail they really put into the cleaning of all the cars . just going camping we had a lot of mud on the side . after cleaning the inside and outside the manager came over to me and offered to re-wash the outside to really try and get the mud off the sides . i only paid to just get the basic wash so i was n't really expecting it to be flawless so was impressed by them really wanting to get it perfect . while waiting i enjoyed a latte from their cafe which was really good . the place was busy and although i did n't eat there the food looked delicious ! i definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so impressed with the service at tom 's thumb car wash i would not go anywhere else . mike , the general manager is one of a kind . they went way above the call of duty , i did n't have time to wait for my detail so they offered to bring me home and pick me up , i could not believe how kind they were , they also do a great job cleaning the cars . i have been using them for a few years now ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! these guys are awesome ! my car still looks great after a week ! i love the high quality job + the great staff here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my new car here with a rust stain on it . i had been trying to remove it at home with no luck . mike , the gm , took a look at it and instantly was able to remove it . great service , friendly staff . highly recommend the car wash and the bbq !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to get a car wash in town ! ! ! and they have quest bars : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the most outstanding experience with bill the manager of the most fantastic car wash ever ! he went above & beyond to help me . my car was in pristine condition and the service from every single employee was like no other . in a world where most people are way too busy to listen , bill not only heard my concern it was addressed by several call backs to me just to make sure ! if this world had more employees like bill what a world it would be ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently found this gas station after moving to the area . tom 's thumb has the best car wash around . not to mention an excellent market and restaurant . drop your car off for a wash , and have lunch while you wait . they even carry 100 octane racing fuel if you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for the awesome job you did on my boat and cadillac that had a stinky trunk from me leaving food in it . it smells great now . friendly staff too . defiantly recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i left my truck today for a complete interior detailing ! picked it up a couple of hours later . got to meet the gm mike , who was very friendly . i drive past many car washes from n phx to this location to get my car cleaned . for obvious reasons it always looks fabulous & i just referred friends that office near there & did n't know about it . great job & you have my thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best car wash ! i live on the other side of town and will absolutely drive out of my way to come here so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for the first time to get my car washed . had an amazing experience with dave and he made my car look amazing ! the inside is also very fun with restaurant , coffee shop , and tons of cute items to buy . very clean and great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the leather interior cleaning for $ 59 . excellent value . they spent 2 hours getting every nook and cranny of the inside of my suv . plus i got a free wash within 7 days . would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they detailed my boat and jeep today . i was very pleased with the service i got . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these dudes vacuumed my car for free ! customer service is not dead ! thanks tom 's thumb .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got a hold of mike after i had a not so great experience the first time and woah what a different experience this time ! it 's really rare to find a place that gives great service like they do here and make it right if anything does not go that way . i guess human error was to blame that first day . nobody is perfect but they are close here ! everyone in the restaurant was helpful , the food was great , and the cherry on top , my car looks great ! i had a rubber hand in my ash tray and a giant stuffed bear buckled up in the backseat and they did n't even flinch at it or take any shortcuts with their work ! i know i will be back and share my story of exemplary service from this place with my co-workers , family , and friends ! thanks again guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get a car wash ! love the atmosphere , well thought out details while you wait . a great place to get gifts and food , you 'll be entertained beyond the time it takes for the car to be washed . i recommend going when you are hungry ! a few minor spots were over looked on the interior , but the outside is sparkling and new , even the tires and rims are spotless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service , good guarantees on the car washes and i 've been there three times and never had anything less than exceptional service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so so so so slow ! friday morning , just a few cars getting cleaned and it takes me an hour . who has an hour to waste for a regular car wash . try cobblestone around the corner . much faster and your car is just as clean for a little less money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lovely delicate food at a high price . a simple breakfast - a tiny slip of a croque monsieur and a drink - can easily top $ 20 . i left charmed but hungry . i do have a terrible weakness for their macarons : little meringue cookies sandwiched with lemon , pistachio , strawberry , or chocolate buttercream . they 're worth every penny .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love patachou . i come here once or twice a week , the food is excellent and the prices are reasonable . usually i am here at lunchtime with my son , and we will get 2 hot chocolates ( half-and-half hot choc & milk for the kid , real stuff for me ) , 2 cheese croissants , and 2 macarons . comes to around $ 15 . today i had a lovely creme caramel . they also make wonderful danishes , sandwiches , cookies , tuiles , salads , and gorgeous cakes . in the winter , they offer mulled apple cider , in the summer they have a lovely mint lemonade . the staff are friendly and helpful , we are so happy to be regulars here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son is a clarinetist ( a pretty good one ) ... .and i know diddly about that instrument . so when his horn started squawking the week before a big audition , i asked his instructor who to take it to , and he reco 'd mike . the shop is small but bustling , and mike has always been thourough in explaining what is wrong and what needs to be done . his prices are very reasonable , and the turn around time is always fast . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to make urgent visit to mike today because my son 's sax was n't working . it took him 10 seconds to diagnose the problem and 2 seconds to repair it . he also made our day by not charging us because we are regulars . he is awesome and honest man . highly recommend . we 'll be back i am sure of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my alto saxophone to mike nye for repairs whenever it needed some tweaks . it needed some again and a few weeks ago i noticed mike moved his repair business out of his house and into a storefront on the se corner of rural & guadalupe . i dropped my horn off in the morning , he looked it over and gave me an estimate and told me it would be done later in the day . not even a few hours later , it was done . now , i credit this to timing on my part ( no big rush orders ) and mike 's love of saxophones . that said - all instruments are welcome . i asked about business and was told they have already outgrown the new space and will be taking over another space behind them to expand . so if you have a horn that needs some tender care , i highly recommend mike nye .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this guy is awesome ! i took in my son 's baritone to have some minor repairs done and i was very happy that he was able to do them while i waited and at a reasonable price . no complaints , will go here for any other repairs that my son 's instrument needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have an instrument that mike services you would be a fool to go anywhere else . we have been bringing our instruments here for over 5 years and could not be happier with the service . any reason to see mike is a good reason . you will leave his shop with total confidence and a smile in your heart . yes . he 's that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my children have been playing various instruments for over 8 years now and a recommendation from the band director brought me to mike . he delivers fantastic quick service and might even play you a tune on your freshly tweaked instrument ! thank you mike for making the upkeep of our musical family so easy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place i will take my son 's saxaphone for repairs . mike is quick , does an amazing job and is very reasonably priced . though it is a bit of a drive for us , we would n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called to get a quote on getting my kids sax cleaned . the person on the other end explained that they ca n't give quotes without actually seeing the sax ... which i understand . but , right from the word go , this person was a complete ass . absolutely rude and arrogant . if you ca n't be respectful to people you had better not expect their business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brought my tenor sax in , and the lower register was off . it took 15 minutes and $ 10 for him to fix my octave key , put a new pad on a palm key , and fix a dent that made several keys out of place . this is the first place to correctly fix it , and the staff was very nice , polite , and extremely helpful , and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taken in my son 's saxophone twice over the past year . both times service has been excellent . this last time i was in a time crunch - band concert that day and he was able to fix while i was there . fast , knowledgeable and good fair prices for repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike was great ! i needed a full overhaul on the pads for my flute and i needed it done in two days ... he was awesome and did it for me . very professional and helpful . would definitely recommend . i very much appreciate his ability to squeeze my flute in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place really is dreadful . i asked for a blow dry with round brushes ( resulting in big curls ) , which is my normal request for blowouts . the stylist refused to use the brush size i request and the result was a stick straight blow out ( easily achievable at home ) . moreover , the stylist ( simona ) was very rude , and did n't even respond when i said , `` how are you ? '' this place is seriously complete crap and a total waste of money . this is my fourth visit , so shame on me for returning . lesson finally learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here a few weeks back for a blowout the day before a wedding . the lady greeting me who happened to be my stylist was n't very personable and i felt like she was n't really listening to what i had asked of her . having very thick , curly and frizzy hair i said i 'd like it quite sleek and a flat iron to be put through after , as a bit of humidity instantly ruins my hair . she seemed to mask the poor blowout by trying to overload the products using a clay and a tonne of hairspray . in the end it did n't feel smooth and sleek and i had to partially restyle it the next day . considering i went to flaunt 2 weeks prior and had a blowout that lasted 5 days and still looked amazing , i wo n't be in a rush to return to blo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently decided to be lazy in getting ready for a wedding and opted to head to blo and have them do my hair . i brought two pictures depicting the kind of style - which was very simple - i wanted . the stylist was n't able to replicate this very simple , soft & wavy blow-out . i could tell by the stylist 's technique , or lack thereof , that she was not an accredited hairdresser of any kind and quickly came to realize i could have saved myself 58 $ ( cost plus tip ) and done a better job myself . i wo n't be back because , as i said , i can do a better job myself . i will say however , the establishment was very clean and lovely . the staff were friendly as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first time at blo at this location and i really liked the people here but i did n't love my blowdry . the blowdry was good but once i got home , i noticed my hair becoming more and more frizzy . my stylist did n't blowdry it all the way so i was a little disappointed . i feel like maybe the girl i had just was n't experienced enough but my experience otherwise was great next time i 'll try someone else there who 's more experienced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you can use a blow dryer , straightener and do simple curls you do not need to spend your money here . the woman i had seemed inexperienced , i could have done a better blow dry ( quick and rough ) , i could hear my hair breaking . i paid extra for a braid which was done quickly and with little skill . i ended up with a part horizontal on my head with a braid at the front , back combed and curls at the back . it was hideous . i did n't have the time or heart to tell the woman doing it as she was very pleasant but i 'm not sure the staff is trained to do more than a basic blow and curl . not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so picky about my hair and the 3 times i 've been here - my hair has been perfect ! the stylists i 've had ( both male ) were exceptional and efficient . i would recommend this location over yorkville . there they made me look like shirley temple .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful , awful experience here . the store manager , sonny , is very dishonest . i went for an iphone upgrade but declined insurance . he told me `` you do n't respect the responsibility of having an iphone '' and `` girls like you are victims of apple picking where people steal their phones . you should be afraid of not having insurance . '' despite his fear tactics i did not agree to insurance . i found out later that he fraudulently enrolled me in the insurance program anyway . i was also sold a car charger for $ 24.99 and when i tried to use it got a message on my phone that it is not certified and will not work with my iphone . of course , it 's not returnable . this was an unbelievable experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place ever ! do n't buy there , they wo n't help you if you have any issues ! ! ! for example , i got a iphone charger there . the return policy gives me 14 days to return . after 3 weeks my iphone shows the messges it ca n't recognize the charger anymore due to its not an original one . i paid 37,40 $ -more than i got the original charger from apple ! they wo n't return it. , actually they wo n't talk to me ... hmmm . after corespondence with verizon i understood thats just an indirect store . they do n't have to do anything with verizon . its just a cheap place with rude employees thats useing the name of a big and good company like verizon . if you need something from verizon go to an oficial verizon store ! than you have the garantee to be greated and treated !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my sister switched to verizon at this location and was lied about the contract was told that the iphone 5s was free , was not told of the billing agreement . then when she realized that she had been lied to she couldnt return the phone . the lady was rude and flat out refused to return . very dishonest sales practices and something that vzw should look into because they are misrepresenting the company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my goodness , is this place average or what ? the overview . - lunch service is very awkwardly staffed , with no clear entry point or host to seat you - prices are outrageous ( and yes , i know that 's a vegas thing , but still ) - location is fairly dated given the surroundings ( mandalay bay ) - food quality is average at best skip , by all means . there is better japanese food in las vegas , i guarantee it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a review for the bar & lounge area . i gave the server $ 20 for two drinks when i received my drinks and she did n't have change on the spot . she claimed that the bar tender was the one to ring everything up and give change . it took about 15 minutes to get my change , enough of an irritant to move on and never patronize this bar again.seems to me that this lounge needs to make a major process change in the way it handles transactions . i 'm sure there 's an army of consultants that can help out in that regard . sayonara forever mizuya .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we chose this spot for lunch because the other sushi spot at mandalay bay was closed . regrettably . it was happy hour which was a plus so i ordered the eel roll and miso soup . the soup was good , however the eel roll was so fishy that i could not tolerate it . i sent it back and just ordered a california roll which was also very gamey tasting . my friends had the box special and both said the teriyaki chicken was dry and there was no dressing on the salad . overall a very poor experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pen was our servers and she was phenomenal . party of five for lunch was a little over $ 400 . food was outstanding . mai tai 's were great . setting was perfect in front of a tv playing usa dream team basketball from past years . it is a no brainer . expensive ? sort of ... who cares when it is good-", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first stop after getting to the hotel -- we wanted a quick meal but definitely wanted sushi . the atmosphere was pretty loud considering it 's in the middle of the casino . a great cover band was playing , but also just a little loud . it did n't take away from the meal at all , though . pricing was very reasonable across the board . we enjoyed the red dragon , tiger and sweetheart rolls which all were very fresh , well prepared and delicious . we would definitely go back . again , if you 're expecting a restaurant atmosphere you wo n't get it here . i would give the food 4 stars and the ambiance a 2-3 star rating . .. so overall , i 'm giving this a 3.5 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was by far the worst sushi we 've had in years . the fish seemed fine but the rice was old and soggy . it had absolutely the most horrible consistency . the prices were typical of vegas so no surprises there . but i would eat grocery store sushi before i 'd go back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "happy hour what what ! we came in for an early dinner ... . or was it late lunch ... . either way , the sushi was fresh and delicious . the atmosphere , in the middle of the casino floor , managed to feel intimate . i guess you expect crazy amounts of people everywhere in vegas , but this was a much nicer experience at happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sitting in mizuya as i write this review . been here about 45 minutes now . i ca n't tell you anything about the food , because we have n't received any yet . hopefully they feed me before i finish this review ... nope , they still have n't . update : after an hour of waiting , a manager of another restaurant came over , apologized on mizuya 's behalf , and then moved us to his restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "7 4 : a las vegas sushi tour starting at the south end of the strip ( with recent visits to yellowtail and nobu ) ... this one is located in mandalay bay . i would give this 3.5 stars ; great food , though the front host was n't present for a couple minutes to seat us . they had a live band nearby covering popular songs , which was pretty loud . it 's pretty good free entertainment if you enjoy loud music , but not really my scene . just an observation , affects the rating in no way . our waitress was fairly nice , average . i wanted something light before my family dinner later that night . this meal was just right . -japanese snapper ( sashimi ) .. $ 18.50 -halibut ( sashimi ) .. $ 16..both plates were fresh and awesome..5pc ea..maybe add double the pieces to justify the price -yellowtail sushi roll ( 8pc ) .. $ 9 ... pretty good quality , fresh it would be really nice if the poker room comps were usable here . i 'd come back again if i was in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after our trade shiw , we decided to grab a bite and sat at this place , .. it is located at the mandalay next to the casino ... service very mediocre ... food , we had a sushi salad that was swimming in mayo ... literally swimming ... awful ! the miso soup , something as simple , not tasty , i would even suggest buying the ready to go , it 's better ... as for the rolls , these were ok just ok , nothing special . for us , we will go elsewhere for lunch once the show is on ... been there done that !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch , i think i should have gone else where . it should have been a sign that i did n't really see too many people dining here any other times of the day . the rolls that i ordered tasted almost like those you 'd find at a supermarket ( and not the kind that make it there ... ) . the rice did n't taste fresh at all . for the price they are charging the food needs to taste like it was made there not some factory else where or a supermarket .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best sushi chef in vegas ! ! ! a true japanese trained chef . everything was made fresh and on time . it did n't even feel as if i was having sushi in the desert . for a second i thought i was oceanside having fresh cut sushi ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a sushi lover avoid this place by all means . the cut rolls are expensive and definitely regrettable . the rolls were sloppily put together , small , plus they only gave you eight rolls considering the average price was about $ 17 . also there sashimi was semi chewy . great sashimi should melt in your mouth ! granted most sushi bars are expensive in las vegas ... but i have had better sushi for the same price at restaurants on the strip . i would pass if i were you . go to shibuya at the mgm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was not good . tried three different pieces . everything was very poorly made and nothing was fresh . very unhappy since we stay at this hotel all the time . needs some serious work in all areas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stopped here because their dinner special was reasonable . it was about $ 20 for some sushi , one drink , a salad , and miso . overall it was n't nearly as good as the sushi i 've had in la , but the salad was at least good and i left full", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very excited to eat here , it was nice to have a sushi break for lunch . the service was awful . i ordered a spicy sushi roll , miso soup and a beer . simple ? well apparently not . when the sushi chef informed the waitress about my beer order , she immediately started complaining about how much of an inconvenience it was for her . i also thought it was odd that i received my roll before my soup ? the sushi was n't great and the soup was okay , but i got food poisoning from this place that evening.. 2 days into my vacation . there are so many other sushi restaurants in vegas , i definitely would n't give this one a shot . not worth the hit or miss experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good sushi ? totally ? overpriced ? you know it . about $ 18-20 for their specialty rolls . it is what it is . live band started playing around 10:30 i think - good ambience and good eats before a night out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and just go get sushi from a nearby grocery store . you 'll save a bundle and wo n't feel like you got jipped . you wo n't miss anything in terms of quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a late meal fri night with the family . best service i have ever had . anywhere . our server , john -originally from hong kong , was amazing . food was very good , not the best sushi you will ever have , but good . band was loud , but we could talk to each other . will definately go back , and will ask for him as the server .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service and horrible food . would not recommend anyone to go eat here . to top it all off our waitress could n't speak any english , she constantly had to repeat herself so we could understand what she was saying . save your money and go somewhere else in vegas to have sushi ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible food quality , and worst customer service ... found bone in sashimi , complained to manager on duty last name `` kim '' and first word she said was `` it 's fish , sir . '' kidding me ... how about an apology first ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this place is only three stars ? their sashimi is always fresh and prices are very reasonable . this is one of my favorite places for sushi and i have experienced the best ones on the strip . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , it 's in a casino , and it 's busy ... we tried 3 different sushi rolls - all were ok , but not terribly outstanding . there are better sushi places in vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was fresh and ginger sailad was awesome . it is proud from a pricing perspective but the bento box is somewhat reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "other place was closed . this is a very good sick . had the spicy tuna , and another specialty role which was all good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a weird sushi lounge.. it has an open space so your right next to some sort of dueling piano bar live band so if youre not in the mood for live band loud music.. this place isnt for you . i ordered tamago spicy tuna rainbow roll seaweed salad everything was okay ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best sushi in all of las vegas . fresh , large portions and reasonably priced ! we make sure to eat here at least once every time we are in las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here for the cosmoprof and we had lunch with work . i do n't know why this place got bad reviews . our sushi was very good and fresh . maybe because we were here on a monday . we ordered spicy tuna roll , california roll , specialty tuna roll , yellowtail and tuna sashimi and a dynamite roll . we all loved it . i thought the service was ok . the only thing i can say is that the rice fell off the rolls so it got a little messy . not a biggy though ... the sashimi was excellent . i will be back next time i am in vegas : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the best sushi that i have found so far in vegas . it 's a shame that they may not ever have amazing sushi , not living on a coast . however , when you are in vegas , and craving sushi , it is n't a bad spot . they are quite expensive , but buy one get one free sake carafes do make me happy . the service was mediocre , but i really enjoyed the rolls , especially the mizuya roll and the sweetheart roll . this would have recived 4 stars , but then the house band began to play . the music was so loud , we could no longer continue the conversation at the table . the male singer was good , but the female singer was just awful . she screamed her songs , and the sound guy gave her an echo at an attempt to hide her terrible voice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not eat here . we had the scallop roll and there was a funky scent to it like it went bad . they still served it to us . i refused to eat it . i also noticed that the slices of cucumber sitting with the raw fish looked like it was several days old . this place should not offer raw seafood . from what i saw and smelled i 'm not sure if they follow food safety protocols .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sushi was alright not the best i 've tasted but good enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible service . horrible food . appetizer came out after our entrees . do yourself a favor and go somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i saw this as number 1 on yelp when i did my search , but i did n't see the 3 stars . this restaurant is located center of mandalay casino . the menu is limited to primarily sushi with 3 selections for dinner of either eel , chicken teriyaki , or a vegetable curry . the sushi that my friend had did n't state california roll ingredients in it , yet it came out with a california roll inside and topped with ingredients on top as suggested in menu . there was n't a wait time since area was practically empty around 5:30pm . i will not be going back to this place . it lacks imagination to create a unique sushi roll and menu is mostly drinks and sushi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "spicy tuna ... ... tasted barely ok. something i 'd expect at an all-you-can-eat in omaha ... .. spicy albacore ... .. see spicy tuna . fresh water eel ... . good", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got the dinner special and it had the soup , delicious salad , a couple of rolls and a few sashimi 's and niguri's.. it was good , pricey but id go again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first impression very bad server ... . forgot the beer n the edamame ... .the sushi itself was delicious but very ordinary ... oh and the sweetheart roll was gross , the honey mustard mayo was miracle whip ... big disappointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had lunch here on our last day at mandalay while the bf was at vip services checking out . there were a few different lunch specials , i have a soft spot for ikura , so the ikura don it was . salmon sashimi + ikura over sushi rice . this was heavenly . there were five large pieces of salmon sashimi , and much more ikura than i expected . it definitely filled my sushi craving . the price was reasonable for a sushi lunch for one . i looked over the regular sushi menu and was n't terribly impressed , but the next time we are at mandalay and i 'm hungry and the bf wants to sit at a roulette table , i 'll be back for another ikura don !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was great when we got there , but the sushi was mediocre at best . it was way over priced for the lack of flavor . the atmosphere was also not great . this was not what we hoped for from this experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sushi wasnt bad actually it was gr8 i just want more or different rolls .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've eaten here several times . the sushi is always good , as is the service . contrary to other reviews , i thought it was a nice calm quiet place to go . would eat here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love mizuya ! my husband and i frequent vegas and we always head to mizuya to listen to phoenix ! they are awesome and they sing all my favorite classic rock songs and then some ! the servers are friendly and fun ! definitely a fun vegas bar lounge if you are n't into the club scene .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sushi ! wonderful service ! happy new year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slim pickings at mandalay bay so this place is ok . i at least was able to enjoy tasty food - great seaweed salad and veggie rolls . sake was decent . i am sure i will be back next year !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was disappointed with the food this time . the spicy yellowtail roll was too spicy . they over did it with the siracha sauce and spicy mayo . i did n't eat much of it and none of the servers or sushi chefs noticed . the rice on the nigiri tasted not so good . it was hard and maybe undercooked . i also had a tuna specialty roll and though the portion was large but the rice was ehhh . the service was n't bad except for not asking if the yellowtail roll was okay . do n't think i will go back though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had an enjoyable lunch here with friends and family . although it may be in the middle of the casino ( or so it seems ) it just felt like we did n't miss a beat . we enjoyed socializing and drinking away . the sushi rolls are like any other place that i have been to , so it was n't bad . do n't forget to check out their specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very good sushi . maybe its the quality of the rice ? it was like they took it out of the fridge ... it was cold n hard . im probably spoiled , but when it comes to sushi should n't we be spoiled ? ! got the sushi craving out , and ambiance was cool ... ..but i more than likely wont come back . i 'd be better off a the food court : - (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "run of the mill sushi . if you 're staying at manadalay bay and want sushi but do n't want to leave the hotel , then eat here . but do n't expect it to be great . it 's just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i met up with a group of friends to take in the music of the night . we started with nashville unplugged then transitioned into phoenix . nashville unplugged was amazing . if you have any country in your would at all you will absolutely love them . they are personable as well and encourage you to go up on stage and dance ! phoenix is a classic rock cover band . they too are amazing and really kept the crowd going throughout the night ! both bands take breaks throughout the night so you will have plenty to time to eat , gamble , and refill your drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , good service at the sushi bar . do n't let the other reviews scare you away ! nothing life changing , but definitely an awesome lunch stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi ... well done and served with class . mizuya was the choice of our visiting friends . they liked to look of the restaurant and wanted to stay close to the hotel . we were seated immediately and the menu was explained , to avoid confusion in the ordering process . the server even offered to split checks , which made things very convenient . the portions were perfect , the chicken teriyaki bowl was very well prepared and the cocktail options were very interesting . the prices are about what you would expect at a resort and honestly a bit lower than we were planning for . the service was very good . there were a couple spills and some misunderstandings , but everything was handled professionally and we had a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "has been great every time i 've eaten here . the tuna poke with the seaweed salad & ginger dressing was on point . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok sushi , not anything that was shockingly great about it . spicy tuna roll was insanely spicy ... over priced but hey it 's vegas !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had yellowtail sashimi and a few rolls . the hamachi was excellent quality if not a bit on the thin side . the rolls were fine but far from spectacular . overall not bad but overpriced for what you get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is junk . i generally like mandalay bay but a huge disappointment . i 'm writing this hoping the management sees this . here watching football on a sunday . sub par service . have to chase waitress down . moscow mule . terrible ! ! ! and the tv situation is weak ! ! ! ! really a multimillion dollar resort . get your act together . lots of places to spend my money besides this hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nay , nay , nay , with kumi close by the only reason to come here is if you want sushi at lunch . prices are high , quality is so so . i am really disappointed in particular by comparing this to kumi !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for lunch . the service was good , got my food really fast . the eel sauce was a little sweet for my taste though and there its some type of false heat in the rolls . the atmosphere was nice though , especially since it is in the middle of a casino . in chicago the prices would be high , but in vegas it is normal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing . fish . my buddies and i came here before hitting the vegas nightlife , and boy were we pleased . spicy scallop hand roll was amazing . if you like your fish spicy , this is a definite winner . the salmon sushi was really fresh , almost melting in my mouth . and the spicy tuna was really great too . all the spicy sauces were n't like any other sushi joint : instead of it just providing spicyness , it also packed a lot of flavor . waiters were always refilling our water and really responsive . price was reasonable for sushi in vegas . i hate giving five stars , but i had no choice for this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tiger roll ! not as fresh as i wouldve liked but pretty close . seaweed salad gets some props but the atmosphere in the middle of the casino is not that great", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there with the family-there were 7 of us altogether . we ordered 3 rounds of sushi family style sharing the plates as they came out . no one had any complaints about any of the sushi and the tiger roll was ordered in each round so i 'd say that was everyone 's favorite ! service was good , she did n't seem to hover yet was there everytime we were ready to order again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have eaten here many times when we wanted something light , did n't want to wait in line forever or make reservations . the sushi is good , nothing extraordinary , but the place delivers ! the service is quick and the drinks are cold , so there you have it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great for a quick afternoon bite . plan on going between 11:30 and 5 in order to take advantage of their happy hour prices ( $ 7 roll ) . we had the spicy yellow tail , spicy tuna , and eel roll . all were fresh and tasted great ! i normally do not like eel and i actually enjoyed it . the waitress was friendly and quick and there was no wait for a seat . like others have mentioned , there are plenty of tv 's to watch the game as well . so , if you are in the mandalay bay and need something quick , tasty and fresh , try it out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mizuya is a decent place to have sushi . the food is good but it is a bit on the expensive side for what you get . nothing stood out about the place . it just kind of lacked that special something to make it stand out . i did n't love it and i did n't hate it . i would probably go again if i was at mandalay bay and really needed to find something to eat as sushi is my favorite food . all in all there are much better and much cheaper sushi joints in las vegas . we spent $ 90 for 2 people and left still somewhat hungry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was fine for meeting friends for happy hour , but it 's not really a restaurant . it 's more of a station in the middle of the casino . there are no walls - just a raised area with partitions . i 'm not a fan . it felt too much a part of the casino , with the accompanying casino smoke .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i eat here a few times when i am at mandalay . it 's just fine in a pinch . only standard fare on the fish selection . the menu is not very creative , but they have the right ingredients ( like shiso ) to make something creative . you have to guide them though . fish is fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool setting in the mandalay bay . attentive service and the food is sufficient - $ 20 bento box for lunch with chicken teriyaki , rice , salad , miso soup and 4 pc california roll is not a bad deal , considering vegas . the rolls are pretty pricey , but again ... it 's vegas . good place to grab a quick lighter lunch than the typical fare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were dining here and we were so happy to find our favorite waitress who used to work at caesars palace here ! ! enny is so amazing , friendly and sweet ! i was so happy to see her again ! ! thanks for the yummy meal and great service from enny ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an average place for sushi , albet overpriced . i ordered a roll and salmon nigiri and it was quite pricey for what i was getting . my nigiri were small ! and they tasted okay . i 've definitely had better . the roll was alright . no real complaints but it was n't amazing either . convenient though , if you 're staying at mandalay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fail . ahi poke was not ahi poke..it was an ahi seaweed salad for $ 15 . no bueno . the sushi was okay , it was n't all that great . this is place is just convenient for hung over people craving sushi at the mandalay . i do not recommend if you want real tasty sushi . it 's not too terrible , but this is not an ideal sushi place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was good , fish was super fresh , the only down side was that the hot food i ordered was cold , even the miso soup was cold , she even told me to be careful cause the soup was really hot , i took a sip it was ice cold lol , all in all it was good , a little pricy but it was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sweetheart roll ! ! ! i used to get the deluxe sashimi but over priced . i like the edamame and miso soup and everything ! c : mandalay bay has gone down since 2008 and so many food places has changed or closed but mizuya 's food is 10 10 . i took a star off because during dinner they have a loud band playing and it 's not really music everyone would like and customers have to yell over the music to have a conversation . i still come because the sushi is just that great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love sushi , & i love mandalay bay , but this sushi deserves a minus , absolutely terrible , unbelievably bottom line quality and just horrible . be aware ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dinner here was ok. rice with sushi was a bit old and hard . little disappointing . probably wo n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the bento box lunch which consisted of a chicken teriyaki main accompanied by salad , miso soup ( excellent ) , cali rolls and rice . everything was tasty ; the chicken teriyaki was a tad salty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hungry for sushi , and in vegas ... got pointed here . hit the happy hour , and there is a decent selection of things for cheap . was good , but the rolls were smaller than i am used to . but $ 5 hot sake and kirins , $ 5 rolls and sushi - who cares .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great salon ! having thick , curly hair , i have always been a little apprehensive about changing anything . that changed when i met ginger ! she always knows exactly what to do to give me a fresh new look . the salon is cute and trendy , the staff is always friendly and welcoming , the prices are reasonable , and ginger has an amazing way of working her magic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "krista is always awesome and does a great job ! been using her for many years and followed her here when she moved to this salon in september . and this place is very inexpensive too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "krista has been doing my hair for year . i love the new salon . been getting my hair cut colored and styled here since they opened . always a wonderful experience . prices are very reasonable with daily sepcials . thursay is my favorite day to go in cuz they offer free champagne . the salon is very neat and clean . i love the girls . check out website for price and specials . www.lasvegashairandnails.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice newer gym : ) two floors . lots of cardio and weight machines , and free weights . all co-ed . large fitness class room . there 's a wide column in the middle of the room , but there 's a tv monitor so if you get stuck behind the column and ca n't see the instructor , can watch him her on screen . gets busy sometimes , esp after work , so try to go earlier if you want to do a class during busy times . hot yoga studio is okay - not hot enough and was closed for a long while due to construction repairs . great massage chairs by the entrance exit . generally , the staff are friendly and helpful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this location , its pretty new ... rip to the old premier location , iv joined the dark side . iv tried their zumba classes , and let me tell you that instructor knew what she was doing . iv noticed mostly all their classes here fill up pretty quick which is a great sign . they keep this location very clean i love that ! the staff very friendly and helpful just in case you need help with the equipment or info on anything regarding the gym . i think ill make this location my second home fingers crossed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they need better hours , on weekends they close at 6pm . should be a 24 7 gym . not very much time on weekends . very busy from 6-8pm , ( ca n't find a bench ) . very packed . from 9-11pm very light , barely anyone there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gym is amazing ! wonderful location and really great equipment . the real reason that i love it is that my trainer is amazing - i work with victor , and i 've seen such an amazing improvement in my strength and agility . i feel so much better than i did before , and it turns out that my body is capable of so much more than i thought ! victor is really clear , flexible , and super patient through all of my complaints - he 's the reason that i use this gym .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good facility and clean only issue is the attitude and ego of the trainers , they honestly treat all normal members with a complete lack of respect or care for what they are working on . they only consider their clients and try to push you aside during your own set . they also need to add in a punching bag and striking training area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had dinner here and it was n't bad at all . all you can eat for less than $ 25 is very good and you get 10 % off if you pay cash ! sushi was fresh and well prepared . service was a bit slow but the food made up for it . a nice find in a out of the way place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought it was newly opened , it should be quite decent . however , when i poured the soya sauce out to the dish , i saw a little fly there ( those very tiny ones ) ... . ok , asked the waitress to change a new one , and the service seemed ok . the sashimi is ok , but the sushi pizza is really really bad , it 's cold and harden ( the pizza part ) . i was very disappointed for that.. i also ordered fried noodles , disappointed , it 's not professionally seasoned and cooked , it 's more like a chinese fried noodles . terriyaki beef , ca n't chew it , it 's even worse than a bubble gum ! and do i have to mention about the flies again ? ? i totally saw three flies in my soya sauce dish ... it 's crazy ! how come there were so many flies flying in the restaurant ? now you can judge the cleanness of the environment . sorry , i wo n't go back again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "apparently changed owners names since the last time i was in the area . they have an all you care to eat lunch with penalty phase for unfinished whig i found interesting . what i did n't find interesting was both the soy sauce and wasabi were quite tasteless . what usually would have burnt my nose hairs out quantity of wasabi i tasted nothing and the salty tang of soy sauce was missing . i 'm not sure if we got a bad bottle or what but it was flavorless for both of us . the rolls we ordered came out quite fast and the chicken noodle soup i had was good , but the low flavor from the spy sauce and wasabi was a let down . we hit it after the lunch rush and service was a bit i attentive and we had to hunt someone down to pay the bill", "score": "3"}
{"review": "try it last weekend . just like any other ayce . service was good . fish was fresh . the only thing i do n't like was the squid - both cook raw .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is great but saw the waitress picking her nose across our table , will not go back anymore", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a word : `` bland '' . everything about this place is one step below average . the service ; impersonal . the food ; somewhat tasteless . the atmosphere ; certainly not japanese ! in fact ... everything is chinese ; employees , music and lack of customer service attitude ( shares parking lot with the bank of china office building , so go figure ) . but then again , what do you expect from an all you can eat place - something i did n't know until it was too late to run . also , does n't take amex .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just went there tonight and i think it was pretty good ! but there are some things to improve on : - restaurant is too dark so it needs to be brighter - sashimi ( salmon esp ) shouldnt be sliced too thick . it should be cut as thin as possible . the good things at osechi : - service was good : ) - other food was great - delicious - green tea ice-cream is strong but not too bitter", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice and both times food and service have been great . sashimi was fresh , and they have some different stuff from what 's on the regular ayce menu of other restaurants . some stuff i feel are stand outs are the noodle soups , which has a nice drinkable soup base and other things like enoki mushrooms . they also serve black sesame ice cream ( not the white stuff with black seeds ) , and the best banana tempura i 've had in any ayce resto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely unimpressed : food was average , some things less so , and the service was typical of most asian restaurants ( i.e . lacking ) there are definitely better ayce sushi places out there . not worth your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the black sesame ice cream on the ayce menu is a pleasant surprise . the rest is a big pile of meh . the rice is pretty terrible . we went for a second round and included the ice cream ( red bean and sesame ) on the tick sheet . oddly the ice cream came first before the sushi items . hmmm . lots of ayce sushi places do n't have the most brilliant ability to get ordered items to your actual table . we were n't sure if our second round of sushi choices ended up in ayce purgatory so we started in on the sesame ice cream . it 's a bit of an odd taste at the start but smooths out in a creamy delight as it melts in your mouth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food : quick served , does n't have to wait too long ( even we came on friday evening ) . size per dish is a bit small but it 's even better : u can choose and enjoy different type from all u can eat menu . nice serving plate ( and clean ) . recommend : small dish of various types of salad ( i love mango ones , comes with color pepers ) . salmon sashimi . beef rolled with mashroom . good desserts ( than others ' all u can eat which their desserts is so watery ) service : nice and tips is already included when paid ( besides taxes ) . decor : nice and quite romantic . and , quite comfoy seating . ( the table we sat is just across the hall behind the cash counter ) . tip : cut coupon from chinese ' sing tao saturday ' magazine , which they had 15 % off if you pay by cash . ( but they still accept credit cards ) p.s . i think i will go back again ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i volunteered here and i would say i appreciate the work of the staffs here . i was on memory floor ( 3 and 4 ) . i spent a good 8 hours per day here . throughout the day , the residents usually have breakfast , sit and watch tv , have lunch , sit and watch tv , then have dinner , and then sit and watch tv some more . there is n't much stimulation going on for these residents , which i do n't think it 's good for their memory loss conditions . some residents ( 2-3 per floor ) get taken out to lunch , and some get taken out for a walk to local businesses . it sounds like the resident from other floors like this place . i 've eating the food here and they were pretty good . there is housekeeping . just to be fair , if you 're complaining about how bad the place is ... you must be doing a better job . so why not do it yourself ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new review i chose courtyard towers for my mother after an extensive search . i found it to have friendly staff , lovely grounds , nice rooms , good food , many activities , etc . unfortunately , shortly after getting my mother moved in problems began in the area of communication . the staff was eager to say whatever they thought i wanted to hear but were completely inept at following through . i have too many stories of poor service to even list here . in the end they completely let me down in the care of my mother and i feel that they actually hastened her death .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give it a zero if possible . if you want peace of mind and your loved one taken care of , look elsewhere . very poor service and getting worse . to much competition to settle for this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been using this hotel every time i go back for the last few years now ... . recently paid a visit to the hotel again , and they never disappoint ! ! ! great price & great staff ! ! ! very small & cozy , hotel has different sizes of rooms available ! ! ! highly recommend to those who 's looking for affordable pricing hotel at downtown montreal east area ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the weekend i spent at the hotel le st-andre . it 's right on the edge of the gay village , so if that 's where you 're planning on spending most of your time , the location is excellent . it 's also only a few minutes away from the green metro line , and a 10-20-minute walk from mount royal park , the old ports , and old montreal . the beds were a little hard , but other than that , i had no complaints . the front desk and cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful , there was free parking , free wifi , free continental breakfast ( croissant , bread , juice , and tea or coffee ) , and air conditioning in the rooms . it 's not the fanciest hotel in the world , but given the fantastic location and the amenities , the price is a steal . definitely recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why review a chain restaurant ? only to point out any significant variations from the norm . the only way this kfc deviates is that it 's slower . consistently . i 've been here to buy a couple small dinners and been asked to wait - `` we 're out of chicken '' . yesterday we wanted 30 pcs of chicken for a picnic . i can understand waiting a little while for 30 pcs , but we waited every bit of 30 minutes . and they were n't insanely busy . it 's summer time ; weather is good ; people picnic during good weather ; have more chicken ready .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "couple of girls behind me called inside and made their friend tell me they were closed . i 'm guessing it was over what i 'm driving because i had zero interaction with anyone . grow up children .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again . in all my years i 've never had service is poor that jonathon gave our car . rude abrupt obnoxious and inconsiderate . if you do n't want to work for kfc maybe you should try another place with fries.that is if they 'll have you ... somewhere in the south colonel sanders is rolling over in his grave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it just goes to show how little i know about football - i was in here recently , and while i picked up on the football theme , i had no idea of the hibs connection and the fact the stadium was just down the road . aaaanyway , the pub itself is actually quite cool - its a bit old man pub-esque , but the staff are friendly , the atmosphere iswelcoming and even when there is a big bunch of rowdy football supporters in the pub the whole place still feels quite fun and relaxing . drinks are cheaper than you may have expected , but service can get a bit slow and sloppy , but other than that , an alright place for a pre-match drink . as long as you support hibs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've only been to the harp and castle once as its so far away from where i live , but if it was closer i would probably go more often . the decor and general atmosphere inside feels fresher and more spacious than the other pubs in the area . it 's definitely a pub for the hibs supporters ( makes sense as the stadium is just down the road ) and has club memorabilia on the walls , even on the bar itself . this is n't overbearing , however , and it still feels like a 'real ' pub . the staff are friendly and the drinks are surprisingly cheap with tenants costing only \u00a32.40 . the customers are mostly locals who seem pleasant and do n't give off those intimidating vibes you sometimes feel in backwater pubs . the harp and catle is well worth a look if you 're in the area as it 's cheap , friendly and also does a three course pub lunch for only about \u00a38 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heavily influenced by local hibs football club , this place is more for the lads than the lassies , and my boyfriend seemed to like it even though he 's not a hibs fan himself . the bar is pretty nice inside , modern and traditional combined , and the front doors and windows open out into the pub so it 's nice if there 's a bit of sun . the pints are about \u00a33 , spirits are a bit more , and they even do some nice pub grub , with three courses on a set menu coming in at under \u00a39 , with traditional meals like fish and chips . this seems like a pretty good place to go for a nice pint and a munch , nothing more , nothing less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking for a special gift for my sons 18th birthday . i called element and spoke with pete about some suggestions . he was very helpful and i purchased the perfect gift . my son was amazed that his mom would be so `` cool '' thank you for all your help . i 'll be sure to recommend your shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have bought multiple sets of wheels and tires over the last 10 years with rob , ryan and their crew of wheel experts . always top notch service , they 've never steered me wrong and the prices are always awesome ! ! ! i would n't hesitate to recommend them to anyone whether in az or elsewhere , i have had out of state friends order from pete and everything was impeccable . thanks element ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i shopped from their online store and i was extremely pleased by the amount of time they spent making their website to specifically cater to customization of wheels at different specs for different vehicles . their online store has such a huge range of products from reputable brands ( no replica wheels ) . i was also amazed how the website could narrow down the search to fit my car ( infiniti g37 coupe ) . i really learned a lot about wheel specs from going through the hundreds of wheels they offer . i do have to say i wish they actually had a shop in california because i like to usually see wheels in person ; however , i was satisfied with the quality pictures they advertised and the specs as well . i will definitely purchase my next set of wheels here and i will recommend this place to all of my car friends . i actually found out about this place from an infiniti car forum online and i was happy to find out that they did not lie haha . 5 5 recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pete has always provided excellent customer service and the best price possible . he goes out of his way to make the customer happy . you will not be disappointed with the level of expertise and willingness to provide a pleasant transaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picked up some tires from element and they were able to mount them on my staggered wheels without a problem . when it comes to tires , there are n't too many places to go to in the valley when you have specific wheel and tire requirements so element is a godsend for car guys in arizona . stretched tires ? no problem . balancing huge wheels ? no problem . they also have accessories beyond tires so shopping there is always fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the best , most reliable place to get the wheels tires you 're looking for . great selection available & have never experienced any problems while placing orders with element . ryan is the guy to contact for great customer service while making decisions on purchasing product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the bomb ! they know their stuff and have the proper equipment to service your custom wheels . i 'm a wheel fanatic and know what equipment needed for quality wheels . i can count with one hand how many shops in phx have the right tools and know how to use them . i drive an hour each way to have these guys take care of my tire and wheel needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to say thank you for the awesome customer service i encountered at element wheels . they helped me find exactly what i was looking for and got it done fast ! ! my ride looks so sick with my new wheels and tires ! ! ! thank you again element wheels ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place the best . their service is exceptional and ryan is a great guy . i have been a customer there for years and have never had a bad experience . they have the best selection of wheels anywhere . check them out . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing tire and rim shop . element team was very helpful and insightful on rim tire sizes with a great selection . bought 2 perfect fitting sets of rims and tires . best rim shop in az hands down ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the 328i tsw black 18 inch rims but the ride has not been the same since . it 's unsteady . initially they forgot to send me hub rings and insisted they were sent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i started looking into getting some new shoes for my ride and i found myself indecisive i just could n't pick out what i wanted . i called these guys and told them a few things about my car and with in 10 minutes obed had given me some great suggestions and we quickly figured out what was going to be the look i wanted . i really want to thank obed for being patient with me lol i asked a lot of questions and called him a ton . this is the place to go if your looking for wheels and tires and if you do ask for obed he 's genius when it comes to the business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has got to be the best place to buy wheels and tires , it was painless customer service could not of been better . really nice clean shop not pushy sale you what you do n't want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an online review and has to do with their customer service as i have not been to the showroom . i wo n't get into to much detail but very poor communication . was told rims were shipping one day only to find out they did n't ship for two days later and this was after substantial prodding on my part . i 'm not sure about their showroom but i will never use them or buy tsw again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lovingly referred to this place during our visit , as `` the ashtray '' . yes . you will walk out of there smelling like one , but you 'll also leave with a smile on your face ... some pretty nice folks hang out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . hands down best wings in pittsburgh ! ! all the food is great but the wings are my personal favorite . first class management and service ! try it for your self !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so funny about the one review calling this 'the ashtray ' . yup ! you smell like one when you leave , but the folk and the food do n't get no better ! ! we 're huge fans of their burgers and their buffalo chicken salad and sandwiches . fries are great too ! there is a dining area ... right by some pool tables ... in an adjoining room . not much smoke over there and that 's where we usually eat . but a lot of times we just chuck it up and eat in the bar . there 's always a shower in our future once we get home . with a belly full of good food and some beer and getting our money 's worth- we 're happy manny 's fans !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super fun bar ! sammy is a great cook and bartender . try the stuffed mushrooms w crabmeat or the giant muffaletta sandwich , both are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` the ashtray '' is a great nickname . really smoky and it gets in everything . if you 're not a smoker you wo n't like it . the crowd is mostly regulars who tend to give the hairy eyeball to newbs . the crazy bar arrangement can leave you literally sitting right in front of the main entrance , inches from the door . otherwise pretty average old-school bluecollar neighborhood place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have had verizon for several years and i just went in to ask them a question mind you there were two other customers being helped already . there were four employees , none of them acknowledged that i was there or even said they would be right with me . i waited for around 20 minutes just to see if someone would help me but no i did not receive any help nor did anyone say anything to me at any point . i have never had such poor customer service at any place i will never return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i swung into this location the other day to buy an iphone for my mother-in -- law . it 's her first smartphone , ever . i arrived just after opening and sat down immediately with an employee , john . anyway , we discussed what we wanted to purchase , that i wanted to change our family share plan to accommodate her new smartphone rather than the original basic phone , etc . he made the process seamless and found the phone i wanted , even though it showed to be only one in stock and it was nowhere to be found . john quickly uncovered where it was hidden , set it up and made the requested changes to our plan . i was in and out quickly , and with a toddler in tow , this can be a great thing . overall , i would highly recommend this verizon wireless store for your phone needs . thanks for an easy purchase and thank you for going above and beyond to find what i was looking for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store closed at 6:40pm today september 4th 2016 . they are supposed to close at 7pm . horrible ! one of the reps who works here drives a black mustang and avoided eye contact when asked why he was leaving soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new low in greed . buy a phone and plan from `` big v '' , and they want to charge you to move your contacts to the new phone . brutal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walked into the store with the full intention of buying two brand new phones and upping my contract . spent a good 3-5 minutes looking at iphones , another 5 minutes looking at samsung , then more time at the accessories , tablets ... and oh , did i mention that literally no employee whatsoever greeted me , approached me , asked if i needed help , or even acknowledged that i was there . go fly a kite - drive the extra two miles or whatever it is to the arboretum store where you 're properly greeted and taken care of . what is this - hollywood ? there 's no place for arrogance like this at a dang mobile phone store in south charlotte .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i went there john was very helpful and he explained all our options we ordered our new phones he called when they were in and he set us up left the store very happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buyer beware , this is not a verizon store . they are an independent retailer so if anything goes wrong , verizon can not and will not intervene . big issue . i have no idea how they can display the verizon banner but you need to know once the sale is completed , you 're screwed . read the reviews and judge for yourself !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved the store . russell was most helpful ! the store in my town has never been this attentive to my needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although this verizon location is busy -- it 's well worth the wait when you seek out help from mike or taylor . both of these gentlemen are so helpful and a pleasure to work with ! if you need assistance -- use this verizon location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience . apparently i purchased a faulty phone in august , 2016 . when i tried to contact the salesperson the next day , whom i will call b and who has the smallest hands i have ever seen on a human adult , he never returned my calls . b never informed me that the phone was in fact financed . when i tried to replace the faulty phone yesterday , i had to pay off the balance of $ 450 which i did not know existed , before i could get a new phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no resolution was ever given . they offered to have me call but that was to no avail . the call was a complete waist of time and any claim to the contrary is a superficial attempt to save face in front of people reading about this company on yelp . count all those 1 star reviews - they do n't happen by accident .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this yoga studio . when i was visiting my parents in murrysville last year i was looking for studios to practice in and found this place that is really close to their house . i visited them again this year for christmas and went to this place 3x while at home . i honestly really love the classes and find them to be very challenging and the instructors to be helpful . i live in nyc and to be honest , this studio is more challenging than a lot of the nyc ones . next time i visit my parents i look forward to coming here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you jealous of the lower gas price in vaughan , because you ca n't have it when you live in markham and richmond hill area ? your yearning is answered . located at the southern border of stouffville , just north of markham and east of richmond hill , this petro-canada station is usually 1 to 2 cents lower than regular price . the discount is no match to the 7-cent discount in vaughan , but it is better than nothing . the store is a typical petro-canada otherwise . you can enter the station when you go north bound on woodbine by-pass or east bound on stouffville road . the traffic islands prevent you from exiting the station and turn south or west . it is an inconvenience , as i must go north to tim horton and make a u turn to go south to return to markham .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly service and usually a few cents cheaper than in markham . usually there 's no long line up . on the other side of the intersection is another gas state , so they always offer a few cents less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have frequented this petro-canada for a few years . it 's at the southeast corner of woodbine avenue and stouffville road . a while back , when construction on the roads was happening , it changed how you turn into the gas station . if you are coming from the east , driving westbound along stouffville road , you need to turn left at the intersection , and then another left into the gas station . in the past , you could just turn left once . it 's a bit of an inconvenience , but it is what it is . there are many gas pumps . the problem these days is that the gas price at this specific location tends to be two to three cents cheaper than most in york region , so you may have to wait to fill your car 's gas tank . i picked up a habit of getting a banana popsicle at this convenience store whenever i 'm here . it 's only $ 1 and it makes me happy . staff are always happy whenever i stop in . ( 117 )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best orange chicken in the city and i 've tried oodles of different restaurants . everyone i 've taken to eat there has really liked their food too . it 's family run and the owners are super nice . she would know who i was over the phone even before i ordered the food . i moved 30 minutes away and still go there occasionally .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , wok and roll is still open serving mediocre chinese food without a lot of flavor . we sometimes go there when we 're too lazy to go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i dont know if this restaurant is still open . they still have a sign up and still on the internet but we called the other day and had no answer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice guys . clean boat . they were right on time and had the boat ready at the dock . easiest way to rent a boat ! i think i 'll do this once a month . so much fun with the family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rent for them last sunday , my son has a birthday we did a wakeboard witches was really fun after we learned the trick how to use it . they was nice explained to me very well how drive the boat . the deposit that i did $ 500 i got back at the same day after i returned the boat . very recommended , defiantly will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! needed a boat last minute because another rental company flaked and i called issac and he took care of me right away ! i could n't believe the service ! totally made me happy again ! going to go out on the water more often now i know how easy it is ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boat rental az water craft is great ! they are conveniently located at lake pleasant , online scheduling was a breeze and their introduction to the boat and the surrounding waters was excellent . we had a great time . i have a lot of experience renting boats and i must say that this was the most professional outfit i 've rented from . we will definitely rent from them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rent from these guys everything was nice and clean , very great service , i would really recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality boat so much fun with my friends ! ! great service , highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived at lake pleasant to go boating with this company . they arrived and the boat was filthy and had left over beer cans in the boat . the windows where so dirty you could not even see through them . the representative for the boat company told us he stayed up all night to fix the bimini top on the boat as it had broken on the previous rental . we asked him if he would clean the boat and windows and at first he said yes and after discussing the bimini top which was rigged on the boat i conveyed to him we would not be responsible if it blew off out on the lake . out of nowhere he tells us me and him are gon na have issues and he says he is not renting us the boat . we where in shock that he canceled the rental and all we did was express concern as the boat was a mess . the seats where covered in left over puddles from spilt drinks and garbage on the floor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh . just a basic tourist trap souvenir shop located in old montreal . a mish mosh of t-shirts , hats , canada paraphernalia , pins , and the normal items you find in these stores everywhere . they do carry some old school montreal expos hats and t 's though . cool throwbacks . of course i had to drop in and pick up a cheesy montreal magnet for the fridge . when on vacation it 's what i do . a sick obsession .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a joke ! ! ! ! ! ! ! beware ! ! brought three t shirts . after looking and finding the 3 i liked , i got the sizes and then brought them ! did not inspect them except for the size . 1 t shirt said large but certainly was n't . ( small ) one had holes in it . the other one was short . i called to ask if i could get the one with the holes replace and he gasped , never do i ship to the `` states '' , and you should 've checked over your merchandise before you left ! very rude ! ! ! ! luck you rely solely on tourism ! you certainly would n't last long with local clientele !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a tourist trap store but do n't fall for it ! the staff is rude and does not deserve your money . i chose a shirt from a table right in front of an employee , who said nothing to me . as i 'm waking to the register to pay , another employee snatches it from my hands and told me i could n't purchase it until tomorrow with no other explanation . find another store for your canada merchandise , i will not be returning tomorrow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were very prompt , knowledgeable , did not try and up sell me on everything , and were very quick in getting me out of there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never been there called 1 n 1 2 hr before they closed they told me come on in .i arrived the guy met me outside got my keys n in about 20 mins my truck was done .it is running smooth they vacced the front .service was great and prices were very reasonable.i have been going to my dealership but i was in a hurry so i looked them up in my area.i am coming here from now on.very pleasant experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best service i 've ever received getting oil down on any of my vehicles . they are honest and reliable . i would recommend anyone coming to this location . i just got off work and 15 minutes before they closed i over here the manager talking to a customer ahead of me not blindsiding her but treating her like she was family . i knew then this is the place to get my work done . i apologized ahead of time coming right before they closed and he without a beast said no worries i do n't turn down anyone . they entire crew was nice . if you need oil done go here . hands down the best . thank you to the manager ( terry ) and his crew . now i can enjoy my fourth of july weekend with a peace of mind when i drive to california .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . in and out within 30 minutes . i usually hate going to my oil changed because they try to get you to buy everything- esp when they see a young girl and let 's face it i do n't know anything about cars- the man was very nice and even took my word - no means no . painless . thanks !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i sat in the waiting area for 10 minutes , just to be told it would be another 20 minutes before they would finish . that would n't have been a problem but i 'm one of two customers . he has been here 20 minutes . 30 minutes for an oil change . why do you needle nose plires and a flashlight ? it 's just scary to see three people underneath the hood of a car . it 's an oil change ... not rocket surgery !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staff was very fast and friendly . came in for a synthetic oil change when it was close to closing . even though there is a overall low rating i loved my experience and will be returning due to my great experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to turn a gun in for it to be fixed by the manufacturer . ..walked in with it , dude at the door acted like we were planning on shooting him..it did n't have the clip in plus it was jammed..after 20 min he finally walked the gun back to be looked at . turned it in fine . .3 weeks later it 's fixed and rdy for pick up . go and get in the firearms line , 1 guy in front of us 2 working the counter . more people get in line behind us , guy standing around doing nothing ask what we need , tell him , he tells us to stay and wait , put the 3 behind us at computers to start their paper work ... .we stood there in line waiting for 40 min before we were called to counter . guy gets annoyed that he had to go find our gun ... really ... .worse customer services ever . ..guys name is matt k ... .avoid at all cost ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come in here often and buy all my ammo and gun supplies . therefore we spend quite a bit of money on a monthly basis . to have a cashier who has the worst attitude and the behavior of a child made me regret even coming here . they should not treat customers this way let alone a loyal customer who shops in your store often . the cashiers name is amanda ! ! ! if she does not like her job then she should find a new one . i 've never had such a bad experience until today ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool stuff . it deserves 5 stars . the people here are mostly all below average iq . there are so many of them that they seem to lack any urgency . despite the minerals employees , i 'm always waiting for someone to help me . i walked up to the customer service counter and 5 employees are there . the fact they did not jump to attention or even make eye contact with me is bitterly dissatisfying . i should n't wait for these idiots to notice there is a customer in front of them . cool stuff . could lose half of the staff , up wages , and not hire the mentally dull .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "called cabela 's last week before the store opened to see if they had ammo in stock . i was told by the lady over the phone that because of high demand , they ca n't tell customers who call in whether or not they have particular sizes or brand names . so i then make the 40 minute drive to the store . no ammo , which is fine , i understand the federal government is hoarding it all . but the fact that they wo n't even tell you if they have it is bullshit imo . i 'll be sticking with bass pro and local gun shops for my ammo , even if it 's a little more expensive . at least they do n't waste my time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this store ! i did n't even get to explore the whole place but i came in here to look at assault rifles and possibly pick up a canoe . the first guy that helped us with the rifles was super knowledgeable and had an opinion about every gun he took down from the rack . after looking at a couple ar15s , my friend told me about the special gun room where i got to hold guns i had only fired virtually in video games ... the aug , p90 , and f2000 . this store is 2 stories of all things outdoors and then there is even a giant aquarium with all kinds of trout and other swimmers . i wish there were one here in cali , but obviously , they 're smart not to put one in a state with retarded gun laws , so it makes the visits to cabela 's that much more special and amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped going to cabelas about 3 years ago because of the horrible customer service . for some reason the person doing the hiring only seemed to hire old bitter baby boomers who hate the world because they have to work still . want to buy a gun ? you had to be prepared to wait while the guy in front of you and the employee talk about obama and how he is the cause for the flu ... . i go there to shop not talk politics ! . i stopped in a few months ago to buy some biscuits for my smoker . it was nice to see some young faces there who were approachable . it would be nice to see a little more diversity in the employees but hey i get it this is arizona after all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff are really great at cabela 's . they provide some of the best customer service i have ever received and go out of their way to be helpful . if you need anything for your outdoor lifestyle , this is the place you will find it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not just for hunters cabela 's has always been fun to go to , even the kids enjoy visiting cabela 's , and why would n't they . inside cabela 's is a manmade mountain with several stuffed game , and other layouts of stuffed game throughout the store . there is a small cafe and a fudge shop with a great selection of delicious fudge to choose from . you can even sample and flavor you want prior to purchasing cabela 's offers the largest selection of outdoor sports items that i 've ever seen under one roof . i can shop for camping gear , clothing , pet supplies , shooting accessories , and winter footwear all in he same place . if your looking for anything related to outdoors cabela 's is definitely worth a trip", "score": "4"}
{"review": "filthy restroom and high prices , but huge selection . the bargain basement is great . lotta sales , we spent over $ 500 but you need to watch each item get rung up . they have wifi amazon always bets cabella . nice having binocular eye chart and factory reps . wide gun selection but you will pay over $ 100 extra ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if all good people go to heaven after death ; then all good sportsman go to cabelas ! that 's it , right ? the only advice i can give anyone here ' is to come with a few more bucks in your pocket and an open ended `` things to get '' list . there is always something on sale and plenty of bargains to go around . i 've just recently started buying some of cabelas name brand items and i have n't been disappointed yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cabela 's is a fun place to go . while i do like the outdoors i am somewhat of a minimalist . i like to frequent the restaurant here . the food is good and it is nice to order something out of the ordinary . the first time i went i head an ostrich sandwich and it was very delicious , had a taste close to pastrami . the next time i went i had the smoked elk sandwich which was very good , tasted similar to roast beef ... i know you are saying why do n't you just eat pastrami and roast beef but the taste are different so drawing a comparison is not meaning these are equal . they do have normal food if people are not as brave . have a bite to eat walk around and enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was really bad . christmas eve . asked the kid chef what an elk burger tastes like . he said he 's never had it , but he cooks it . now that 's a bad sign . i got two completely over cooked dried out buffalo burgers that tasted like the grill . also almost cut in half so he could see if it was done . two of those cost $ 20 . would have loved my money back . food could have been ok . kid chef may have been selling shoes before hand as that was the closest thing in the store my $ 10 burger resembled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to check out their `` huge '' firearms savings event . if you consider discounts ( on very narrrow categories ) of up to 10 % `` huge '' , then it might be worth your time . so the pricing gets 3 stars , which is probably generous . having said that , the selection was huge . not only that , but customer service is fantastic . specifically , kyle at the fa counter was very knowledgeable and helpful . i had a lot of questions , and he was very patient and gave really good explanations . zach and caitlin were also very friendly and delivered great service . the overall experience was a solid four stars . oh , and the cinnamon-glazed pecans : awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a waste ! if i were a red-neck yahoo , i 'm sure i actually would have gotten some service here . although i was in the market for a kayak and other goodies , it was impossible to get anyone to help . after searching the store to try and get someone to ask my questions , you could all but see them all but roll their eyes as i asked questions . it was like pulling teeth to get any help . i was n't going to comment until i went to dick 's sporting goods and had the opposite experience . i will never go to cabela 's again ! a complete waste of my time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends at work recently convinced me to give shooting a try and it turns out i love it and the place i like to equip myself is cabela 's . i have been here on 4 or 5 occasions in the last month to purchase ammo and my .40 s & w sigma . the staff is great 95 % of the time with your occasional grumpy gun sales guy . one gun counter guy took 15 minutes out of his time to talk with my wife about ordering a particularly hard to find .22 lr when he knew we would not be buying anything that day . the store is well stocked , large and has a nice ambiance . it does not have the lowbrow cold feel of a normal gun store . if you need outdoor equipment , firearms or whatever i would highly suggest them . they also seem to have pretty good sales all of the time as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were on the westside of town and had some time to kill so my bf wanted to show me this place . it 's like a dick 's sporting goods on steroids or something . this is definitely a place for the outdoorsy peoples . you can find stuff for fishing , hunting , hiking , camping and whatever else you 're trying to do out in the wilderness . there 's also a mini aquarium , a little shooting game where you shoot at targets with laser guns , a spot where you can test out some bow & arrows , a cafeteria , candy specialty store and so much more . it was very interesting to walk around and look at all the stuff they carried . i was also surprised to see so many people there purchasing guns in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday . imagine how many are sold daily . wow . its one of those things you never really think about ... but shocking when you actually do ... kinda scary .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now , i do n't use any of the gear in this store really . but it 's a place to pass a little time out from the heat . it has everything you would need for camping , boating , etc . i take my little one and we walk around looking at all the stuffed animals in there 'life-like ' settings . and there 's a great big aquarium tunnel of fresh water fish to see . the kids like that . then we 'll maybe look at some of the clothes and maybe have lunch . they have a cafe upstairs . they have many things , some basic like hamburgers , hot dogs , salads . but also some rare like elk , rabbit , etc . but do n't expect high marks on the food . it 's more of a cafeteria feel than a 'cafe ' . all in all , it 's just a place to waste a bit of time unless you are an avid outdoorsman .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i was little freaked out when i turned up this morning to find talk radio and sheriff joe , doing something to do with a book ? and the flag ? confusing . anyhow i got the chair i wanted for my husband ( zero gravity chair ) which was still in stock 2 days after thanksgiving . ( and still on sale ) after a few minutes of being ignored and i looked confused , someone did help me . the downer was they they do n't sell any of their bison or elk meet in a refrigerated or frozen form ( to-go ) and they did n't have any large stainless steel water bottles or lip balm which attached to your key chain , which are two things i was looking for and thought they 'd have there . they also did n't have a place where i could pull the car around to load up the chair , so instead i hauled it out to the parking lot . it was n't too heavy , so all 's well that ends well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "product is great.i frequent the store a lot . salepeople are okay if you get get one to help ya .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company has terrible customer service as far as i 'm concerned . they also made a firearm ammunition sale to me that was not according to federal law . i consider myself a reasonable person and understand people make mistakes . it is a very fun place to visit but their selling practices and and customer service on the management level are absolutely unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service was out standing . helped us find everything we needed . the store does need more help at the gun counter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you cant go wrong here ... as for deals they do have them sometimes you just have to `` hunt '' for them.. its a place you can find all your needs for anything outdoors , plus some extras . it has the aquarium which is good to help keep little ones entertained , along with all the mounts to look at . they tend to do expos there which is cool gets you introduced to different outdoor activities , favorite has to be the cooking with the cast iron pan coals ( drawing a blank on the right name ... ) food is delish and sometimes out there and you cant go wrong with the fudge ! ! a must for every visit . as for the parking , if they allowed you to park there for the game there would not be other parking for more customers . and it takes the parking revenue away from the stadium . so i can understand it . but i love it here we visit on many occasions , and stop into cracker barrel to eat when we do n't eat there . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what ever happened to customer service . they lost it a long time ago and want to blame the government for their under staffing and being out of merchandise . i have driven 20 miles out of my way , round trip , 4 times now because they ca n't transfer you to the guns department for a simple question . i wont be back . what a crappy way to treat people ! bass pro shop , here i come !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to love this place , but the last four items i bought there had to be returned due to defects , and they sold me rotten frozen anchovies that disintegrated in my hand when we tried to use them fishing and stunk to high heaven so badly i smelled them on my hands for an entire day afterward . seems they 're resting on faulty laurels lately . i 'm terribly disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm giving them 5 stars based on their entertainment factor . i just took my two-year-old son , and he was entertained for 2.5 hours . everyone was very helpful . we enjoyed looking at the animals , the aquarium , and playing with all of the shooting games . lunch at the cafe was very good as well . i live in phoenix , and it was well worth the 30 minute drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if buying a firearm be ready to wait a long time in line to purchase . 30 min wait before even getting to the counter . seems they have a staffing problem in that regard . doing an online order with in store pick up does not save anytime in the process . otherwise a great store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had an amazing time here ! it was like a museum with all the animals around , a little scary but amazing . there were tons of different departments to search through whether it 's fishing , hunting , camping , bow hunting , etc . this was my first and definitely not my last visit to cabela 's . the cafe was delicious ! ! i had the bison bratwurst with fries . i was worried it would be too gamey but it was n't and the fries were the best i had by far ! ! i will be back for more and soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here when i need something to do . i do n't know why but , its more of an amusement park for wannabees and families looking for something to do ... .the prices are n't great unless they have a blow out sale on something to get you in the door . thanks , i 'll pass , you can beat the crowds and prices online every day of the week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cabelas has always had superb customer service ! every time i have asked for help , the rep was more than willing to go out of their way to take care of any concerns . they have a great selection also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great outdoors store that has just about everything ... ..i have never bought anything here , but has been a great place to take people to sight see . i have even taken children here to check out the huge fish tanks , stuffed animals ( real ones ) and all the unique gear that goes along being a hunter , fisher , or outdoors type . i am sure the prices are not the best , but you go here for the huge selection of unique tools and equipment that is special to these recreational hobbies . anyways if i was an outdoors type , hunted , or fished , or just curious on taking up a new hobby this is a place to check out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give 1 2 more star i would . eating here , awesome , selection , also awesome , cool animal displays , the prices are a bit high ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the a-z store for the outdoors . a lot of people looking for arms and ammo which was a bit scary . but hey thats what they do here and they have quite the selection ! very impressive decor inside to keep you entertained while shopping in practically every section of the store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't eat the food in the cafeteria here but i have got to tell you about the boat repair ( marine ) department . holy cow we have been taking our crappy old unreliable boat to these guys and every single time they have been so fair and reasonable with us . they also are able to get the repair done asap in the summer which is usually not the case at most boat repair shops . each time they fixed our boat the cost was always minor but there was ample opportunity to exaggerate the repair ( like many other shops do ) . maybe its because cabela 's is so large and profitable they do not need to rip people off in the marine department . i do n't know why most boat places are crooks but if you want a trustworthy place to take your boat ... .bring it to cabelas ! of course they always have great prices on guns , ammo , camping , hunting , fishing , and every outdoor gear you can think of here too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is huge ! im not into hunting or fishing but if i ever decide to take up the hobby i know where id go . i kid you not , they have everything here ! camping supplies , hunting fishing equipment , boats , and even home decor ! the restuarant up top is really good also ! duck wings and bison burgers ! expect to spend a few hours checking out all the stuff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not really an outdoors person but this place is pretty darn huge . really big gun selection . i usually come here and wait for my husband to peruse . all the camo apparel they sell keeps me entertained .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here , heard so much about this place over the years . my expectations of a outdoor store was blown away by their customer service . i was unsure of the type of make boot to purchase for alaska winters . they were extremely knowledgable and patient as i decided and tried on several boots . they answered all my questions and spent am appropriate amount of time with me . after my purchase i went home and looked on the internet for consumer reviews about my purchased boot.and what did i see , but a better price on-line . i called cabela and they promptly refunded me the difference over the phone . great place for outdoor needs ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! huge store , i finally got my fix : - ) they had about everything i needed , lots of ammo to choose from , bought about 500 rounds ( 5.56 , .22lr , 9mm and .380 auto ) ca n't complain at all ! i also got some goodies for my ar15 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! all their staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable ! my husband and i went to look at smokers and we ended up taking one home thanks to maxine ! if you have any questions or interest at all in outdoor cooking shes the one to see ! i was so impressed ! the cafe upstairs is also delicious ! customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live right next to bass pro but i decided to go to cabelas to check things out . they had a diamond edge bow my wife wanted and online it stated it was 299 . i go to the store and it says 319 but i asked the lady helping me and she stated that the sale was no longer that price so i went ahead and purchased the bow . i get home to see that bass pro has the same bow for 299 and so i looked back at cabelas to see that the bow was still on sale ... what the hell ! i honestly wish i would have just went down the road to bass pro . i know 20 $ isnt much but every bit counts . the scenery of all the fish in the aquariums and mounted animals was cool and neat to see a albino catfish . i think though ill stick to bass pro .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well wo n't be buying a firearm again from them . i heard great things but so far my experience is not what i have heard . was n't told about timelines of backround checks and then have to drive 50 miles just redo it . about to get a refund and go back to az guns where i never had a hassle . the rep i spoke with was apologetic , but that wo n't make up for me having to drive 50miles . .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awful service ... .. no one offered to help so i just ended up leaving ! rather spend my money at bass pro ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as we all very well know , when it comes to outdoor sporting goods , cabela 's is the place . love that store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best store in the world it has a museum , arcade , cafe , and an aquarium it is so cool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had some issues at first but managment took care of , if your dealim ng with the achery dept ask for doug he knows his stuff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's alright , but i think bass pro shop is more fun . they have about the same type of things , similar prices too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had great service in the camping grill area . young lady named maxine brown helped me purchase a traeger smoker . great service and i really like my new grill . go see her for honest info . i shop at this location 1-2 times a month . no complaints , always a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to visit and the staff is awesome . 2 stars given for the staffing levels . it may just be my consistent bad timing , but they have been understaffed each time i come . 30 minutes waiting for help on the gun counter , did n't have ticket system in place because they ran out of tickets until tuesday , left counter . found used gun to buy , on rack , now waiting 30 minutes and counting to check out . 8 registers , 2 cashiers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's hard to pick 3 or 4 stars for this place . on the plus side , there 's a phenomenal selection of stuff , it 's huge and nicely laid out , clean , and well list . but the prices ... sometimes just out of line . for example we looked at a pistol that was $ 420 here and $ 370 at bass pro shops and other gun shops . the bargain cave is nice , and where you can find some really great deals . otherwise when you come here , have fun , but be sure to price shop on your mobile phone before you buy . their cafe is actually quite good , particularly compared to what i would expect from a store cafe . they even have wild game dishes available . the cheese curds are simply excellent . prices on the food are reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my only complaint about this store is the fact that no matter when i go , there seems to be one register open with a ridiculously long line . i ca n't tell you how many times i 've walked up with a few items , only to put them down and leave because i do n't feel like wasting that much time in line . they have several registers and lots of employees elsewhere in the store , so i 'm not sure what the problem is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unless your over 50 , getting help at the gun counter is a pain . i decided to buy a rifle and returned about 6 diffrent times to the store for ammo , targets , parts etc . getting help seems impossible at times , most of the people there are my dad or grandpa old which is fine but out of the 6 times i had one guy name brett who actually seemed eager to help .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have shopped at this cabellas a few times its a good store but nothing too special to write home about ... . they do have a pretty good sitka camo selection i will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very helpful and knowledgeable staff . always a repeat customer . they focus on one person at a time at the gun counter and their info helps you make the right decision .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is cool but way over priced 20 % over average retail , you are way better off just going to rei or bass pro shop . you can get the same or way better gear for a fraction of the cost .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "customer service here is horrible . employees walk by you and say nothing . never offer to help you . even when you look lost or puzzled , they dodge you like a bat out of hell . worse than walmart . they lost a $ 300 sale because of it . first time here and really not impressed . felt they were overpriced on a lot of stuff as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here once , but must say best place for men ... remember the days when you were a kid and your parents took u too the toy store ? well this is it for the big boys ... . hahaha once you step in , you can be wondering around and finding things you want and need for hours ... i just wish they had one of these stores in so . cal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it definitely is a `` big-box '' store for the outdoors-loving folks . pros : 1 . they have most of the things you might need for camping , hunting , shooting , fishing etc . 2 . return policy is good and they also accept returns on online orders 3 . cabelas.com has a lot of the same in-store items but for better deals 4 . price-match - they match their own online prices in-store without any hassle ( not even need to show the online product page ) 5 . best of all , their stuffed animal exhibits are just so much fun . cons : 1 . they are not the cheapest stores around 2 . the sales people tend to steer towards the expensive items , not taking into account what the customer needs 3 . crowds on weekends , but i guess that also shows how popular they are .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one retail experience i can honestly say i enjoy , the way the store is set up with 30 ft.~ aquariums , taxa deemed wild life scenes , and friendly customer service reps it 's hard not to enjoy . i 've been here maybe 20 times over the years and for the most part it has n't changed , the selection of guns is pretty impressive . i ca n't remember a time i was looking for something and could n't find it or asked a question about the products sold and did n't get a satisfactory answer . wait times are a drag but they are n't unexpectedly longer than usual if you look and see how busy the reps are , lots of customers , lots of waiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give them 0 stars because the customer service is awful ! i would rather make the drive out to bass pro shops . never coming to this store ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am upgrading my rating to three stars because of the pet exercise kennel horse stable area that they have outside their store", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a hiccup here last week . but i spoke with manager tim and all is well with the world . i brought our broken food dehydrator back and received amazing customer service from abbie . delightful conversationalist and very efficient at her job . this is why we shop at cabela 's . and who can beat their lifetime warranty on named brand products ? great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to take your kids to view stationary animals . food court upstairs too for when the kids get hungry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cabelas , people ... its fun ! coudlnt buy too much because i had only carried on for this trip to phoenix , and didnt want to have to also purchase a suitcase to get my new stuff home ... but this location is pretty cool . they have the big display , with the `` cave '' like hallways to other parts of the store , which is super fun . the restaurant here was good , the fudge was yummy ... and they even have a whole room upstairs dedicated to sale clearance items ! everyone we spoke with on staff was friendly and helpful , too . those who shop here in glendale are lucky !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is stocked with everything . bonus , a great learning experience for the youngsters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed in this one . i figured what ever bass pro shop had they would have . wrong . no penn reels . i wanted to buy another one . the guy told me to go online and order them . now that duck dynasty is a big hit , we figured we would look for duck calls . another disappointment . they only had two or three plastic kind , no wood . the guy there was n't much help on why they did n't carry more of them . this wo n't stop me from going to the one in dundee mi ! it is much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the first hunting goods shop i 've been in so i have no basis of comparison . buy by observation this place looked huge . i can see that any gun enthusiast or any casual hunter , would love it here . they have wall to wall guns and ammo . they had a huge selection of guns safes ( +1 for gun safety ) . they had a life size diorama of hunted game . my son kept trying to climb in since he fit between the bars . they had fishing equipment , hunting equipment , and camping equipment . they even had a laser shot gun range on the second floor . being the junk food junkie that i am , i do need to mention the stacked junk food display . all i kept thinking is , i need to find a cabela 's or similar near my house , because i am ill-equipped for the days the zombies rise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of cabela 's because their prices tend to be pretty high and many of the products they carry are their own brand ... so much for variety . the only things they seem to have a large variety of are fishing poles and guns .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cabela 's is a good store to go and just browse . the animal decor is by far one of the neatest things here . also getting any fishing hunting licenses here is a good thing because the people here are more knowledgeable then your typical walmart sports department worker . having said that i rarely buy things from cabela 's that are not on sale . i can go to target kmart and get what i need for much cheaper . if you are looking for something , high end , super specific , or just want to go check out the taxidermy this is the place for you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great variety of products . the staff is extremely helpful and friendly and the location is prime . they have a fresh fudge , too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cabela 's is always the go to place when i 'm in the phoenix area for hunting and fishing supplies . staff is friendly and always go out of there way to help and answer questions . very nice and clean store . very knowledgable staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place to get pierogis to make at home ! they have a large selection , with all types of fillings from the basic cheese and potato , to lasagna , taco , vegetarian and vegan options , and sweet ones like candy bar and strawberry and creme . they are friendly , affordable and have a special pierogi each month . they will soon have a cafe in the richfield so that you can eat in , which you currently can not do . worth checking out if you like pierogis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place very friendly . have to order ahead for hot food . have frozen prepared food to take home to cook . fresh pastry very tasty and have frozen too they also have various smoked sticks . found this place on google map . on the way home from cleveland to nyc very lucky that we found this place . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have such mixed feelings about this place . i feel like i 'm in a secret relationship between two places hopin they never find out about it . there 's specific pros to this place which make me love them.. 1 . they have a drive thru . makes it perfect to pick up or drop off when your limited in time 2 . they 85 % of the time have your dry cleaning ready the next day . 3 . early hours . 6am ? yes ! cons.. 1 . the younger 20 year old ladies in the front have no customer service skills and barely smile , talk or say have a good day . that bugs me . 2 . the prices are higher . most places i 've been to charge me 10 bucks or less for a suit and here it 's 15 . that adds up quickly when my husband has 5 suits . it 's a love hate relationship and i 'm torn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have used the lakes cleaners a few times now and have had nothing , but good experiences . they have quick turn around with laundry in by 9 out by 2 and have drive up service . no problems thus far . i would definitely recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply put : the way a business should be run . i have been using the lakes cleaners since i moved to las vegas and the work they do is exemplary . the owner 's name is carol and she could n't be anymore sweeter . she does n't just dry clean clothes , but she honestly takes a genuine interest in all her customers . not only does she remember whats going on with me , but i see her have these kinds of conversations with everyone who walks through the door . the summerlin lakes community is lucky to have this gem of a place serving it . her prices are reasonable and , her turnaround times are efficient and the attention to detail is amazing . you cant really see the lakes cleaners from the street but its in the plaza at sahara and durango behind the subway and 7-11 . once you find it however , i can honestly say you wont go anywhere else . going to the cleaners is n't a task or chore when visiting the lakes , its one of the highlights of my week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a problem with one of my bags on a trip to vegas . so had to get some clothes cleaned in a hurry . maybe i am a little spoiled were i live as usually have a pretty quick turn around . best i could do here was 36 hours . which was n't too big of a deal , but then asked how much it was going to cost and was told it would be $ 17 . then when i went to pick it up it was $ 20 . not going to argue about $ 3 , but when your in business you would think you would know your prices . will probably never need to use again , and for $ 25 could of used the hotels laundry service . the clothes were cleaned well and also folded nicely .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the dry cleaners of the rich and famous . paul gives 5 star service during every visit . just honk your honk and he 'll come out . you do n't even have to leave your vehicle , which is wonderful when temps reach 116 degrees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i 've brought them has been cleaned as expected . i did n't rate 5 stars just because i have never brought anything in too complicated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brought in my father 's old leather jacket that had n't been cleared in so many years i ca n't even tell you , they got it looking good as new . did the same thing with a white shirt i had actually stopped even considering white . it was yellow , had old stains on it , just.. it had seen better days , okay ? got it back looking white and beautiful . i do n't know what magic they use to clean this stuff , but its amazing . definitely recommend . a bit pricey , but you pay for quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought this would be a good place . i was wrong after we received some else 's cleaning and returned it , no thanks , no discount in fact they charged us more money ! ! ! ! ! ! what a ripoff $ 8 to launder shirts $ 6 to dry clean a pair of dress pants we have gone else where goodbye", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they closed early when i went to pick up my work clothes then just watched me knock on the door . i 'll never use this place again . bunch of assholes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used my dry cleaning coupons from the entertainment book in the past years for laundry shirts . not no more so just stick to all the cheaper same quality shops down sahara or durango . it will cheaper on your wallet and same if not better quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "right now this place is boasting a huge liquidation . i stopped in while waiting for a friend today , and it was like every rejected item from le chateau ended up in one place . while there was the odd cute item , it was generally just a sad sight . i felt depressed walking around there , not the experience you want in a shop . and so , i left empty handed and feeling as if i should have been paid just for being there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you love the shopping experience in places like winners and marshall 's , this place is a must ! i go there to shop my work apparel . i can often find suits , shirts , skirts , blazers and dresses to polish my wardrobe . if you are lucky you can find true gem . the shoes are particularly great . my mother who has complicated feet and a love affair with high heel only swear by them . men 's clothing is really great too . you can suit yourself up at very low price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you know , this place used to be great . it had amazing things for great prices . or so that 's what i remember . at the same time though , i was 13 and had no sense of style so maybe it was always like this ? the clothes were old and really beaten up . shoes were ok . the place was a mess . i walked in and walked right back out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we live straight across skyzone , but avoid them for their staffs bickering & attitude and the whole micromanaged space itself . aerosports is worth the drive & so much fun.,100 times better then skyzone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely great ! i 've been to skyzone quite a few times but definitely enjoy this location a bit more . it definitely was n't as busy and it was easier for us to move around and try new things . there are two dodgeball courts , one basketball section , an open jumping area , a kids foam pit and a regular foam pit . we jumped for about two hours and loved every moment . the facilities are clean and the staff is helpful and friendly . definitely coming here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very large , clean , well laid-out trampoline park . a separate sectioned off toddler area with mini foam pit , large foam pit , basketball hoops , dodgeball area and of course general trampoline area . also , it is warm in winter as opposed to another play area i 've been to . couches for guardians to sit , good concession and i could go on . they really seem to have though of everything . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the ultimate fun place to go to every time i come to this place i feel like a kid again because of the trampoline park and all the flips i can do , from front flips , backflips also at the basketball corner i can feel like all-star at the dunk competition and do some creative dunks if i can make lol . all in all this place is a defiant return for kids also if adults feeling to feel like a kid again come to aerosport trampoline park", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are really in the mood to get a sweat after a solid 2 minutes of jumping around like a child in a massive trampoline park , this is the place for you . almost like skyzone , with set times , some jumping-related activities and overall family friendly business , but more kids here , so if you do n't mind a lot of people , you should be fine . this place is a fun spot for a date , hanging out with friends , or a legit workout . who needs the gym ? ? just go to aerosports !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prior to the fozzy concert at altar bar , i was yet again in search of grub , and was foiled by lefty 's , which does n't have a menu . even though i am not a drinker , i was taken by lefty 's quiet , old , wooden charm . if i ever choose to dabble in the demon alcohol , i could imagine myself loafing about here without trouble . pssst . start serving up burgers and wings and such . it 'll be a hit ! it 's not as if there 's no room . this lefty ( and i ai n't talkin ' 'bout my hands ) endorses lefty 's for those who like the booze .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purple hooters , white russians , jameson , coors lite ... it sounds like an awesome buffet of adult beverages ( but wait - there is more ! ) we stopped in this place after a great dinner . it was very quiet with a few patrons sitting at the bar . the fun factor was very high - the patrons were in good spirits . the bartender enjoyed our tom foolery . i can not wait to go back to this place when there are people in the streets and more festive times ( steelers or pens game ? ) . service - awesome . my drinks were plentiful an served quickly cost - great - not sure how much becuase i enjoyed the entire buffet described above atmosphere - it is a dive bar but everyone was friendly so it was a + on the fun factor scale . i will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "under the definition of a `` dive bar '' , there should be a picture of lefty 's . this place was a total dive ... complete with cheap , stiff drinks and a hungover bartender . service was n't great ( not that i expected it to be ! ) , but like i said , drinks were cheap and strong . not a place i 'd bring a date if i were trying to impress her , but it was a good stop for a quick drink while walking around the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "greatest dive bar in the strip . come here for strong cheap drinks and to play video photo hunt or darts . they also always have paper-view fights playing and never charge a cover . seriously , lefty 's is clutch ... i love lefty 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as dive bars go , lefty 's would be king of the castle . centrally located in the heart of the strip it 's a nice place to pop in for a drink during a weekend of shopping . the strong tea for only $ 4 is serious business and does the trick . one is all you need . the bloody mary is comparable to one you can get at a high end bar restaurant for brunch . but have i mentioned it 's half the price ? only five bucks for a nicely spiced bloody . staff is friendly . mixed crowd with every walk of life except ( thankfully ) hipsters . from bikers to millennials , retirees , etc . patrons are always fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap drinks , try the strong island definitely not a long island mixed crowd all ages , shape and sizes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice dive bar for a break from strip district shopping . cheap drinks , expertly served . we stopped in with friends early monday afternoon . we had a few beers -- cold and cheap . a few people were having bloody mary 's , which looked delish . will definitely stop in next time we 're in the burgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a great dive bar look no further ! as a local i enjoy going in the daytime i end up running into people i know from all over the state ! night time has a completely different atmosphere , all depends what you 're looking for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still a good dive bar and many updates from what i remember as the 'silver bullet ' . great prices and good selection on beer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place on the strip for a good drink at a fair price . awesome atmosphere , lots of memorabilia . pool table , dart board , lots of bottled beer and the best drink prices on the strip since 2006 . top end dive bar ! ! ! yinz drink here . no jag off 's ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great `` dive bar '' ! ! ! walked in and felt welcome ! prices are super low ! ! people are friendly ! music is on point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place several times and used to stop in regularly after work when i worked in the city . cheap drinks , good pool players , darts and it 's pretty central in the strip . different days certainly has different crowds - weekdays are more service industry folks and the weekends usually get a rowdier group ( from what i 've seen ) . never had a bad time in there and will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your looking for a family bar in the heart of the city this is the melting pot your looking for . you never know what your gon na get when you go to lefty 's . if it looks good hit it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it here . coolest dive bar . not too smokey , awesome atmosphere , and it 's hard to spend too much money . i thought the bartender was pretty rad and down to earth . not scary at all . glad i finally ventured in", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skip this place http : www.redmountainteaparty.com actionitems 517meeting.html disgusting", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best breakfast around . you do not feel just like a customer here . jen , samantha , and shelly are the best hands down . if you are looking for great food and service come to this village inn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty awesome place ! i usually get the vib deal when i go but i decided to switch it up the last time i came here and i got the chicken fried steak breakfast with hash browns , scrambled eggs , and pancakes . the portions were huge ! everything was very good . i actually took the pancakes home for breakfast the next day . every wednesday you get a free slice of pie with your meal . plus they have early dinner specials that come with a slice as well . ( no you do n't get two ) i got the coconut cream pie and was delicious . service was great . i 'll be back if i 'm on that side of the valley again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee was crack in a cup but nasty tasting . the grand slam was half the taste of denny 's and the cakes were half the size . the service was excellent . thanks brandon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , what can i say , i love breakfast ! the chicken fried steak and eggs are to die for , the gravy tastes just like home , and the the cherrie crapes are just wonderful , there 's nothing bad i can say about village inn , the servers are always very friendly and helpful , and some locations are open 24 hrs , so that makes it even better ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an issue with this village inn , and the general manager was quick to contact me . the attention to customer satisfactory and the urgency to resolve is refreshing . thank you , jennifer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you go here go at night and ask for stacy she is also some best server i have ever had oh and the food was good and the pies are the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a regular here and want to compliment all the staff and management on everything from their customer service to cleanliness of the establishment . not to mention my food is always at proper temp and just the way i ordered it . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really ok place for a quick meal and the prices are very affordable . my own choice was the meatloaf dinner . this included a small soup , mashed potatoes , a side , and a nice cut of meatloaf which was individually baked . our party of four total cost was forty bucks . the premises were neat and clean , the waitstaff was a hoot and cheerful . i understand village inns are individually owned and operated so it depends on how well they are run . this particular restaurant is a keeper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food but slow service . much cleaner than j b 's across the street . but j b 's does offer biscuits and gravy as a side . village inn does have pie slice wednesday which is nice , but on that day they will not give you your aarp discount . i live that they give you a carafe of coffee . i had an omelet and it was cooked well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had breakfast vib . food okay but service slow , very slow . only one waitress , no host .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service , hostess extremely organized , great value and a great menu . we arrived on the value skillet day and were advised of the exact wait , seated and served coffee immediately until waitress available to take our order . only scrambled eggs was great a positive time saving approach and food arrived quickly and hot . fast clean up by staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we thought we would try a different village inn since we love the one on mc kellips so much . all i can say is go to the mc kellips one much nicer atmosphere and everything else . read my posts on the mc kellips restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tend to gravitate towards the old style , mom and pop , greasy spoons for breakfast and steer clear of the chain restaurants . this village inn is an exception . it 's been here a while , some workers have been there for 15 years and know their customers . it 's well kept , clean and friendly . did i mention the food is actually good ? this place has steady business for a reason . my only complaint is wifi only allowed me to upload 10 % of my youtube video . i think i 'll survive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for a late night tea and pie . b rating on wall . i understand why . service was a little slow to begin with . one of the pie plates was dirty with dry remains of previous customer . enough said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was slow . portions were small . 1st pot of coffee i got was cold . took 10 minutes to get hot coffee . ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits . after waiting everything was cold except the grits . i had to wait for a complete do over . when i finally received my order the portions were smaller than the orginal order , but everything was hot . i would only recommended this resturant if you are n't to hungry and have plenty of time to kill . prices i were too high for the portions they serve . i guess they need to do that to give a free slice of pie on wednesdays", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so many old people here . i call this place god 's waiting room . one old man was eating with his shirt completely unbuttoned . it was gross . it took forever to get seated . even longer to get our drinks . management yelling at employees in front of the customers to clean their tables . i 'm surprised they do n't pre chew the food the seniors who seem to be the only patrons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've grown up eating in this restueran but we ate there yestuerday and was really bad . to start our waitress looked like she picked up her clothes off the floor they were wrinkled and look clean . i had gotten breakfast biscuits and gravy country fried potatoes and bacon your gravy was watered down the potatoes were from a bag and we 're over cooked there was nothing about them that said fresh country or good . they need to go back to the old way of doing things because they 've really gone downhill . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "should be renamed small peter 's . food is pretty good , not going to take that away from them , and a large array of tv 's playing different games and shows is a plus as well . unfortunately , it 's all downhill from there . the service is terrible ! we had to chase down our waitress not twice , but three times , including when we wanted to pay . we found her in the kitchen , go figure . to the bill : $ 11.50 for a 22oz beer ! holy cow ! at least it was $ 8 after 10p.m , which is still about double what it would be at better establishments . the crowd was good , but a few shady characters , which is to be expected considering the proximity to central mesa . this place is competing with tilted kilt , native new yorker and famous sam 's , willy 's falls flat in comparison . their food does n't excuse their awful employees and exorbitant prices . drive a couple miles in any direction for a better place to watch the game .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok ... really ! this place so pisses me off and i am the duke . show some respect ... lol a paying customer asks for one simple request and they screw it up . not the first time either ... .like an idiot i give them the benefit of the doubt and they always mess it up . i go into the place make an order for 10 wings ... hot and extra crispy . the bartender repeats my order back to me and specifically says `` extra crispy '' right ? she comes back 15 mins later and brings my wings . in hindsight , i should have checked them then and sent it back . but i did n't . they were rubbery , nasty wings . what a waste of money ... i should have just lit my cash on fire . i threw them in the trash . i would not even make my dog eat that crap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not sure about the service at the bar .. regulars seem to run the place .. could n't evan watch women 's fifa on a main tv & they have four .. i did mr..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here to see my buddy 's band play in the battle of the bands and it was one of my first bar experiences as well . they had a good selection of drinks however i thought the price was a little bit much . service was almost non-existant , its basically one person running around handling everything , luckily i was only getting drinks so i could n't have imagined what it would be like waiting on food . overall it 's just aiight .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is disgusting . from the moment you walk in it smelt like a dirty bathroom , the smell was so bad when we got seated near the bar i coulnt take it & had to leave . this was my first time here and def wont be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only reason for two stars is that the beer is cold and they have plenty of tv 's . the place does not give each the appearance of cleanliness . the food was not good . the onion rings appetizer had 5 rings for $ 7.99 and had a weird coating . the turkey wrap was soggy and inedible . the philly sandwich meat tasted frozen and fries were not cooked through . waitress was nice and attentive , but wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only positive thing i 'll say is that they changed the channel to the game we wanted to watch immediately , and to be fair , they filled up our waters constantly . as far as the food goes ... holy wow . it was bar food that was worse than bar food . which is unfortunate because the place is actually really clean and really nice , so i was expecting a little but more . everything from the spinach artichoke dip , to the fish and chips , to the philly , to the cajun chicken pasta , it all looked and tasted like it was frozen and then microwaved . i could 've made better at the age of 13 . i hate to bash on here , but it seriously was a terrible experience except for the fact that my team won .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "will not make this mistake again ! arrived at 6:45 , happy hour ends at 7pm , snuck in an order at 7 ; 05 , at 8:05 we are still waiting for our food and the place is not even close to busy ! spoke with the manager who was less than professional and apparently it is my fault we do n't have our food because i took him out of the kitchen for 60 seconds . far better places to spend my money at . we are out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3 visit 's here . visit one was good , i sat at the bar , had a few beers and enjoys some nachos . all good . visit 's 2 & 3 are you kidding me ? both times were for sit down meals , no bar , which makes me sad , i like the bar mmmm beer . anyway , the food took over 40 minutes to arrive and it was only burgers , burgers i tell you ! the sad thing was that you would think waiting so long would produce a good burger but nooooooooooooo it was bland , nasty and burnt ! ! did i send it back ? no ! i have a rule when eating out , if the food is bad i either just eat it because i am hungry or complain but refuse any other food . it 's not that i do n't trust what they would do to my food it 's just well i do n't trust what they could do to my food . so summing up , if you eat here sit at the bar , the service is better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good selction of beer , but the service was blah . food was not great , but sort of expect if from a more bar setting . someone put a lot of money into the place , but they should care a bit more about what they put out now ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a chill place to enjoy happy hour watching a game or drinking a beer with friends this is the spot . nothing fancy about this place . katie at the bar knows how to take care of her customers , she 's the best.. from remembering what you are drinking to greeting you with a big smile .. the food is good ole bar happy hour stuff.. quesadillas - chicken or steak , potato skins , garlic knots , chicken wings , pretzels & jalape\u00f1o poppers ( these are different then what i expected , good .. but different.. bring your friends and share everything.. this is a neighborhood bar , nothing fancy .. we love this place..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to the area a few months ago and have visited this place a few times . each and every time it has gone downhill . i had the fish tonight and it , along with the coleslaw was disgusting . the cabbage was wilted and it had no dressing . the fish was very plain , no flavor just fried . my first time eating fish there it seemed better but this time confirmed i will not go back . very very disappointed . oh.. guinness in a mug ? ? really ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are 4 of us that do burger night on mondays . this chain is my favorite . i think the burger selection for $ 6 is the best . service is usually quick and good selection of beers . one problem that we seem to have - it is noise . the tv sound is played on overhead speakers and there was a game on ( ok it is a sports bar ) . sound was so loud that we could n't talk to each other very well . the other couple prefers another bar 1 mile away , since it is a sports bar but quieter . food is ok , but service suck . we asked to turn it down by us , but they could n't do it . next time we go , we will have to walk around the place ( lots of seating ) and see where it is quieter . the other fat willy 's we go is at the golf course on university hawes . they do n't have enough tables , so there is usually a wait , but it is somewhat quieter . so flip a coin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went there tonight for my daughter 's birthday . her pizza and wings were great and my husband 's french dip was good . i ordered the fish and chips basket and i was looking forward to a nice fillet with a light crispy coating , but it was pretty bad . the fish was very thin cut and the batter was greasy and chewy so i ended up pulling it off and just eating the fish . the fries appeared to be the end of the bag - you know - the small pieces that overcook easily . the cole slaw was really good , however . i would have sent it back , but it was fairly busy and only one server was on . she was polite and tried to get back to us when she could , but we wanted to finish up and get back home . i was disappointed , but as long as my husband and our daughter were happy - that is what mattered most to me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this bar and grill . they always have yummy craft beer or if they do n't have what i 'm looking they suggest a beer ive never had and its always delicious ! anyway , the wings are very good ! but the sauces seem to all taste pretty similar . i went on a monday for the $ 5 burgers and i got a mushroom and swiss burger ! it was great and my sweet potato fries were perfect : ) its close my house so that 's always a plus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wo n't be back . over and hour to be served on a slow night . had to reorder twice . cold food . no explanation . indifferent attitudes here . waiting for the potential food poisoning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow i ca n't believe that i still stop here . what a dump , have n't been here in awhile . decided to atop by . place smells like rotten eggs and people keep asking the question what 's that smell . the bartender says its not is . hahahahahah . food sucks service sucks . what a shit hole . never again . turnover like crazy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice hole in wall . food on menus is for everyone . i had appetizer southwestern egg rolls which were really good . kid had a club sandwich was good and fe had a buffalo chicken salad really good . $ 5 bloodies are good and if in area give it a try prices are pretty good too . service is on point as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited here on a whim and it was decent . the food was really good . my only compleat would be that we were just about the only costumers there and the service was really slow . but i will definitely be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my mom and i love coming here for lunch . they have so many salad options and their wings are very tasty . excellent service every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saturday night dj plus $ 3 drafts , i 'm in . i come here about twice a month always clean bathroom and tables . the staff is always helpful and cook is fast got ta have my wings and dos equis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of captain ... again ! runs out of tap beer , coolers need fixing . came in to a usually busy night to 3 only people tonight . went to university where savannah and rick know how to run things . quit treating this like a red headed step child in your chain ! if it was n't for the regulars , that pay the bills for willy 's , we would find another place . most of the staff are stellar too btw .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "come here all the time , great drink selection , love the wings and burgers . friendly service , everything i 've ordered so far has been good . 10 10 would recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service has been horrible . a guy called the night manager has let his employees pay more attention to their phones and friends than to the customer . food is good , beer selection good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i went to meet some friends at this place and had a couple beers and some shots . the service was terrible waitress never came up to take our order . we had to ask the waitress then she never returned . we then had to go to the bar to order . when we checked out they had charged us for twice as many drinks as we ordered . the manager was arguemenitive and reluctantly made it right . sad thing is i have been in during the day and this has never happened . this place was good when they first started but have lost the love of customer care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent wings . great beer . easy to find . staff was . nice . really injoyed being here . i will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came during happy hour and had great service . the food was amazing . everything was well seasoned and came out quickly . we came during the playoffs and the place was n't overcrowded . it was clean and the music was great . had a great time and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very smooth process . it was my first time renting a luxury car . i was skeptical about hidden fees catches , but everything was as advertised on their webpage . rented the 911 for a ride out to hoover dam . the car itself was great , just wish a few more miles came with rental , but all-in-all was a great afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rented a corvette for a family member from out of town , beautiful car , super clean , friendly staff , highly recommend . they also have lamborghini , hot rods , trucks plus regular cars , 10 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i rented a porsche 911 convertable from fantasy car rental for our anniversary . we had an amazing time and the service at fantasy car rental was the best we have ever encountered . the service was prompt , they picked us up from our hotel within ten minutes and got us on the road within a couple of minutes and had a great time . would highly recommend this place , we would return to rent again when we are in town again for another great experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to eat at this place everytime i head towards monroeville ! on the outside it appears shabby & dilapidated . i remember being afraid to set foot inside during my first visit ... but once in , all thoughts of fleeing are instantly replaced by thoughts of how much more of this amazing food can i stuff into myself ! ! udipi cafe specializes in south indian street food but they also serve several north indian dishes ( pakoras , chana batura etc ) . i usually stick with the dosas which are truly crisp & as close as u can get to eating the same dish in india . of the dosas , i love the paneer & rava masala dosas . a must try is the filter coffee ! ! a traditional hot drink from south india , this specialty instant coffee will be exactly what you need to round up your meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is in a pretty obscure place if you 're not familiar with the monroeville area ( outside of the mall ) . but if you can find this wonderful gem , udipi will leave your tummy satisfied and your taste buds stimulated . this is a very authentic no frills southern indian restaurant . the food is awesome ! the first time i went , i liked it okay , but was not completely sold . now that i 've been back a few times , i am hooked . you have to find your meal here . i usually go with some friends , so we order a few things and go family style . here are our selections if you 're daunted by the menu . appetizers : vegetable cutlet , vegetable somosas dosa : go for the masala dosa if you 're unsure entrees : palak paneer , alu gobi rice : coconut rice - it 's awesome ! and go to town , and try other things . as the other reviews have said , this place is really a great bargain !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go to udipi if you are looking for authentic . if you are looking for vegan . if you are looking for flavor . udipi is off the beaten path , but it 's definitely worth finding and experiencing . the thali a lot of variety , really quite wonderful . it 's a great introduction to the restaurant . i think the plain and simple decor only adds to the experience . note that the restaurant is closed tuesdays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though at first i was reluctant to drive all the way to the middle of nowhere for a meal , i will now very enthusiastically make the hike and evangelize to any of my friends who will listen to me of the tastiness of udipi . every time i make the trip i try to shove as many people as i can into my car and force feed them items off the menu , but i have yet to hear a single complaint . the food is very impressive to both the eyes and mouth . my favorite item on the menu , batura comes out steaming twice the size of my head and every time i burn myself trying to take a nibble immediately . the dosas are also a force to be reckoned with for they 're a good 1.5 feet in length and again absolutely delicious . i 've left udipi so many times with the best feeling in my belly and i ca n't wait to go back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little gem of an indian restaurant is hidden away near a large indian temple in pittsburgh . but if you make the trip out here , you will not leave disappointed . udipi is an all vegetarian restaurant ( meat eaters - do n't run away ! you need to try this part of indian cuisine , and you will be converted ... at least for a day ! ) that serves primarily south indian dishes , with a splattering of ( extremely delicious ) north indian dishes as well . get the fried idis , paneer butter masala with chapatis and the channa bhatura if you 're not sure of what to order ... . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a popular indian place in pittsburgh with a combination of hit miss food and mediocre service . we visited on a saturday night and the place was packed . few of our items took forever to show up.they mixed up some of our items with others and there was some confusion with the final bill . the only items worth mentioning were pongal ( rice cooked with lentils , laden with ghee , peppercons and cashews ) and mirchi bajji ( chillies stuffed with spices and batter fried ) . the vegetable cutlet is definitely stale and tasted really bad . overall , the food and service were sub-par .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zero coutesy at all ... no respect to customers food was neither fresh nor tasty poor hygiene never again in lifetime", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent grub . i 'm a lifelong carnivore , but forgot completely once the food started to hit the table . i really like the low-key atmosphere , also . genuine , without all the glam . `` meteor bread '' with the chickpea side ftw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "udipi cafe has ruined my life . my friends all hate me because i ca n't stop talking about how udipi 's food is the most delicious in america , i 'm broke because i ca n't stop driving out to monroeville and spending my last pennies on dinner there , and i ca n't sleep at night because i just need more udipi cafe . seriously , though , i 'm barely hyperbolizing . western pennsylvania should feel honored to host some of the best indian food around . the mayor of monroeville ( who 's that ? ) should pay udipi in thanks for being the only place of interest in the city . and did i mention ? all vegetarian ! authentic ! perfectly spiced ! cheap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wait staff should get negative stars , food is good though . waiter refused to customize order , refused to pack food . gave attitude the entire time . not planning on coming back because of him . i have dietary restrictions and this is a restaurant whose entire appeal is that it targets vegetarians . i think they can afford to customize a bit more . too bad , waste of a cooks talent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't like eating indian food out , because i prefer momma 's home cookin ' , but i will gladly go to udipi cafe ! the food is soooooo good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great people . excellent place to go to with family friends . perfect for vegetarians ! ! ( purely vegetarian here ) authentic south indian food . highly highly recommend . ample parking space . accept cash credit not the fanciest place , but you ca n't beat the food and prices . last word - i would recommend the south indian dishes over the traditionally north indian dishes here ( since this is a south indian place ) ... enjoy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place might seem to be a total dive but it the best south indian food around . i recommend any dosa and the spicy rasam vada soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best south indian vegetarian food for the price . some comments are about service not being the greatest , but that 's how small places with delicious food are . they care more about the quality of food . i know for fact that food is fresh here . yeah , you will need to communicate with them if you want better seating etc . every time i visit city of pittsburgh , i make sure to have a meal at udipi . i always remember the delicious taste of food from last visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not the first time i 've come to udipi , and trust me , i do n't always find myself tucked into a random town near pittsburgh . i first tried udipi a year ago and loved it . the food was mind blowing , authentic . the service ( or slight lack thereof ) was also authentic . and the prices were great . so no surprise , i asked my friend that we have to come back here the next time i was in town , and that we did . there is nothing on the menu i would n't recommend , basically you can have anything you want and it will be authentic , so it 's more up to what you 'd like to have in your dosas and whatnot . keep in mind this is a vegetarian place . the chana batura is one of their highlights because it comes as this giant puffed thing and is really fun to photograph . i got the spring dosa which was promptly inhaled . if you are able to make the trip out here , i definitely recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed by the service . we were hoping for a nice warm dinner before heading back home and stopped at udipi cafe on old william penn highway . the food was decent , but the service was horrible . it took them forever to take our order . my daughter 's food was not served until all of us had already eaten . we had to wait about 20 minutes for dessert , and it was not served till we had already gathered our things to leave . we tried to point out the poor service to the manager and he responded very disdainfully that the restaurant was busy , and there was no apology for poor service . we have been to plenty of restaurants that are busier and hold their staff accountable for providing quality . once again- disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best south indian food we had in pittsburgh , pa. worth the wait . masala dosa was the best with mango lassi . they do n't serve alcohol but you can bring your own .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the chance to dine here once , however , it was pretty awesome . we dined in a group of 4 and it was nice because we ate family style and got to experience several different dishes . be advised all the dishes udipity serves are vegetarian .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! best dosas hands down ! do n't underestimate the place by the looks , they concentrate on the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good authentic food . the outside looks very dull and the inside is pretty plain , but the food is great ! they have a really big menu and everything sounded delicious . the rice course had extra sauces that were good . would recommend the rose ice cream for dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good , but pricey . wish they had a buffet . service is slow and the place is always crowded . the servers do n't like to come even after signaling for them . last time we went the toilets were not working and people were still using them , and real dishes were replaced with paper products . i 'm not planning to return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reasonably priced south indian food . they have the authentic flavours . coming from south part of india , majority of the menu items are my favorite . i usually order fried idli , dosa , chana bathura , puri , manchurian and falooda drink . all the food items are served in right quantities and each serving is enough for one person . if you go here with a group of people , the advantage is you can taste more varieties . falooda is very heavy drink . one order can actually serve two people . i recommend this place if you are looking for authentic vegetarian south indian breakfast and meal items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered masala dosa , loved the food . they should increase the serving size for idli vada sambhar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service no one greeted us while entering ... a guys visited our table and served water ... waited for 20 mins just to get the menu ... . then the guy from counter came to our table and asked in a rude voice if u guys re served ... when we said no politely ... instead of saying sorry at the first place ... he shouted back saying u guys have to wait at the door to get seated ... and started speaking in a commanding manor ... . seriously ... man u are serving food not donating food ... seriously you need to take lessons on customer service ... . just because the other indian restaurants re far away you can not take customers for granted ... . we thought of ordering the second round however he placed the check at the corner of the table and walked away without even turning back at us as if we were eating at his place for free ... will never suggest these guys to anyone ever . thanks for your hospitality", "score": "1"}
{"review": "authentic south indian food in pittsburgh ? you bet ! come here for your dosa fix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "udipi cafe in pittsburgh is a south indian gem . for a flavorful spice in a masala dosa ( crepe ) , try udipi . the restaurant gets very busy after service from the nearby temple . generally , once you are seated , the waiter will take your order . make sure you eat with your hands ( after you wash them , of course , because that 's how dosas should be eaten ) . when finished , we just pay at the cashier . i 've always left full and satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kinda have some mixed feelings about this place . the wait was long and they took like forever to take down our order . to be honest they are not at all organized and i saw only one person taking down the orders and the other delivering it to the table . so i was n't expecting good service . if anyone knows udipi cuisine , they would know how good is the sambhar with its sweet notes . but the sambhar was way too sweet . and the avial was like the thai green curry and it was ok . the only good part was the dosa and uthappam . dining in this restaurant basically a ymmv experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome food . atmosphere is definitely not what you come for but the vegetarian indian food is delicious ! i 've never seen such a huge chana bhatura ! i come here every time i come home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say when i saw the venue i really was n't sure about the place . and inside the tables were a bit humble if you know what i mean . but it was full of indian people so i figured that was a good indicator right off the bat . and the yelp reviews i 'd read proved correct . everything was delicious . we ordered too much food for us to finish .. i guess our eyes were bigger than our bellies . give it a go . we came from out of town and were staying in a local hotel . this was a great choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a little skeptical before i came in here as ratings were below 4 . came here with family and ordered avial which was served with rice , mysore sada dosa and poori channa . we liked all of the above items and in fact avial was made home style . i would recommend this place for some one looking for a good south indian eatery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super late restaurant ! ! ! made us wait for 1 hour to take the order and guess what ! ! ! ! ! they took another 30 minutes to annoy us just enough and we left the restaurant . no one cared about our departure . no stars for this useless restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing ! i felt that the food and the plating was right on point ... reminded me of my visits to india . the service was very casual , if you are looking for 5 star service and always checking in then go to a fancy establishment but if you want a relaxed and limited interruption lunch dinner this is a great place . i would highly recommend this place for those that love indian food or those looking to experience it for the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i happen to chance upon this place on my way to pittsburg with my family and i am glad i made this stop ! as soon as you enter , you get the feeling you have entered a south indian restaurant located in india . we ordered various dishes compising of idli , vada and dosas . the sambhar and chutney were authentic and i think i ended up having 2 dosas : mysore sada and the pav bhaji dosa . you develop an appetite within minutes of being here and the service is quick as well . to add to this , the owner one at the counter was happy to direct us to places in and around pitt . one of the best south indian i 've had in us and a mandatory stop for all who 've never tried want to try simply enjoy a south indian delicacy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never really liked indian food until i ate here . this food is off the chain . the samosa is wonderful , the coconut chutney is lovely , and the vegetable curry is awesome ! they give you plenty of food , and it wo n't kill your wallet . we 've been in town for one week and eaten there 3 times already , with plans to go back . it 's addictive ! lots of vegan options ! the place is somewhat of a dive , but it 's clean enough for the workers to eat there , so i 'm good with that . very nice staff , helpful for those that are n't familiar with indian cuisine . lots of loud conversation and foreign languages mixing with pleasant indian music . even though the atmosphere is n't top notch , it 's a neat little cubby of culture , and i would recommend it to anyone , especially vegans !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at udipi and we do n't have much experience with indian food . read many of the yelp reviews for this place and decided to try it . have to say we really enjoyed it . very casual - good for bringing the kids or with a small group . they do take out . credit cards accepted . this reminds me of going to my hometown pizza shop - except they serve really awesome indian food . all vegetarian - just in case you did n't know . i read several reviews about the service not being great - have to say our waiter was very helpful and patient . good service . i also did n't mind the casual atmosphere - i do n't need fancy to enjoy good food . really nice experience . i wo n't get into our order simply because - as i said - we 're just not very familiar with it . my sense is that anything on the menu would be good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service , way under staffed . much improvement desired in the ambience of the place . food is fairly average .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "feels authentic , food is delicious and vegetarian . we who are fans of indian food are discovering many new dishes here . loved the rasam , a spicy soup , the potato bonda was excellent and the dosai were a treat , particularly the mysore masala dosai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , and very cheap . we had two terrific dishes . thanks , yelp , for the tip off that this place even exists . we stopped right in the middle of an 8 hour drive , and it was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , waiter was very helpful for my first time there . will go back again as i work nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great at this restaurant . we come here all the time , with the fam , and we always love it . the place looks run down but the food makes up for it . the service was quick and the whole meal took about 45 mins . it was a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "way overpriced for what you get . i understand this is n't a buffet , but you should for sure get more per order . i find the staff a bit condescending and they seem to make fun of you if you are not indian . i swear they have two difference priced menus , one for indians and one for others . do n't get me wrong , food is tasty but not worth the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice vegetarian restaurant . chola bhatura is my fav . also faluda ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great hole in the wall for some good indian food . cheap , authentic and very good . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst indian restaurant i have ever been . i donno what does that guy in the front think of himself . they owe some respect to the customers . food used to be good few years before but not now , and do n't even talk about the service . the worst service you would ever see . please stay away from that restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best and most authentic udipi restaurant i haven been to . authentic , light , good portions and lightly priced . amazing . a must stop for anyone driving past especially on the highway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove to this restaurant based on its yelp reviews to find it 's strictly vegetarian . sounds like the food is good , but i would n't know because i was craving chicken tikka masala", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch here . the sambhar was ok but could have been less watery . idli and wada were delicious . i ordered the spicy andhra dosa which should have been spicy as i had asked for it but was n't . my friend ordered rawa masala dosa , which was n't that great either . the service was slow and sometimes rude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "appearances are deceiving . even though , from the narrow road and neglected area it seems to be a terrible place to eat . it is the best indian restaurant in pittsburgh . i wish i had the opportunity to dine or order out from there more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy at billing was quite rude . they closed serving with a reason of food is yet to come . that tells me the dont make food at this place and serve ready made food . just a tip to them dont be rude to atleast old ladies have some decency", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered curry , naan and masala , told the server i do n't like any spice . what he brought me was too spicy . maybe i am too particular with indian food since i ca n't eat spicy . i endured and enjoyed the masala and naan but not th curry . otherwise service was prompt and prices were reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we are here 9 4 15 . service good and drinks were great . good was authentic and fresh . portions are huge so be prepared for take home . my only draw back was the decor . seems like an old wendy 's and tough to get ambiance . small drawback when food is this good we will be back ! sangria was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped here after a basketball tournament and i am so happy we did ! the service was excellent and the restaurant was so cozy and very clean ! and the food was delicious ! the bread was freshly baked and hot from the oven . the french fries were handcut . the kids were able to make their own pizza at the table and it was then cooked in the kitchen . and my eggplant parmesan was amazing . the portion was very generous and completely worth the price . next time we are back in middlefield , we will be stopping again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am seriously impressed with vinny 's . i came here with my mom yesterday ( 12 1 2015 ) and i had nothing but amazing service and great food . molly was awesome , brought us everything we needed was quick to get our order but was patient with the time we needed . the food was nothing short of amazing . the prices seem to be a little higher than most of the locations around here , but considering how much food you get its definitely worth it . every bite was taken with a mmm , i am seriously impressed . if i could give 10 10 i would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for breakfast and we were very impressed , excellent banana bread french toast and the service was exceptional . definitely would recommend coming in for breakfast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good . i decided to try the lagsania and it was n't worth the price . and there is a bunch of peppers in it so it 's kinda spicey . gave them 3 stars for turning a old wendy 's into a lucrative restaurant also only tried one menu item so im giving the benefit of a doubt other things will be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible . i would like to give minus 10 stars . we sat outside on a saturday night evening. , the tables have no salt no pepper shakers no sweetener for my iced tea but filled with ice and very little iced tea . i ordered the special pork steak it was so salty it was terrible the french fries had no salt at all and were on same plate with gravy of my pork which made some soggy and yucky . the portions were small my wife 's risotto was like a rock probably weighed 3 lb unedible . we ordered a sausage stuffed pepper appetizer never got it . when we told the server she basically smiled and said oh . of course we will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a great meal ! fresh salad , delicious pizza . the associates are very hospitable and friendly . service was excellent ! i will be returning to try the pasta !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible organisational , customer service and communication skills . very inefficient , unprofessional and lax . arranged a viewing for a flat which i had to take time off for . they did n't show up and when i called they said the viewing was a different day than they had previously arranged with me . i then turned up to new time and was interested in flat and told agent . he never passed this on to the office and i had to call office to find out about it 8 times . nobody knew what was going on and the process did not seem transparent or fair . basically because the people before my viewing seen it first they got it . no application or fair process . i would not rent a property with this agency . very badly organised and i 'm sure there would be lots of problems ahead with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the few letting agencies that give you a pleasant experience . when i was signing the paperwork , the woman in the office was lovely and really helpful . they explained very clearly what you were paying for , i.e the admin fees and what that covered . when we had any maintenance issues , it was usually dealt with quickly . the only downside was that my bathroom wall started crumbling and nothing was done about it for 4 weeks . other than that , i was happy with their service and would rent with them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not an expert climber ... i 'd rather say i 'm a n00b at climbing . the staff and facility makes me feel incredibly welcomed there . the environment is n't snobby and it makes anyone new to climbing comfortable being there . there are tons of parking spots . during the times i 've been here ( i 've been here about 4 times in a week so far ) , the facility has never been too jammed and crazy busy , unlike the ones downtown toronto . theres lots of space , room to breathe , and tons of areas to practice climbing . you usually do n't have to wait in line to climb a particular wall . i accidently cut my finger while climbing , and the staff were helpful to give me two bandaids to make sure it stuck on for the remainder of the day . what 's there ... bouldering , high ceilings , low ceilings , tight ropes to practice your balance , still rings , and more . free technique lessons every monday evening . this place is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my climbing gym and i think it 's pretty rad . the facilities are relatively new ( and as a result , clean ) . my only complaint is how busy the gym is getting . i 'm not sure if this is a result of the groupon that was available a few months ago , but waiting in line for climbs is getting ridiculous . coupled with the large groups of children having parties on the weekends , its starting to get way too crowded . tnc would benefit from expanding . not only would there be room for more climbers , but they could also consolidate all the exercise equipment into one area . right now the olympic rings and climbing ladder are on one side of the gym - while the chin-up weights general exercise area is on the other . feels a little disjointed . but other than that , i love this little gem of a gym .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for during the doors open weekend . to find the place was a bit confusing just like the name `` downsview park '' which implies that its a park..but its actually a big area filled with buildings and fields.. anyways took me a few minutes to find true north.. i dont think there was even a signboard or anything to say this was the entrace . once inside the wall climbing for me was quite fun . staff seemed quite cool ... all in all good place looks like a fun place with quite a few walls to do rock climbing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great gym . i have been climbing there for a few years , and they always update the walls . very helpful and friendly staff . clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dealt with youssef . i met him before and he never lied to me . do not go to baja on boulder ! - go to decatur ! i bought a car 10 months ago . youssef told me that in 12 months i would be able to trade in the car for a different one . he let me trade it in 10 months . on top of that , he got me through a bank . another dealership told me that i would have to pay $ 500 a month . i am new to this country and just building my credit . in 10 months , i got my credit to 600 by using this company . not bad for a canadian eh ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed with the salesmanship at baja auto sales on decatur las vegas nv . i was trying to purchase a 2008 chevy avalanche today from this location . there original asking price $ 21,999.00 after taxes and fees they were asking $ 24,500.00 the vehicle had low miles only 56k for an 08 thats low but were not talking about a fully loaded vehicle its only upside was a small lift kit and black rims tires bald . the truck did n't even have fog lights . anywho after offering to put down $ 8,500.00 cash they still would n't budge on price no discount what so ever . now understand this before you get taken advantage of . they said if i put down $ 8,500.00 on this $ 24,500.00 car my monthly payments would be between $ 373.00 to $ 400.00 a month yup thats right over $ 10,000.00 in intrest on a 72 month lone and my credit score is a 669 with nothing in collections .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "and baja autos strikes again ! i have to say ... these guys rock ! ask for chris and yosef . they seriously know their stuff . i got my truck from there two years ago and she is a beast . have not had a single issue with her . so now we have a 2015 nissan altima and she is sweet . hand picked for us by yosef . i told him what i was looking for and boy did he deliver . it 's something about these smaller dealerships . when you find one you can trust , you stick with it ! another a+ for baja autos west ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in looking for a car for my daughter 's first car . was n't expecting to find anything that day but we did . sunny was great and even got me a lower interest rate . really good people . thanks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give less stars i would ! do not do business with this place ! unprofessional scam artists ! purchased a vehicle and they failed to submit my loan paperwork in a timely manner so my loan expired with the bank . they lied and told me the bank denied my loan which i confirmed with the bank to be a lie ! the lazy sales team never sent my paperwork . they then lied to me asking me to come in to sign papers when in actuality they planned on repoing the car when i got there . it 's been over a month of returning the car and they have yet to refund my full down payment . i had to threaten small claims court to even get a half way response . matt is a complete ass and scam artist . the level of unprofessionalism is astonishing . i went to volvo and got a new car with an amazing salesman . never . never . never shop here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yousef and chris helped us get a great truck at a great deal ! thanks guys for being chill and no pressure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here ! ! place is full of crap the tricked me into running my credit on a car thinking something telling me it 's going to be this and then they ran my credit and then came out with something completely off of what they told me also there cars seem like they have been in an accident ! beware of this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i actually have never eaten here , but they have a great electronic shows here some nights out of the week . elliot lipp came here on a wednesday and it was a pretty rockin ' show . there is a huge college crowd that hangs out here ; plenty of girls and guys to groove with . i am not sure that i would come here to eat , because it might be a little of a culture shock from my dj experience . i can understand the concerns about the vip pretentiousness , but i do n't really care about vip , i just came here to dance . overall . it does n't compare to any clubs in atlanta for this type of scene , but it is charlotte , it 's what we 've got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hom and its many levels are just trying way to be hard to be cool . i was there for a party ( and a private vip thing beforehand ) and i was just kind of overwhelmed by how over the top the place is . it confirmed my suspicions . i was in what 's called the bubble room for much of the time . it was like a creepy dungeon basement with animal heads on the wall . gross . the bubble room is their champagne room and can be rented out . i do n't see why anyone would want to hang out in that weird space though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stumbled upon feast when all other restaurants in uptown charlotte were crowded . what a find ! the decor was modern eclectic . the food was incredible . their menu consists of mostly vegetarian and or organic entrees such as sandwiches , salads , and tapas appetizers . the organic chicken sandwich ( with spinach , artichoke , sundried tomatoes , and swiss cheese ) was out of this world . the items are very reasonably priced for uptown and the portions are just right . it 's the drinks that make up for the cost of the food . but the pomegranate martinis were perfectly blended and somewhat worth the higher price . i want to spread the word on how great feast is , but i do n't want it to get too overcrowded that it loses its intimacy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normalerweise habe ich meinen tee in einem kleinen , aber feinen teeladen in neugereut gekauft.die inhaber hatten richtig ahnung von tee , die beratung war spitze , es wurde ganz individuell auf meine geschmacksrichtung eingegangen , mir hat jeder tee geschmeckt den ich da gekauft hatte.dieser hat nun zu gemacht und so ging ich nach cannstatt . die dame war \u00e4u\u00dferst unfreundlich und die beratung war f\u00fcrn a ... ..ich erkl\u00e4rte ihr was ich suche , da hat sie platt `` da '' gesagt und mit dem finger auf ein regal gezeigt.ohne erkl\u00e4rung , nix . war das letzte mal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wie in jedem teeladen riecht es hier unheimlich gut ... hmmm ... in gabis teeladen gibt es viele ausgesuchte sorten tee , von sehr guter qualit\u00e4t ... au\u00dferdem gibt es fantastischen imkerhonig , der cremige rapshonig ist der beste den ich kenne . in unserer wohnung finden sich in s\u00e4mtlichen gr\u00f6\u00dfen filzuntersetzer aus gabis teeladen , die allerdings auch ihren preis haben ... wie vieles andere in dem laden , deshalb auch nur 4 statt 5 sterne , der preis ist mir oft einfach echt zu teuer ... aber die lage des ladens und die hohe qualit\u00e4t der waren bedingt dies auch sicher mit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an diesem hei\u00dfen augusttag war das betreten dieses teeladen eine linderung f\u00fcr k\u00f6rper und geist . in dem leicht klimatisierten gesch\u00e4ft wurde ich freundlich und kompetent beraten . einige sorten wurden mir pr\u00e4sentiert und recht umfangreich beschrieben . leider wurde aber keine probe , wie bei meinem letzten teeladen in der schwabstra\u00dfe , angeboten . na , nicht jedes gesch\u00e4ft ist daf\u00fcr ausgestattet , sollte aber standard werden . neben zahlreichen teesorten gibt es hier auch ein sch\u00f6nes , stilvolles sortiment an teeutensilien und geschirr . nach dem ich noch einen f\u00e4cher , zwecks k\u00fchlung gekauft hatte konnte ich recht zufrieden dieses ein wenig abseits gelegene teefachgesch\u00e4ft verlassen . eigentlich ganz ordentlich , aber nicht rundherum perfekt !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "interestingly ... i went here in person to buy a membership , the prices seemed really high to me so i ended up not getting a membership . after googling the membership costs i saw that they were much cheaper than what i was offered . i called a different location for pricing , they were very nice and offered me a price that was like half of what this location initially offered me . so i called back , acted like a new inquiry and he said `` i ca n't give out prices over the phone '' . i know the kid does n't own the facility , so i 'll blame the owner , who probably told him he had to say that . it 's 2017 . less transparency = less business . we all know that `` we do n't share our prices over the phone '' is code for `` we want you to come in so we can try to hard sell you '' . very bad business decision . i 'll be buying my membership from a different location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just joined anytime fitness at their new location on riggs rd in chandler az . very clean and state of art equipment . nice size for a small gym . they have a aerobic room that also doubles as theatre with tutorial workouts on a drop down screen . spinning bikes included with wide variety of program selections . the staff gm brenden is very friendly and provided a complete tour . price was very reasonable . 24 7 facility is a plus . two men 's private restrooms with shower as well as two women 's private restrooms with shower . looking forward to many workouts in a cut above well maintained and clean facility . five stars handsdown : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super , 7 tage kostenloses training w\u00e4hrend des urlaubes in den us . sehr nettes personal und sch\u00f6ne atmosph\u00e4re ... weiter so ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this summer i had 1 more month in chandler until i was off to college , but wanted to go to a gym for cheap ( for only 1 month ) . i talked to brenden ( gm ) and he gave me their best offer for the one month with no enrollment fee , etc . along with it i got a free 90-minute consultation with cody , and then signed up for personal training with the other coty ! i love everyone who works there , they are all so nice , and welcoming and really want to see you succeed with your goals . i have also gone to a yoga class with nichole on thursday nights and she is sweet too . i am so sad to be leaving for college soon since i found this awesome gym !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update june 2011 - now closed . soon to be terrace cafe 's second location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "two stars is probably over-generous ... i ca n't believe i spent nearly 20 bucks for a meal that would have tasted much better ( and cost less ) at arby 's . seated quickly but no napkin silverware . i went and got my own napkin silverware eventually , after the food arrived . slowwwwww waitress . i was just about to give up and leave when she finally noticed me . not an impressive selection of beers , imo . got the french dip sandwich au jus . bread was meh . meat smelled and tasted slightly `` off '' . bit tough . fries were good . check slow to arrive . did n't feel extremely welcome . the hostess was a bit brusque , perhaps b c she was having to rush around and do things that the wait staff should do ? not sure . they seemed understaffed . really disappointed . wanted to treat myself to a fun little meal at somewhere cool . just lost money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just relocated to ballantyne from miami . my roommate took me to this spot my third day here . i loved the food . reasonably priced for the portions . i had the lobster risotto ... .it was amazing ! ! ! ! my friend had a chicken dish , served with bacon risotto . also very good . the drinks were so so . the service was bad . our server would disappear for lenghty periods of time . at one point the mgr had to help us out . but none the less it was good ... .actually headed there for dinner tonight !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "am realty was the property manager for a home i rented for 3 years in las vegas nv . it gives me great pleasure to highly recommend am realty . tammy and her team were extremely fair and addressed all issues in a timely manner . am realty gave us a number of ways to reach them which is generous in those 'melt down moments ' . they did n't provide us with a number for us only to call and talk to a machine . she was n't only concerned with pleasing her client ( the home owner ) but made us feel as if she was equally concerned with our ( the renters ) satisfaction as well . am realty is extremely knowledgable of the real estate market and property management laws which we felt was beneficial when negotiating our lease , moving in and moving out . from a renters point of view i would gladly rent again from am realty . from a previous home owner , i wish i would have used am realty in manging our rental homes . it would have made for such a more enjoyable experiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in los angeles , got 2 houses in las vegas , managed by property management that i was very unhappy with . i was looking for another property manement company and came across am realty . i saw all the good review , but was not totally convinced , so i moved one property to them and kept one with the old management company what a different ! ! ! all of a sudden i sow money at the end of the month ... all of a sudden all my calls was answered and my issues addressed . needles to say the i moved my other property to am realty , and i am very happy with my decision . i would highly recommend am realty to anyone with property in las vegas . it is a great pleasure to work with tammy truong and marisa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are beyond good , they are great ! am realty was my property management company for a couple years . they did such a great job taking care of me as landlord , when it was time to sell am realty was our first choice . tammy and her staff made the transaction very smooth , from notifying the tenant to delivering keys to new owners . tammy got us top dollars for the sale of our house . overall great professional service from this company . i highly recommend it to friends and family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a an extremly wonderful group of people , professional , kind and `` on-it '' at all times . i can not say enough about the care that tammy and marisa give to all aspects of the business . as a renter and new to the las vegas area , both of them were extremly helpful and went out of there way to make sure everything was perfect . in working the am realty , as a renter and as a home owner , you are treated with respect . i would highly recommend working with tammy and her group for all of your property needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tammy sold one of our homes several years ago and did a fantastic job . this year we purchased a new home and it took several months for us to find our dream home . tammy would meet with us every weekend we were available without complaint and i 'm sure we gave her plenty to complain about . we are picky and very demanding and tammy did a perfect job , which is hard to find these days . if you are looking for an educated realtor with tons of experience that will work diligently to find you what your looking for or to sell your home , you do n't need to look any further .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tammy is definitely great ! my house has been taking of from her two years already as myself that traveling around world for work very rare be in vegas ! she take my house as hers and very organized for everything keep me informed for everything with just important things ! she knows wide different independent contractors if needed with very reasonable cost ! she is on top of everything as payroll and make sure finding the great tenant which never been late paying rent . i am so grateful to having her as my property manager to taking care of my house ! thank you so much tammy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closing next week ! tammy made everything possible . even in this crazy market after a short sale we were able to find a beautiful home in a beautiful neighborhood ! i will continue to refer tammy to my friends , family and co workers ! tammy is the best in town people ! ! best decision we eve made was working with her from the beginning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tammy is the best ! i worked with her for two years and have no complaints . she was always really easy to get a hold of and had the best sense of humor ! i recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greenmaid did an excellent job with a deep clean of our house before we put it up for sale . the whole place looked amazing ! the team was friendly and conscientious . i would definitely use greenmaid again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am in the process of moving to ohio . bought a house right next door to my daughter in akron . i arranged long distance ( kansas city mo ) to have a move out clean ( because the seller left a mess ) . the got the key from my daughter and did a wonderful job ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greenmaid is seriously the best game in town . they are simple to schedule with , everything from scheduling an appointment to payment is digitized , and the experience was so easy for me . melissa was my main point of contact , was so friendly and kind , texted me to let me know when things got started , and even let me know that she gave my pups treats and they were doing fine . my house was spotless when i returned . how they made my porcelain sink clean , even after i tried magic-erasering my hands off on it , i 'll never know . from dusting the fans to mopping the floors - no corner was overlooked . trustworthy , easy to work with , and thorough ! ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found greenmaid on thumbtack , and was extremely impressed . i recently purchased a duplex and needed a deep clean of one unit , and a kitchen cleaned in the other . melissa listened carefully to my instructions of which appliances to clean , and which to leave alone , and the deep clean looks great ! i added interior window cleaning , and they even got the outsides done too ! melissa 's team had the best value from other companies who quoted me , and i 'm extremely impressed with the quality . i 'll definitely be using greenmaid again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful work , highly recommended . greenmaid went way beyond my expectations . the house is sparkling !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had this company come out and do a deep cleaning of our kitchen and bathrooms . they were punctual , worked so hard and did a thorough job . we were so happy with the results and look forward to having them back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met some friends for lunch and was eager to give luke 's a try . this guy loves me some italian beef . with that said , i ordered the italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers , onion rings , and a fountain drink . total price for the meal was over $ 14 . in my opinion the meal was pretty pricey . as for taste , the italian was good . not amazing , lacked a little seasoning that i love with italian beef , but it was good . the real winner were the onion rings . they had a great crunch and flavor and would recommend . overall , a decent spot but still in search of amazing italian beef .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "downhill . i 've been eating at luke 's a few times a month since 1996 . over the last few years , it 's slowly been going downhill . their signature italian beef sandwiches are often served barely warm or cold . the extremely hard crusted french bread used to be dipped in au ju ( gravy ) to soften them up and load the sandwich with flavor . now , no matter how you order it ( extra gravy , wet , etc . ) the sandwich comes out almost completely dry and is guaranteed to destroy the roof of your mouth . i 'm really disappointed to see a restaurant i 've had so many good lunches wither away , but even their health inspections have made dining here risky at best . http : www.maricopa.gov envsvc envwebapp tabs results.aspx ? navigatedfrom=businessresultsdrilldown & mc_perm_id=11712 & business=luke 's % 20restaurant & address=1602 % 20 % 20 % 20e % 20 % 20indian % 20school % 20rd & permitid=sg13198 all this and their prices have been skyrocketing ! save your money and your health and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "owner or whoever was at the counter was extremely rude . i asked if they sold hot dogs because i was not familiar with the menu and the guy replies , `` i do n't know , we 're getting ready to close . '' okaaay ? ? ? ? so i went to johnnie 's instead and had the best chicago style hot dog and it was cheaper too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a hot-dog joint for people who love hot dogs . my father , for instance , eats enough hot dogs to put a baseball stadium out of business over the course of a year , and this is his favorite spot around . as he put it `` no question the best polish sausage in phoenix . '' service here is friendly and fast . on top of that , friday 's are the day to drop in as the owner 's wife personally prepares brownies and rice krispie treats that are given out with meals for free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered lukes on stone and ft. lowell while i was at u of a in tucson . it was a pleasant surprise when i learned that there are lukes in phoenix too ! for those who are from the land of the hot dog , like chicago , i 'm sure nothing compares , but for an arizona chicago style hot-dog , it 's pretty darn good ! ! if you 're craving a hot dog without going to a bbq or a baseball game , stop by lukes and fulfill it there . it 's authentic , juicy and tasty . the fries are good too ! in my opinion , you just ca n't go wrong with lukes . why not check it out and let us know what you think !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think luke 's is just so-so . a group of us chicago transplants at the office made the trek to luke 's for a nice friday lunch . i did the combo sandwich and i was a bit surprised that for the price fries did not accompany the sandwich . the giardinera ( sp ? ! ? ! ) was also nothing like i was used to , and frankly disappointing . it was a bit greasy too . imho , chicago gyros does a much better job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had luke 's last night and must say it was pretty good . being from chicago i always frequent places in the valley that advertise being a chicago style . this place can say it is a chicago style . dripping beef sandwiches , polish sausages and homemade peppers pretty much makes up the menu and that is what makes it chicago style . a simple menu with good meat and peppers on it . it has a hole in the wall authentic feel but it is a very clean place . i would definitely eat here again for a good beef sandwich with mozzarella .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmmmmm , lukes . i 've been tempted by other items , but i can not drag myself away from that italian beef . wet , with provolone . sublime . their french frys ? these guys really know how to treat a crinkle-cut fry . hot , crispy to the tooth , with a creamy potato inside . a dash of salt . damn , now i want to go back . do you think they are open at 6:00am on a sunday ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "italian beef = sensationally , soaking good served hot and fresh , super tender meat , soft roll absorbed nicely from a very flavorful au jus sauce , under $ 7 ! [ very filling ] hot dog = chicago-style good vienna beef on soft , steamy poppy seed buns great tasting toppings , no complaint here ! fries = hot and crispy ! the way i like 'em ! vibe = cozy , low-key , and sporty ( scottsdale location ) combo = hot dog + fries + drink = approx $ 6 key note : beverages are rc products : ) conclusion : its not a fancy joint , but its the closest to chicago you can get in phoenix . the scottsdale location makes the italian beef the same way , so there is consistency all the way around . luke 's has been a regular lunch hit for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think i am not the right person to be writing a review of a hot dog restaurant ir i just should have had my favorite-a chili cheese dog . otherwise , the service was pleasant and fast . the restaurant was clean . the hot dog was okay . i did think the onions on it could have been grilled longer . if you are a hot dog lover , you will be able to determine things better than i can .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i so badly want a chicago style italian beef joint near my house - and though i live just a few blocks away - luke 's of chicago is not it . i 've been here twice - each time brimming with optimism at the hope of getting an approximation of the real deal . both times i was treated to hard , stale bread , bland meat , flavorless jus , burnt greasy fries . i am sure my craving will return at some point - and because loc is the closest thing in the area , i am sure i will be tempted . i am leaving this review to remind myself to not waste my time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great hot dogs , italian beef and italian sausage . when ever i 'm in the neighborhood i stop in for my chicago `` fix '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so close ! ! ! ! ! for the last 15 months , i 've been searching the valley looking for a passable italian beef sandwich . i think i found it at luke 's . it 's not great , it 's not amazing , it 's not orgasmic , but it 's good . ok , so probably somewhere in between good and very good . the beef here is about as close to chicago style as you 're going to get ; thinly sliced , properly seasoned with some nice sweet peppers . the bread is a little different than i 'm used to , most chicago places serve their beefs on an 8 '' roll that is close to a bratwurst roll . luke 's serves theirs on about a foot long thing that resembles french bread . the sandwich is authentically messy and drippy . please do n't expect to eat this daintily . it does not happen . roll up your sleeves and bring extra napkins . i 'll be back when i need a fix and do n't mind eating an entire day 's worth of calories in one sitting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambience : typical family-owed fast food lunch stop . definitely has some chicago neighborhood character to it . patrons mixed from white to blue collars . decorated with some classic chicago flare ( i appreciated the stolen cta bus stop signs hung on the walls ) food : the italian beef sandwiches with sweet peppers are just as good as back in chicago . definitely better than romano 's . i 'll be going here for all my chicago food fixes . service : some reviewers have mentioned rude service but i did not experience that on my visit . besides its a chicago fast food joint , i do n't expect brown-nosing , in fact a little curt service makes me feel like i 'm back in the chicago neighborhood joints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to luke 's first time today . had their special italian beef $ 7.85 . when you add the toppings at $ 1 a piece like peppers and cheese and onion it can be quite pricey . they really should be included do n't think i 'll be going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've lived in the neighborhood for a long time - and i 've been to luke 's sporadically over the years . no good reason i do n't go regularly - the food is always exactly what i expect and the prices are fair . i seem to stick with the italian beef - but the menu also covers hot dogs , hamburgers , subs and italian sausage . ( i will have to try sausage , peppers and onions with red sauce at some point - one of my ultimate comfort foods- to see if they 're as good as guido 's in scottsdale . ) the beef is juicy , shaved thin - and works perfectly with the giardinera and hoagie roll . for those nights when i just need a mouthful of hot meat , luke is my go-to guy ! so happy i can satiate the craving right around the corner from home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll start off by saying i 'm not too familiar with chicago cuisine other than a deep dish pizza so i did n't exactly know what to expect when walking into this authenticate shop off 16th st and indian school . the guys here were saying pop instead of soda so i guess i can call it authentic ... i ordered the italian beef with cheese and onion rings . the italian beef had very very little cheese but had a kick to it . it was juicy so it was hard to eat . the onion rings were fresh and crispy . my friend got the cheese fries which were better than what i ordered and i 'm not even a nacho cheese fan . i 'll try it again but next time i 'm grabbing a bratwurst with fries . they have a pizza puff that sounds interesting as well . give it a shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go here quite often after work for a quick dinner or for lunch with coworkers . i am from chicago and this is as close to a portillo 's as you 're going to get . joey 's of chicago does n't compare to luke 's of chicago . i highly recommend . they have homemade giardiniera hot peppers and quality beef . i normally get the italian beef sandwich with the giardiniera hot peppers . you can also buy a jar of the hot peppers for a reasonable price . if you 're looking for a quick , high quality beef sandwich in the valley , you 'll find it at luke 's of chicago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was fast and friendly . prices were high . beef no cheese or peppers is now $ 7.50 ! beef was cold and not dipped as i requested . flavor was ok , but maybe thats because i 'm now spoiled by portillos . fries are great . i wont be back for a beef but would for a hot dog .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time here today , went with a coworker . i had the italian beef and sausage sandwich and it was delicious . the beef was more shaved shredded than sliced which i personally liked , i think it seemed to make it tender . the sausage was a delicious italian link , not too spicy but just enough kick to add that extra flavor . i 'm looking forward to trying more of their dishes because i will be coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicago style is exactly what i expected . wish id tried the italian beef in hopes it would exceed expectations", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here is what you should have for lunch - italian sausage with sweet peppers , hot peppers , and cheese . throw in a order of fries plus a rc cola . love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is trouble.. delicious , delicious trouble . `` chicago-style '' and `` chin-dribbling-fatness '' can pretty much be used interchangeably when describing food . either you get it or you do n't . i wo n't try to convince anyone . personally , i recommend the italian beef sandwich with mozzarella and sweet and hot peppers in lieu of the signature chicago-dog . any hack who has had one can emulate the chicago hot dog , but it takes a special touch to get the italian beef sammich just right . luke 's does . do n't take a date there . do n't expect comfy seating and a cozy atmosphere . you may wait a long time in line . you may wait a long time for your food . you may ingest 2300 calories in a single sitting . your circulatory system may temporarily shut down upon completion of your meal . if any of these things are a concern for you , please go elsewhere . for those of you who remain undaunted , check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night we were charged extra for cheese & peppers , got home and they wer n't there . size seems to have shrunk since previous visits also .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beef was very good ! not a huge fan of their giardiniera ... but it was still tasty . i needed to go somewhere where i could see a walter payton jersey and some pictures of michigan avenue and this did the trick ! since i do n't live close to a portillo 's , i will be back here again . da bears !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just wish there was a luke 's in flagstaff ! try the combo , beef and sausage , that requires a roll of paper towels to mop up the drippings . it is so good . and the italian sub is bravo delicious ! the place is tiny and crowded , but it 's places like this where stuff of legend comes from . amazing sandwiches . have always encountered friendly staff with quick service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i finally decided to come back to lukes . i had been several years ago , but never made it back . i went for the italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with provolone and sweet peppers . it set me back just over $ 9.00 . a tad pricey , but it was a pretty good sandwich . the bread was very fresh and the beef seemed to be very well seasoned . it also came with a cup of jus , that it definitely needed . i 'll def go back if i 'm ever in the mood for an italian beef sandwich , but i 'd prob skip the sausage next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coronary heart disease is usually caused by a condition called eating at lukes , which occurs when you eat greasy material at lukes and a substance called plaque build up on the walls of your arteries . lukes serves overpriced and over greased chicago grub . the food was so greasy my bun turned into a sludgy doughy mess . i went with a couple of coworkers who also resonated the same criticism . i wont go back to lukes and you should n't either if you value your heart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great beef , great bread , great sausage . it is a bit greasy and the fried zucchini leaves a bit to be desired , but overall it is incredible . if you are a fan of chicago style italian sandwiches then stop by luke 's . try the tamale if you 're feeling ironic or just go with the beef and sausage combo with sweet peppers if you want a juicy kick in the mouth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2 words ... italian beef parking sucks . prices are high . lines can be long . coca-cola only in cans ( rc cola on tap ) ... but the italian beef ... no where else can you get a sandwich like this ... not even chicago . order it wet ( they soak the vienna roll ) , get your favorite peppers ... add a small order of fries , a can of coke and that is $ 10 and you are happy all day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "luke 's is the best chicago joint in town . period . their italian sausage is to die for , and so it their italian beef . while the other stores that have recently opened around town are certainly delicious , nothing beats the original . something about the atmosphere and the people working at this place make me feel like i 'm right back in chicago . i recently started buying their sausage from them by the lb and taking home to gril up myself . ive found there 's just no place to make the quality and flavor that luke 's has . hats off to luke 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm on an italian beef kick . i was hoping luke 's would be the best . it was n't . the beef was juicy and tasty . however the bread did not hold up . it could n't hold the juicy beef . fries are crinkle cut and good . it does n't seem like a happy group working there . no smiles . oh , it 's better than portillo 's", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time i am in phoenix , this restaurant is a must stop over ! the italian beef combo is great and it 's consistent every time ! i always get a bottle of their pepper mix so i can taste authentic chicago through out the year ! they are always busy , but it 's worth the wait . ordering is short and sweet and you better know what you want when you get to the counter , but go and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to luke 's , and i 'm no connesuir of things chicago , but i left fairly un-impressed . while in line i was told by a fellow luncher that the italian beef was the way to go so i went with his suggestion plus sweet peppers and provolone . the food was good , not great . the bread was probably the best part and there was more than plenty of it to eat . the peppers and beef were fairly flavorless in my opinion . i was n't disappointed but i wo n't be hurrying back either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was at home watching a show about chicago style hot dogs and sandwiches , it got my stomach growling . i googled and found lukes . i had the sausage and roast beef sandwich loaded with their gardenia toppings . they do not skimp on meat and the roll they use is so good . it was one of the best sandwiches ever ! i have gone several more times before i hit a football game at asu . very small parking lot , can take out or eat in . very small place , but well worth trying . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to give luke 's another shot ... ..i am glad i did ... .i still hold true to my review about their italian beef , but their hot dogs ... now that 's a whole different story ! ! ! true chicago vienna beef hotdogs with all the fixin 's ! ! ! a warm poppyseed bun was the first sign that this was the real deal ! it was topped with mustard , onion , tomato , relish , and the true test to whether this is an authentic chi hot dog ... .celery salt ! ! the cheese fries are like a local hot dog joint in chicago called u-dawg-u ... so good ! ! ! ca n't wait to go back and i am sorry for the negativity the first time around ! : o )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cozy place with red brick walls and a picture of downtown chicago on the wall . food is greasy and absolutely delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a chicago native , i am really picky about my chicago cuisine ... .i normally frequent the lukes on ray and the 101 , but decided to try this one since i 'm working in phoenix now ... i was thoroughly disappointed ... had to ask for extra relish and mustard since there was n't much on the hot dog ... the chili cheese fries were just ok and i swear they male them differently at the one in chandler ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love luke 's ! this location is the best by far . i 've been to others and for some reason the food here is always better . the italian beef ( hot , sweet , and juicey ) is amazing . the fries are amazing . the hot dogs are pretty dang good too , but the hot dog itself could be a little better . not sure which brand they use , but that would be my only minor complaint . not that the hot dogs are n't enjoyable because they absolutely are ... heck , i eat them all the time ! i 'm just saying that i 've had other vienna beef hot dogs that tasted a bit better . maybe they 're boiled instead of grilled ? overall though , you ca n't go wrong . i 'm a big fan ! keep up the good work and i will keep coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have n't been here in a few years i remember it being a lot better maybe cuz i go to a different italian beef spot now newk 's bread sing a little stell the meat was a little tough and hot peppers and hot at all way too much oil i think that 's what people are saying that is greasy i think it 's the peppers did n't really have any flavor at all to the sandwich the girl at the counter was n't very friendly either little pricey for what you 're getting i probably wo n't go back again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here again recently . still terrible . bad service . unfriendly employees . dirty tables . roaches in restroom . gross . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for lunch today and got a polish dog . very nice . fries are great too , just how i like them . however , a suggestion : please include at least one diet soda in your machine ? pretty please ? kthxbai", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've stopped by here a couple times , and never disappointed.the beef sandwich and fries are very good and quick , definitely worth trying out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the big guy over there is the best ! great beef sandwich . so much better than portillos . to the people that do n't understand the chicago attitude lighten up a little bit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a phoenix favorite and must stop every time i am in town . great food with chicago flavor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a great chicago hot dog and a great italian beef go to lukes . the fries are good too . friendly , quick service and great food combined with bears and cubs stuff everywhere . how can you beat this . this is the best comfort food phoenix has to offer . go here , eat and be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't like vienna beef ? vienna beef is pretty much the only kind of hot dogs i will eat because they are so tasty . i came here and had a chicago dog and it was good ... .but really , how could it be bad ? it had the neon green relish and the sport peppers , it was great . the fries were crispy and salty . the price was right ( 2 of us ate for about 10 $ ) . i used to come to luke 's as a kid , and it 's just as good now as it was then . definitely drop by if you 're in the neighborhood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heard through friends that this is the place to go for good ol ' chicago food . i 'm from chicago so i 'm kind of an expert . : ) at first , we were not impressed . we arrived about 20 minutes after they opened and we did not even see an employee for 10 minutes . he was running a 1 man show and cooking up the order that was ahead of us . he finally took our order with no apology for the wait but let me tell you , the food was worth the wait . i had the pepper and egg sandwich , amazing ! ! ! my boyfriend had a chili dog and fries which he said was really good ! we 'll definitely go back , hopefully the service will be better . i have a feeling that his co-worker was late and that was the problem , still not an excuse though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten italian beef sandwiches for over fifty years . i 'm from chicago . the best beef is fresh cooked , sliced and sits in italian spices all day . if you want fancy and new go to portillos , but the beef sandwich wo n't compare to luke 's . yes it is n't a fancy place and it is a little drive , but if you want the very best italian beef sandwich this side of the mississippi , luke 's is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the italian beef sandwich with gardinaire . great tasting , moist and flavorful . will be on my regular rotation of lunch spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from chicago and of course my favorite sandwich is an italian beef . this place is better than portillos and can stand up proud to al 's . fun chicago memorabilia . little pricey for beefs and fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best italian beef phoenix has to offer , heck , it may be best sandwich in all if arizona..and i have tried many . get it `` wet '' with cheese peppers and extra gravy..the only place you might find a better one is in chi-town itself ... you need to bring one to arrowhead area ! ! ! ! please ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the italian beef for the first time in the az area and loved it ! ! definitely go there if you have a desire for italian beef sandwiches when first entering into the az area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in with a group of people and we shared everything . italian beefs , polish and bratwurst were great . there may be a line , but it is worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who thinks they can eat chicago food and not have grease and artery clogging cheese and meats ? really , get real . love this place . been going to the indian school location since they opened the location . they did have some trouble for a while with the bread they were ordering as it was n't that nice crusty flakey bread , but recently when i went there it was pretty darn good . so if you want a good fattening meal check it out . if you want to eat healthy , try a salad or tru food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the meatball sandwich the best so far , but everything i have eaten is been really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grew up in chicagoland and luke 's takes me back ! bread is the secret and they have it right , great combo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had this for the first time a few weeks ago . one word ; amazing . my boyfriend is a chicago native and he 's been looking for authentic chicago food for as long as i can remember now . we drove past this place and he burst out w , `` babe we have to go in some day you have to taste my kind of food `` and so we did ( : my first dish was 2 pizza puffs , lol . they made me feel like i was in heaven on earth . boyfriend got me 2 bc he knew i 'd love it and boy was he right ! ! the both of us are going to be regulars , not disappointed ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's one of my top go-to places for chicago-style hot dogs . ( remember , kids - there are seven condiments , and not a single one of them is ketchup ! ^_^ ; ) a chicago dog and fries are always a great deal , and it 's nice to see a place that has rc cola and related brands on tap . ( something you do n't see every day , but then there 's a good distributor in the area , so i hear . ) parking around the place is somewhat limited , but it 's all in timing your visits . i 've yet to be there when the place is packed . luck of the draw , i guess . when i hear that folks from illinois ( whether visiting , or relocated ) stop by , then that clinches the deal there . ( i 'm an ex [ or `` exiled '' ] californian , but i have appreciation for a good chicago-style dog . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been a fan for years , ate here yesterday to get my regular hot dog but the bun was a little different . it was hard on the edge but it still ended up pretty good everywhere else . this place has been cleaned up pretty well over the years . i even noticed the health inspections have finally gotten better . i would be lying if i did n't tell you that this is my favorite hot dog in town and occasionally crave it . the area is scary so you may want to exercise your second amendment right when you come here . also parking blows since there is always more people that want to go here at lunch than spots to park . it is a very casual place that you order at the counter and seat yourself . this place used to be a fried chicken fast food place i think about 20 years ago when i was a kid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ive been going to lukes for about 10 years and the food has always been good , but the service and staffs attitude have really gone down hill . im glad they are doing well enough that they can treat customers with a `` i 'll get to you when i can '' i called to place a to go order , was barked at to `` hold on '' . they never bothered to come back to the phone for 12 minutes ! i hung up and called another restaurant . if you 're looking for a really good italian beef go to postinos , . great food and they are happy to serve you ! or spinatos on bell .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! i get the chicago dog each time with everything on it ! the guys in the back always have a smile on their face and it 's truly authentic . i come here alone all the time for lunch and i feel right at home . nice people and great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the beef sandwich , hot tamale and chili cheese fries . the beef sandwich was dripping in au jus and was really good . it was my first time eating a hot tamale ... meh . chili cheese fries ... how can you screw those up right ? so yes this is a good spot . would definitely return if i lived in phoenix . the two guys behind the counter were a little less than friendly , but it was late in the evening and so i 'll give them a pass", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ok for me . not welcoming at all , first time here for the family and i , not even greeted with a hello ? ! the cashier seemed miserable , another gentleman took our order and seemed more personable . i will not be coming back , i 'd like to think that places like this appreciate new business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably a prime example of a guilty pleasure ! some of the best sandwiches i 've ever tasted ! really quality sandwiches at this small corner gem ! crazy pepper choices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . great food . the owner is a great guy . we got there at 8pm and he had just turned off the sign but he still took our order . the food came out pretty fast but it was not rushed at all . i had the chicago dog and my friend had the italian beef . we were both please with our choices i will definitely be back here soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chicago style hot dogs and italian beef in the valley . cheese fries ! ! ! service can be hit or miss but never terrible . the food is as good as it gets when it comes to greasy fare ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter a friend and i happened to be going by luke 's today and had heard it was good . the person that waited on us was crabby and did n't have a smile on his face . i had the chicago dog , it was okay but the hot dog was not very hot . the fries were lukewarm . we wo n't be going back there again . i would not recommend it to anyone . better dogs at costco .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . my friend and i went in for a trim- hers took 5 minutes and mine took 15 . she has thicker hair than i. i only asked for a trim and she gave me backwards layers . how in the world do you give someone backwards layers and you claim you 've been doing this for years ? if you 're that bad at your job you need to quit . i unfortunately was going on vacation that day and i did n't see the finished product until it dried when i was on the way . i still paid $ 40 of my money to someone who does n't know a thing about cutting hair . please do n't go here . go somewhere where people actually listen and pay attention . i wish i could get my money back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! i moved here from the east coast about 2 years ago and could n't ' find a hairdresser who understood my hair , my face shape type of style that would enhance my features , after trying other salons in the area , i walked into salon e , just to ask a few questions and was thoroughly pleased with the information i rec 'd from liana . she listens to you , asks questions and is open to just about anything , she is very honest ( in a nice way ) she is now my hairstylist and i love her ! ! i get many compliments on my color and style , i know i will have a great day after i visit salon e and liana , they also have a cool boutique on the other side of the salon with up to date fashion you wo n't find anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had my hair short and was ready for a change . liana did an amazing job cutting and styling my hair exactly how i had imagined . she was very helpful and i will only go to her from now on ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just awful . a run down low budget and overpriced peace of crap ! the ladies all just bicker and swear at each other . there are very unsanitary techniques used for doing nails . all the tools are shared amongst the employees and not sanitized . a manicure and pedicure cost $ 75 which they claim is a bargain compared to other places . the two old sisters that own the place have outdated styles and can not do nails to save their lives . they tell people different prices and are just not a truthful company at all . i would never recommend coming here . they are just disgusting ... the shop , the service and the employees that work there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't do it ! the salon is outdated to say the least and the staff is poorly mannered . i went in intending to spend at least $ 200 ( not including tips ) on nails , toes and hair but as soon as they started quoting prices , like $ 30 for a simple nail design , i all but ran out of there . if the salon had been better maintained and the staff was pleasant and presentable , i 'm not gon na have someone do my hair who looks like edward scissorhands did theirs , i would 've probly been happy to pay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away from this salon ! ! ! i wish i would have read these reviews prior to my wedding . it was indeed very outdated and overpriced ! sheriza ( sp ) and the older ladies were not customer service oriented . they all made me regret coming here ! the makeup was horrible ! i looked like a clown ! after being pushed into getting fake lashes , my maid of honor point out that one of them was crooked and looked weird , but the lady yelled at her and said it was fine . in my room i ended up taking my makeup off and doing it myself ! i did n't like my hairdo but the lady somehow convinced me that it looked elegant like that ! she added pins in my hair with out my permission and then got mad when i disagreed on the price for them . she refused to take them out and by this time i was so frustrated i just wanted to leave so i paid what they wanted and left !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars i would , this solon is worthless and the people there are rude ! i have contacted the manager of the casino to have zeba salon removed from the casino , they do n't have a clue what they are doing , and they treat their clients like they are morons . they ruined my wifes wedding makeup , and ignored her and her mothers requests on how they wanted the makeup done . the owner of zeba did my wife 's hair and makeup and required payment and tip before she was finished , this is extortion . avoid zeba 's at the riviera at all costs . yelp staff stop removing this it is not second hand information i was freaking there you twits . i saw the entire thing . again i was there this is my review it is not second hand information if you pull it again i will post it again , people need to know how worthless this place and its manager are .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was given a gift for my wedding day to have hair and makeup done at zeba beauty salon ... ... . i must say one thing ... . amazing.. i looked a million dollars ... and felt amazing ... . carla the nail technician was superb , did n't rush , took her time and was extremely helpful ... mina the hairstylist and makeup artist was just brilliant ... .. i would only say one thing , it gets pretty busy so best thing to do is book an appointment ... amazing job girls ! ! ! i looked a million dollars on my wedding day ! mrs kiers xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in vegas for the holiday 's and i went to zeba for a blow out . i 'm very picky with my hair style and have a lot of hair . i was so happy with my hair after i left the salon , my hair stayed nice and flu of body the entire day . the staff was friendly , professional , and fun to be around . next time i 'm in vegas i plan on returning and getting my his down there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was reading the reviews and i was hesitant after reading the reviews , but the reviews are so wrong , at least in my experience . i had a women by the name of carla and she was just amazing . so nice and did just such a fantastic job . i do n't live in vegas , but visit often and i will make sure every time i visit i will make sure to go back to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zara did a good job , excelent service with lot of fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did think it was definitely a-ok ! the room is beautiful , i love the light and decor and the service was friendly . it 's comfortable and elegant and not too fussy and it 's location across from the park is dreamy . the food did n't blow me away but i did like the pad thai i had with it 's super soft and savoury pork , the ingredients all tasted fresh and clean and delicate . ( i know , not a good authentic choice for a vietnamese place but i had a craving . ) i would love to go back to try some of their delicious sounding cocktails . one of my dining companions was pretty bummed by the broth in her soup so i 'd avoid that and explore more of the small plates next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend invited me to lunch here and i got super excited to see laksa on the menu . i was disappointed to find this did not make the cut for their lunch menu , but quickly came around when i took a sip of my coconut soup -- so good . we also enjoyed their very tasty imperial rolls to start and split the catch of the day ( octopus ) and the 5 spice shrimp wok for the mains . every dish we had was stellar and the ambiance is great -- very nice terrace if the weather permits . ca n't wait to go back for dinner to try the laksa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been there twice , and it 's one of the best asian restaurants in the neighborhood . first things first : good drinks . then , all of the food items i have ordered are delicious . the kind of place where you can shut down your eyes , point to a coupe of things on the menu , and no matter what it is , it will be delicious . you want to be amazed and surprised ? try the buns . i have been thinking about the buns again for several days , imagining the texture in my mouth , wondering how they make it so moist , and how they give the `` bread '' this black color ? ! it 's a place to go amongst adults ( like a date , or a night out with girl friends , etc . ) ; they were friendly when we brought our baby in , but it 's just not convenient given the setting . i want to go back ( again ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "que ce soit le takaki de boeuf , le poulet frit , le saumon au lait de coco ou les meilleurs rouleaux imp\u00e9riaux , crevettes po\u00eal\u00e9es . bon service , belle terrasse . on nous promet que le menu va changer r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner there , and it was absolutely fantastic ! their chicken wings is a must for anyone who goes there . those chicken wings really took me back to those summer days in vietnam , that pairs absolutely well with their house draft beer . however , their food seems to be lacking the spicy punch to some of their items in their menu , thus i would suggest to ask for the chef to add a bit more spice . or maybe , i just enjoy spicy foods in general . overall , the atmosphere of the place is very pleasurable , good for friends , or for a chill date with the bae ... . and yes i would definitely go back again ! # tresbon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'habite juste \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 , et c'est bon de savoir qu'il y a un tr\u00e8s vietnamien \u00e0 deux coins de rue de chez soi . le cadre est tr\u00e8s cosy et chaleureux et j'ai eu la chance de profiter de la terasse : tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able face au parc jeanne mance . pour ce qui est de la nourriture c'est vraiment tr\u00e8s bon ce que j'ai go\u00fbt\u00e9 que ce soit la soupe coco o\u00f9 encore les d\u00e9s de boeuf en wok . d'ailleurs pour le menu lunch \u00e7a n'a co\u00fbt\u00e9 que 16 $ . je reviendrai tr\u00e8s rapidement pour essayer d'autres mets sur la carte . je recommande vivement cette place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for my dad 's birthday . the service was very polite and effective . the food was very good . i 'm not usually a big fan of vietnamese but honestly , this changed my mind . everything was fresh and new . i got the crunchy tofu and the porc spring rolls , i burned my tongue because i was trying to eat everything as it arrived at my table . the tofu came with this really fluffy and tasty coating of crunchy-ness and sauce . the spring rolls were indescribably delicious . i highly recommend ordering them . my family ordered different meals so i got to taste the pad thai and the coconut salmon as well and those meals made me wish i had more stomach space . unfortunately , the terrace was full when we arrived so we had to sit inside . however , the interior is so modern and chic that i did n't mind at all . my family and i had a great time ! it 's a really great restaurant for a nice flavourful and laid back dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "une exp\u00e9rience diff\u00e9rente des autres restos vietnamiens \u00e0 montr\u00e9al , h\u00e0 a cr\u00e9\u00e9 une carte form\u00e9e de plusieurs petits plats \u00e0 partager , r\u00e9invent\u00e9s ! vous pouvez aussi garder votre assiette pour vous , mais vous vous priverez de go\u00fbter \u00e0 la vari\u00e9t\u00e9 des plats . j'ai aim\u00e9 l'ensemble des plats que j'ai mang\u00e9s , particuli\u00e8rement ceux qui incorporaient des fruits , ce qui vient ajouter de la fra\u00eecheur aux assiettes . bien que le menu offraient des cocktails , au moment o\u00f9 nous y sommes all\u00e9es ( soit la premi\u00e8re semaine ) , le bar n'\u00e9tait pas encore pr\u00eat . pour un nouveau resto , j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 tr\u00e8s impressionn\u00e9e par la qualit\u00e9 du service et le roulement entre nos plats . pas de longue attente comme on voit habituellement dans les nouveaux restos , ni de plats \u00e0 moiti\u00e9 r\u00e9ussis . essayez le dessert , la texture des bulles de tapioca avec la cr\u00e8me glac\u00e9e et les fruits rend le tout unique . bravo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . tout \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieux . le saumon au lait de coco \u00e9tait particuli\u00e8rement \u00e0 se jeter par terre , m\u00eame chose pour les p\u00e9toncles , dont la cuisson \u00e9tait parfaite . la vinaigrette maison s\u00e9same ail coriandre ( je crois ) servi sur les f\u00e8ves edamame \u00e9tait tres go\u00fbteuse , je tenterai de la reproduire chez moi . j'ai vraiment h\u00e2te d'y retourner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c\u00f4t\u00e9 d\u00e9sappointement , eh bien , on est servi . c'est du vietnamien de boutique . pas trop mauvais mais pas du tout authentique . ma copine est tr\u00e8s sensible au msg et a du prendre un bon caf\u00e9 , \u00e0 la maison , pour se calmer le syst\u00e8me . pour les r\u00e9servations , il faudra corriger le tir . ils ne r\u00e9pondent pas au t\u00e9l\u00e9phone et leur message vous sugg\u00e8re d'envoyer un courriel , alors que le ma\u00eetre des lieux me dit qu'ils n'ont pas le temps de les lire . le service est tr\u00e8s coll\u00e9gial , c'est a dire pas tr\u00e8s professionnel et in\u00e9gal selon le talent de chacun . c'est un peu cher pour la qualit\u00e9 et ne sont pas \u00e0 la hauteur pour les journ\u00e9es de grande affluence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had lunch here and it was outstanding ! i had the coconut soup , shared an imperial roll and i had the grilled beef with house satay sauce . simply amazing . service was great . second time here and it 's really worth it . last time i had m. h\u00e0 's classic coconut salmon and it was amazing as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vietnamese pub . great little jewel in plateau . superb food at good price = price quality ratio spot on ! combined with fun and courteous service - you ca n't go wrong here . was lucky enough to enjoy the patio . love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent rapport qualit\u00e9 prix , bonne nourriture asiatique , service d\u00e9contract\u00e9 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le nouveau `` h\u00e0 '' est tr\u00e8s sympa , bouffe menu ( takaki de boeuf poulet frit saumon lait de coco ) , nouvel int\u00e9rieur moderne & design , petite terrasse en avant , tr\u00e8s bon service , j'y retourne d\u00e8s que j'en ai la chance ! il y avait d\u00e9j\u00e0 pas mal de gens et personnalit\u00e9s artistiques m\u00eame pour un mercredi soir lors de ma visite . \u00e7a va \u00eatre assur\u00e9ment tr\u00e8s populaire comme endroit couru dor\u00e9navant sur mont-royal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a perfect place for a lunch on the terrace . and in the evening the perfect place to eat and have a nice glass of wine . everything on the menu is very well done . explore a new dish and trust them to do it well . the rolls are a must as an entr\u00e9e and the soup is great . really i trust them so much the last time i was there i ordered a fried rice dish that could be boring or too commercial and it was amazing . last point the service is usually exceptional . that is all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "initially i was worried when i saw the number of menu items offered . then i understood that this restaurant chose quality over quantity . the food is great , the service perfect and the price seems impossible ( appetizer and main dish for 14 $ at lunch time ) . i am curious to find out if the menu is renewed on a regular basis . i will soon find out since this will be my new spot in the neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no . you ca n't reasonably charge 45 $ for two plates of saut\u00e9ed veggies and rice that are n't even on par with those greasy thai express take-away . at least the kitchen closes `` late '' ( 10:30 )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty decor , love the ambiance . a lot of small dishes to choose from and good for sharing . nice wine menu and yummy cocktails . staff is generally friendly , service is average nothing exceptional . the pad thai is pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "parfait endroit pour un repas savoureux , frais et une grosse touche d'exotisme . retourner pour un souper de couple apres plusieurs ann\u00e9es et quel bonheur de retrouver ces saveurs que j'avais un peu manqu\u00e9 . sumon lait de coco asperges oeuf frit salade de papaye , boeuf tout \u00e9tait delicieux le service attentionn\u00e9 ; mr h\u00e0 serait tr\u00e8s fier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic nems and great pad thai . a little noisy though . great service and nice place will come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes . yes ! yes ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this place is absolutely amazing . it was extremely warm in h\u00e0 , almost unbearably so , but the food and alcohol made up for it ! drinks were on point . food made your mouth start drooling as soon as it was served . i can honestly say i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "achaland\u00e9 et bruyant , mais nourriture impeccable ! serveuses serveurs tr\u00e8s comp\u00e9tent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were a family of 6 staying in montreal for a few days . i had reserved a few weeks back asking for tables on the terrace - this is why i chose the restaurant initially as it fronts into a park . they do n't take reservations on the terrace , its first come first served which is worth knowing especially because it was way too hot inside . they kindly switched out the stools for real chairs for my elderly parents . the service was friendly and helpful and drinks were good . we ordered most of the menu to try different things . our favorite items were the pork imperial spring rolls ( my daughter had another one for dessert ! ) , edamame , chicken wings , ribs and pad thai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent d\u00eener toujours aussi bon toutefois , les rouleaux d\u00e9goulinent de gras . un passage sur un papier absorbant serait requis . les go\u00fbts et les saveurs sont originaux et vraiment excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un de mes restaurants pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9s dans le plateau . soupe pho absolument d\u00e9licieuse . j'aime aussi commander les buns aux crevettes croustillantes , c'est une entr\u00e9e parfaite \u00e0 partager et tout simplement succulente . parfait pour un souper amoureux tout comme entre amis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a girls night here a few weeks ago and i really had a great time . we did n't have a reservation , and it was a friday night , but they managed to find us a table within 10 min . the decor and ambiance is really nice . it 's definitely not the normal , casual vietnamese restaurant you 're used to . we had the edamame with herbs & lime , and the crispy tofu to share . as the main dish i had the h\u00e0 's pad thai with braised pork & crispy shrimp , which was fantastic . it 's a little bit more expensive than the normal vietnamese food you get but definitely worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "assiette de b\u0153uf grill\u00e9 tr\u00e8s originale , c'est r\u00e9ussi . essayer les assiettes du jour , la v\u00e9g\u00e9tarienne vaut le d\u00e9tour . joli d\u00e9cor , belle terrasse en \u00e9t\u00e9 mais pensez \u00e0 r\u00e9server . a am\u00e9liorer : la musique , confort des chaises hautes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to try this restaurant for a long time . this was a huge mistake . the service was ok and the waiter did a good job selling the plate of the day . fried sweetbread next to stuffed eggplant with pork sauce . i did not expect having fried blend sweetbread with a mixture of veggies and eggplant ( not stuffed ) and the pork sauce was ground pork with curry sauce . nothing incredible . it felt like someone decided to experiment and it failed monumentally . i wo n't go back and i 'm just telling you , do n't waste your time or money . it 's not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was alright , however , at the end of our meal the hostess inappropriately badgered us for a larger tip . save your cash and go to a more authentic vietnamese restaurant that is n't staffed by money-grubbing white people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing little joint with great service . go for a bike tour around the corner at fitz and folwell and then come here for a quick bite and vino . really fresh and tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "accidentally stumbled on this place . the pork buns and crispy tofu i had were fantastic . the outside seating is nice with lots of greenery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here last night with a friend . i was drawn to the simple and intimate terrasse- i love the ambiance ! however you will have to wait a long time to be seated outside if you do n't have a reservation . we placed our name on the waiting list and had to wait 30 mins ( and also saw our table given away to people who had arrived after us , grr ! ) . we ordered the salmon tartar spring roll as as an appetizer - i did n't love it , it had a perfume-y aftertaste . we ordered the pork and shrimp pad thai as an entree and it was a winner ! super tasty and a good portion size - but not for people who do n't like spicy food . if you want to eat well but not break the bank i would definitely suggest getting the pad thai . i would recommend ha for a nice warm evening on the terrasse ... .with a reservation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great service . highly recommend the laska , coconut salmon , imperial rolls , pork belly squid ink buns , pork ribs . everything is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "situ\u00e9 un peu loin sur l'avenue , ce resto vaut tout de m\u00eame la peine d'\u00eatre connu ! service agr\u00e9able , ambiance chaleureuse aux lumi\u00e8res tamis\u00e9es , disposition des tables et du restaurant int\u00e9ressante ... nous y sommes all\u00e9s pour la poutine week et elle \u00e9tait vraiment excellente ! je pense y retourner pour essayer le menu r\u00e9gulier !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went their for lunch and like a previous reviewer wrote the menu is limited . we had the imperial roll ( 5 $ for one ) a bit pricey , and the coconut soup for starters , both were very good . for mains we had a very delicious pad thai with shrimp and pork , definitely worth trying , as well as a mediocre shrimp in 5 spice dish . service was a bit slow for the mains but overall it was an enjoyable meal . i look forward to going back and trying their other dishes available for supper only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all 3 of us agreed that this was the best asian meal we 've had in a long time . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool viet fusion restaurant . went here during new years eve . the set menu was great . also a very cool collection of quebec craft beers . waiters were very attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not open til 11pm on sunday , as written here and on google . no hours posted on the website .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything here is amazing i had the pork buns , fried rice and salmon with the chicken wings . the atmosphere is great , the wine is reasonably priced and the waiters and waitresses are young and attractive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after walking up down across mont royal for a couple of hours , my friends and i were looking for a good restaurant to wind down and eat some delicious food . this place exceeded our expectations in terms of ambiance , food presentation and quality of the dishes . the coconut salmon was excellent - highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was sooo delicious\u200b ... try beef tataki and the coconut salmon . desserts was ok ... try the tapioca . nice ambiance and good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great , but the service and frendliness was lacking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a great little neighborhood spot . i sat at the bar which was great , because the bartender was very friendly . nice cocktail menu and a small but diverse selection of east asian beers to pair with the food . i ordered the green papaya salad and the salmon tartare spring roll . they were brought to me at the same time , which was a minor annoyance , but fine . the papaya salad was so tasty , but just ever so slightly overdressed . the spring roll was fine . the salmon was fresh and it was plated beautifully , but for the price i was hoping for something a bit bigger . i definitely want to go back and try some of their more traditional vietnamese options ; it was just way too hot for ph\u014d . overall , slightly pricey for what it is , but the food is yummy and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the other day i gave this place two more stars than today and that 's because i sent an email to the company and the response was n't great . the manager informed me that a larger than normal group of kids came so that 's why the staff was off their game , ok fine but just know that the same staff that she 's referring to was the same one who was just standing around talking and picking their fingers . they were not paying attention to the parent-less kids or the customers , i will not be going back at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we love toys & co ! i have a 7 year old girl and a 3 year old boy and one of my biggest beefs with buying toys at target or walmart is that they are nearly all themed , very gender specific and tied into some movie or tv show . we do have plenty of those things , but if i am looking for something that the kids can share and play with together , the big box stores always come up short . we 've recently discovered playmobil and our kids love it ! toys & co has the biggest selection of playmobil that i have ever seen ! simply put , there are just tons and tons of great toys here that would appeal to both boys and girls , across a wide variety of ages which makes them worth the trip . i 've always had great customer service , staff walk me right to what i am looking for and also offer to gift wrap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playmobil , thomas , chuggington just to name a few . they have the toys that you can and ca n't find at the large chain stores . excellent customer service . my son and i can always find something for him that he can play with for years to come . i only wish they would open a store in the lake norman area . if they decide to grow the large toy stores in the greater charlotte area would be in trouble . keep your toy dollars local .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coolest toy store ever ! has a lot of specialty toys like briar horses which can be hard to find . a huge barbie selection and free wrapping . the service is great and the people really do know what is in their store . it always has nice window displays and it draws the inner kid in you inside immediately . slightly expensive , but no higher than other specialty toy stores .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love toy stores ! so many stuffed animals . lots of activity sets and gifts as well . it can seem a bit cluttered but just take a breath and take your time so you can find some goodies . they also have a great gift wrap section behind the counter for an impressive presentation . great for birthdays and holidays .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place so much ... . it 's got everywhere imaginable that a little person would want , furry soap dispenser looking soda drink , my inflatable penguin that becomes 5 times as big when soaked in water , my magical seeds that grow tropical flower in indoor condition , the pins , the baby doll shoes ranging from $ 5- $ 14 , the many ugly dolls that works for below min . wage , the card decks , the assemblable horse , cars and models ... this is kid 's heaven , as for me , this shop enable me to re-collect the lost memories that i never was able to create as a child ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am all about supporting locally- owned businesses , but the markup here is through the roof ( even compared with other local stores ) and the staff and manager are difficult to deal with . i compare this local business to , for example , park road books . at prb , you 're happy to pay a markup for your book because the staff are super helpful and friendly . the problem with local business these days in a small city like charlotte is that big stores provide so much competition that there may only be one small store per category . for instance , there are few independent toy stores in charlotte so , if you want independent , you are stuck with this one . if there were a couple other independent toy stores for those of us who like indy stores to choose from , this one would go out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an excellent toy store that was born in nc ( greensboro to be exact ) nestled in the cotswold shopping plaza . considering it 's been open a few years , i 'm really tardy for the party that is toys & company . the store is bright , big , and bustling with all kinds of sensory stimuli of the imaginative and creative kind . if you have small children , tweens , or are a big kid yourself -like moi- you will appreciate and enjoy this store . with a welcoming staff and play areas , parents grandparents who use kiddie leashes can leave 'em at home because you 'll want the lil ones to wander in the wonder here . also , free wrapping ! awesome much ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store . i visited this store in nc while on business about 4 years ago . i live in nh and every year i visit their web site for quality made and value purchase items . in store they were the friendliest store employees and managers i have ever met - given that the store was packed with wanting kids and needy parents . i highly recommend this store both in the store and online .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! not only do they have awesome toys , but they have great customer service and they gift-wrap . on more than one occasion i have made a pit stop here on the way to a birthday party , and left with the perfect gift within my budget , wrapped and ready to go . the staff are always helpful and friendly . i love how they have toys out on display to play with- oh wait , those are only for the kids ? oops . well anyway , this is my standard go-to store for bribing my friend 's kids to like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would you like that gift wrapped ? why , yes , yes , i would . did you know that they offer complimentary gift wrapping ? this service will come in handy during the holiday season ! this is a locally owned toy store for children of all ages . i recently made a last minute stop and found an adorable stuffed animal for a baby gift . it was difficult to choose just one because they have a large assortment . i 'll need to roam the store when i have more time since it is a large space filled with lots of toys ... i 'm sure my inner child will have some fun . with the holidays around the corner , if you have a kid on your list , this store is sure to please . while you might not find a circular with coupons from here in the newspaper , the prices are affordable and has something at every price point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what kind of toy store can you go to in charlotte , where you 're looking for a weenie-dog purse for a little girl , and find it ? find it along with playmobil , squinkies and a toy for every age group imaginable ! i like how friendly the staff are , and in-touch with the hot toy trends . prices are about right standard for a toy store ... but the selection is really cool . you can get tiny charms , or rubber pigs ... board games and costumes and hello kitty . it 's also a big plus for the shop to be locally owned -- it 's a nice change from the big box toy stores , or walmarts of the world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i honestly ca n't get enough of this place ! i could drink their ( giant ) peach margaritas and eat their ( warm and wonderful ) tortilla chips every single day for the rest of my life : ) their food strays from the typical 'mexican ' fare you usually find out here , and they add their own signature touch -- those smoky , spicy , sultry hatch chiles ... wow . try the margaritas , but be prepared to drink about 12oz -- they 're enormous : p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arriba is alright . i have n't been to any other location , so i ca n't compare between ahwatukee and elsewhere ; but this location is adequate . the good : they actually have a pretty decent breakfast on the weekends ; and you get a side of pancakes with breakfast too ! the queso dip is a tasty appetizer ( it has chorrizo in it , mmm ! ) . and the $ .99 happy hour margaritas are reason enough to visit arriba . the not-so-good : the service is pretty spotty . sometimes you 're waiting a while and the restaurant is n't even crowded . and i would n't say they 're the friendliest group of people either -- not rude , but not friendly . the food is sort of uneven as well : some winners and some duds . and pay attention to the heat levels on the menu ; some of the dishes are hot . overall , arriba is a decent middle-of-the-road mexican dining option . i 'll undoubtedly be back ... for sure during happy hour .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was absolutely horrible . we called in the afternoon for reservations , we got there at our time , table had n't been set up . had to wait about 15 minutes before we were finally seated . took another 10 minutes before our server bothered to come over and greet us . about 20 minutes later she finally took our food orders . and this was a quiet night , were n't many other customers , but they were slow as molasses syrup in the winter . the after i got home was checking my credit card account and found out they double charged me . sorry arriba , you wo n't be getting my business again . and your margaritas are very subpar", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food here has always been amazing but over the years it seems they 've fired their cleaning staff who gets all the stickiness off the menus and the seats , and hired chefs who ca n't even produce a truly cooked tortilla . disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yuck ! this was n't our first choice for dinner and should 've waited the hour to get a table at los dos molinos . anyways , we ended up here and thought we would give it a shot . we started off with the tortilla soup which was pretty good . the chips and salsa were pretty good too . i ordered carnitas . my meal was so bland . how do you mess up carnitas ? i had a huge plate of food but it was mostly consisted of lettuce , sour cream , guacamole , ect . there was hardly anything else , not that i would 've eaten it anyways . so i we decided to order deep fried ice cream and disappointment hit again . it was ice vanilla ice cream with corn flakes sprinkled on the top . unbelievable ! well now we know and we will never go back there again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing special ... service is always sooooooooooooooooooo slow . every time i 've been i 've ended the meal by thinking to myself i wish i had gone anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "attention vegetarians : my boyfriend and i payed $ 15 for 2 really huge delicious vegan burritos . however half way thru my burrito was a huge chunk of carnitas aka shredded pork i could n't tell if they were being assholes or they are just too fucking stupid to make a burrito without dead animal caracas in it . it really pissed me off and i am never going back ! on a good note the guacamole and chips and salsas were fantastic . our waiter was very friendly as well . the bill was cheap for the amount of food we ordered . vegetarians beware . meat eaters : you 're gon na enjoy arribas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i have frequented this place for a few years now . their lunch specials m-f are totally worth it . ( mainly enchilada monday and chimichanga thursday ) . if you 're ordering for dinner , most of their items are a tad pricy in my opinion , but not to the ridiculous end . their margaritas are huge and delicious ( especially if you splurge for the cabo wabo one ) and their bean dip is to die for ! i definitely recommend this place and if you 're going to get something enchilada style , go with the green sauce !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for lunch this afternoon . i got the tuesday lunch special . two ground beef tacos rice and beans . all for $ 4.99 . great price for as much food as i got .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there for happy hour . the chips and salsa were good . i was a little disappointed in the service . we had to ask for everything . i sat there with an empty glass for quite some time . the bartender could have been having an off night so i will give them a try again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sorry..not much here i can give a plus to.. i do like the margaritas..so i can give a star or two.. i do love the chips ... the little dips that you get prior to ordering ... my one thing is that.. is that the dip crock is so small..that you have to continuously try and catch the waiter ... i a bit of a chip muncher..salsa , and dip lover ... so i have had the cheese crisp with a few extras on the side.. my parents were here and wanting some 'good ' mexican food ... my mom , hated it ... oops ! guess ill pay attention to yelp before i do that again ... i like that the food is new mexican 'style ' with green chile type dishes ... but i have yet to be impressed with the enchiladas ... or the tacos ... or the food , in general . service is blah..and inconsistent ... starting from the moment you walk in to the 'dressed up ' hostesses with attitude..but margs are good , strong..and the chips and salsas are good.. not great..good", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was not impressed at all . i like the little waterfall out front and wish they took advantage of it by having an outdoor patio around it . 99c margaritas for happy hour are great ! however paying almost $ 3 for a soda rounded out the pricing for beverages . i liked the chips and salsa okay . was not a fan of the bean dip at all . ordered the guacamole . great amount and flavor was okay . did n't care for the big chunks of avocado that were stringy . ca n't imagine ever going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we we extremely disappointed this evening . we sat st our table for over 20 minutes and no even served us water . servers , only two in that area would walk by and did n't even acknowledge us , a party of three . i would not recommend this place to anyone again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every time someone brings up this place i literally cringe . now before i continue , when i dislike a place with the amount of hatred that i have for an awful place like arribas , there is a good reason . i will never base my opinion off of one meal , i will give a place multiple chances before i write it off completely . the food is absolutely disgusting , either too salty or not flavorful at all , i can not stand a single thing at this place . just thinking about it makes me wonder how this place stays in business . nachos..nasty enchiladas..nasty rice ... nasty flautas ... nasty ! i could go on forever ! how a restaurant can screw up a big bowl margarita is beyond me..but somehow..this place can do it ! do n't go here , recommend this place only to your worst enemy . ew !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love arriba 's ! we were seated out on the patio by the beautiful rock covered waterfalls ! ! served promptly ! i ordered the green chile burrito plate with spanish rice and retried beans . the food was exactly what i expected ! delicious ! my daughter ordered a coconut smoothie and it was n't to her liking and our amazing waitress , bailey , proactively offered her the strawberry smoothie ... which tickled her little taste buds just right ! lol bailey was very personable and accommodating as always ! great job ! just forgot our silverware ; ) i guess you ca n't have everything ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ginormous margaritas ! ! ! ! ! the glass probably holds like a gallon of cheap margarita . what would push this place to 5 stars in my mind is if all those margaritas inspired some naughtiness . like people getting in on in the booths and feeding each other chips covered in bean dip . hot ! why are n't there waitresses roaming around trying to pour cheap tequila down people 's throats ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "okay , i just have two specials that i would like to mention . okay . are you ready ? taco tuesday & chimi thursday i heard of arribas but i 've never been until i started working on this side of town . i 'm very much loyal to poncho 's . what can i say ? so taco tuesday is $ 0.99 a taco , pretty popular . and $ 1.99 chimi on thursday , sort of popular . however , tuesdays and thursdays are usually packed for lunch but if you know what your ordering it 's much faster . service may not be at it 's best on these days but you will get your food . ( if you get the right waiter and server . ) the chips and salsa ( hot , mild ) and hot bean dip are very addicting , so watch the intake or you 'll be taking a doggy bag home . warning : mild salsa may have a little heat to it . eat with caution .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first place i came on my first day in az and they served me the most disgusting margarita- it tasted like cleaning products i told the sever the same and he looked at me like i was crazy and told me there was no way that was possible ... so i chugged it and got a corona ! ! the food was ok nothing special . the best part was sitting on the patio and drinking !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was pretty bland . had cheese enchilada , beef taco , chicken taco and cheese crisp with beef . no real flavor to any .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chips and salsa are fabulous - but after that , the food was mediocre at best . i have chili verde at every mexican restaurant as a measure of their quality . arribas chili verde sauce was exquisite , but the pork was cut into small pieces , making the meat a little tougher than i like . the tortillas were top-notch , and the charro beans were spicy and delicious ! my wife 's rio grande enchiladas , however , were disgusting . the cheese sauce tasted like bad queso out of a can ! really overpowering and the adobada was barely noticeable under that swamp of queso . go for the chili verde ! it was decent ; above average . the exterior is very warm and inviting , the staff , however , are aloof and unfriendly , except for the wait staff . our server was very pleasant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to stop in at arriba for our weekly date night . i ordered the white sands chimichanga and my wife ordered the carnitas . my overall impression was underwhelming . my chimichanga was covered in a white cheese that tasted like velveta ( gross ) and the tortilla was quite tough . my wife 's carnitas were good but were $ 16.00 which i find to be too high . the one good thing were the server and manager . both were very friendly and attentive . my wife had a question about the cream cheese they used and the manager found out and told us . so kudos for that . all in all i was unimpressed and would not bring my business here when there are so many better options in my opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible ! service was way slow , waitress was i in another world , tells in salsa and drinks took forever . i order the fish tacos , asked for sour cream instead of the spicy sauce they use . first off , there was so much sour cream , the disk was literally swimming in it . the amount of fish was ridiculous for the price of the meal ( $ 11 ) , i wish i had taken a photo of it . it was n't seasoned and had no taste . oh , and the ice tea was nasty . manager gave us a free appetizer for our next visit but we went be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved everything we tried ! the queso fundido was hands down the best i have ever had ! my plate was perfectly spicy . highly recommend it ! family friendly and exceptional customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good grub . the atmosphere is quite festive , the prices are fairly low , i 've never had to wait for a table , and the service has always been friendly and attentive . yes , i am mexican so i know authentic mexican food , and i 've even taken my parents here , and my own father who is the king of chile had a hard time handling the heat from their hatch chiles . man those things have some kick to them ! if you like spicy , give them a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this establishment about 4 or 5 times now and i have never been disappointed . the service is always great and fast . the meals are always good and i do n't always order my favorite i bounce around the menu to see how there other dishes taste as well , and have n't been disappointed yet . i like the themes for each day of the week for instance , my last visit was on a tuesday and of course ... taco tuesday . tacos were a 1.00 and great so if your ever in chandler and want some good mexican food arriba 's is wuts sup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok so house beer c- i did get the chicken grilled with beans and they were a solid c+ service was good and they did take the beer off but everything was just ehhh . gave the the three not two only because they are prices `` ok ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went with three others . my first & last visit . the menu did not properly describe the item and instead of a bell pepper dish , i got a pork dish . it was dreadful . the other three i went with were not very happy with their meals either . the restaurant was extremely noisy . not pleasant at all & terrible food . will never go back . a big disappointment . they ca n't even describe their items properly so you never know what you are going to end up with . they called it a pepper dish and it was a pork dish . the sauce apparently contained pulverized peppers . are they stupid ? i should have trusted my instincts & not the commercial . it 's a third world country . they can barely afford to feed themselves . they have no history of cuisine . i would n't waste my time and money on this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live for the arriba 's peach margaritas , it is so delicious and at happy hour is decently priced . the flan is also to die for , i come here when i want to be put in a sugar induced coma . however , when i do come here , the people that are working really seem to not want to be bothered , this is a minor problem i have to deal with just to get the amazing drinks and desserts they have i guess ! the decor is also really great , a half inside half outside area complete with a beautiful fountain and mood lighting . if you want authentic cuisine and ambiance , definitely give this place a try ! but do n't expect too much from your server ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere and service were good . we were seated immediately near the outdoor seating area . we went with our children on sunday when they offer kids eat for free . we ordered the white sands chimichanga and shared it . it was delicious and large enough to share , good thing we did . our older daughter ordered a chimichanga with red sauce and she enjoyed it as well . the kids meals did not skimp . we enjoy this place with an authentic new mexican flare . try any recipe for hatch chiles and you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible sante de salad . a huge amount of sour cream mixed with seemed to be old caramelized onions and lettuce . no cheese . super dry crumbly strips of chicken breast that at first i was upset that there were n't more but after tasting the first one i was glad there were only four . the only good thing was the guacamole . waiter and service was good . i could only eat a part of this salad and still needed protein so we had to eat at another place after this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sat at the bar . the bartender sucked , lame attitude , no silverware , never asked about food or needing another beer and basically not very friendly . the chips & salsa were pretty good , not great . the chicken fajitas were ok but typical , nothing to brag about . they need to make the beer colder and the staff warmer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their white sands is amazing ... if you can deal with the worst service of your life . i 've stopped eating in house and just call my order in now . however tonight not only was my order wrong ( no apology when i told them it was wrong ) i also got to witness the hostess complaining about who ever took her phone . he took her phone because she was texting while i was waiting to be helped .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great atmosphere with a beautiful water feature right in front . even the bathrooms were nice ! the food is about what to expect for a mexican restaurant . price was average but the service was a little less than good . we went as a big group for a birthday and we only had one server ... they were n't even that busy that they were short handed . it was fun though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if this new mexico style restaurant was in new mexico , it would not be open.although it is not the worst place for mexican food , it is easy to see why this is one of few places you dont have to wait for a table on busy nights . tonight our service was decent and the food was ok , just as expected . the hot salsa is way better than the mild and the bean dip is tasty with a spicy kick . i ordered the nm style red which was tasty but had no heat to it . i regret ordering the margarita because it was too sweet and had zero tequila flavor . i ca n't stand when you pay for a margarita and get triple sec over ice . the total for five ( 3 kids and 2 adults ) was $ 67 ( not including tip ) for the meal , 2 beers and a no tequila margarita . our money could have probably been spent better elsewhere . the best part of the meal was not waiting for a table .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a chain restaurant , this place has some pretty good mexican food ! i typically shy away from chain restaurants when it comes to mexican food , because we all know you find some of the best mexican food in a dive ! however , i 've been to arriba 's several times and i 've never been disappointed . i love their chimichangas with green sauce and pork ! the chips and salsa are pretty good and the margaritas are excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for all of the hype that this place gets , i was extremely disappointed in the food , the service , and the price . the food was probably the least disappointing of the three , as it felt a bit more authentic than your typical mexican food chain . i will admit that i did n't try any of their well-known hatch chilies . for the price , this food did n't make par . the service was awful . we were visited at most twice by our waiter , once for our order and once for the check .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a good happy hour and they are also a micro brewery . their brewery provide light , dark , and amber . you would n't expect it from a mexican restaurant . the service her is friendly and fast , but can like any place get a little slow when it 's busy . the food is is tasty , i would recommend the white queso sauce . the white sands or the rio enchiladas . they let you know how hot it is by the peppers on the menu . if you have a large family or group this is the place for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come here every few thursdays a month for the chimichanga . its awesome . dont understand what the complaints are . good prices . good service . never had a problem and have been here about 20 times !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love love it ! walking distance from my hotel , nicest staff ever , best happy hour ! the mini chimis with jalapeno cream cheese were excellent . my waiter john ( 5 pm on monday ) was awesome ! the bill for it all was hilarious , what with the 99 cent margaritas ! thanks for a great time from someone visiting from seattle with a foot cast on ! lovely patio and fountains !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the new mexico style food ! best chili rellenos , salsa , enchiladas since newmexico ! very nice atmosphere too . will definitely bring out of towners here for great mexican food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good margaritas and apps for happy hour . not a very big bar but the bartender is very friendly . i 've been many times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh man that was the most delish mexican food i 've had in a long time ! ! awesome service and every recommended plate was tasty ! ! ! definitely going back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away from this place ! ! ordered a burrito with ground beef . not only was it full of grease it was pink in some areas . i asked for chicken and had it to go . i heated it up and found raw chicken inside . no joke . not only did our waitress not apologize , either did the manager who brought out my to go food . should not even be in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the food , but what would put this place over the top to give it a 5 star rating would be if they change the tortillas . they taste like store bought and since it has some great flavors , the tortillas would top it off . just my suggestion , i think everyone would agree .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are better places to get mexican food here in the valley . go there ! the waitress was moody and not helpful ... we had to literally take a fork and knife to the salsa to cut up the tomatoes . the quesadillas were awful . they were out of mexican beer . what ! ? ! they rest of our party was just 'okay ' with the food . the food is pricey for what it is . then ... they messed up our bill ! it 's our second time in . bc i believe in second chances . i will not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "check list : dirty floors , sticky cheap sliver ware , sticky menus , bad server , tasteless `` mexican '' food . just to name a few ! guess you can make a living selling food to allwhitetukee that makes taco bell look like a five star restaurant ! pluses : atmosphere , chips , & ice . only good things in this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bar review only . stopped in for their $ 0.99 margaritas . the expectation was n't high because it 's $ 0.99 , but it was still pretty bad . the husband got a beer , which for hh , came in a small glass and tasted light watered down coors light ( it was supposed to be a mexican beer ) . granted , the beer was only $ 2 , but we 'd rather pay $ 1- $ 2 more for a better beer at other hh spots . the bar itself looked a bit grimy which deterred us from ordering any food . in addition , the food that we had seen at other tables was n't appealing . well , i satisfied my $ 0.99 margarita curiosity !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to arribas only 3 times in the past 3 months and will continue to eat there , i have a flavor for spicy and the hatch chile sirloin has always been my favorite as well as the chips and dips before the meal . i read some of the other reviews for this restaurant and am surprised how quickly people are to criticize pricing of a soda ( free refills ) or not liking a free bean dip , i tip based on the customer service i do n't bash a company because someone may have had a bad day , i know i 'm guilty of not always being on . i just wanted to defend or voice my opinion to these people that think themselves perfect , this is a really cool place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wife , friend and i visited this resturant the other day . we elected to sit on the patio . this was a mistake because we saw our waitress twice . we ordered an appetizer and it came out 1 min before the meal . the meal was mediocre at best . friend and i had the white sands and my wife had the three cheese chimi . overall this was not a good experience . my wife said it is not normal here but after my experience im hesitant to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just wanted to chime in & say that this place is so vegetarian-un-friendly it 's not even funny . i was dragged here with family & ended up ordering a chile relleno , which was just about the only meatless item on the menu , short of a fucking cheese crisp . it was n't terrible , but this place is really just all kinds of lame . service was mediocre , food was mediocre . with as many awesome & authentic mexican restaurants as there are in the valley , there 's no reason on earth to come back , except maybe to try a mango margarita .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoy their food so much and their service is amazing . i love that you can actually get hot spicy food . normally mexican restaurants , i have a hard time finding spicy foods . the hatch chicken espesial is the best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite shredded beef taco in my area . the rest of the food is just satisfactory , nothing special . but , when i am in the mood for tacos , this is a great choice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to the gilbertaz san tan cafe today with my 86 year old father the hostess was so not wecoming and irritated when i first said patio seating then changed my mind for an indide booth thinking my father would be more comfotable i think the san tan area on market place cafe needs more supervision and training place not busy took over 1 2 hour for 2 fish lunches the servers all seemed like if they smiled it would crack their face god forbid do n't ask for anything extra such a s additional napkins or a little more lettice and onions etc we just waited and waited paid the bill and left so many awesome places we could have gone to very big dissapointment especially if you are driving and ca n't kill the time with a margarita ! ! ! ! ! simply does not resonate a happy place done ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "during our family vacation , we ate here twice - once for brunch and then for dinner . brunch was really good - food had a great taste and very spicy , so we could n't wait to go back for dinner . unfortunately , while dinner was good , the margaritas were awful . my local joint in georgia is way better . we were so surprised with all of the tequila ads everywhere , one would think that margaritas in phoenix would be awesome - but not here ! by the way , this place also brews their own beer - it is the worst possible - by no means should you attempt to try it , sour - yuck !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome drinks great food relaxing and a fun place to be and oh yeah did i mention a good happy hour", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she does n't even know what a square puppy cut or s lion cut is . my dogs are a hot mess from this groomer . wo n't return calls regarding her crappy cuts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great groomer and love that she comes to my house . i had three puppies and it was so had to take them all in the car when they had to be groomed . sure makes things easier . oh yeah and she is a really sweet person who loves the pets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure about the previous reviews , but after trying their services for my two small dogs , we were really happy . scheduled the service two weeks in advance , and on the day of the appointment they called me to let me know they would arrive soon . rose was very polite , and did a great job . our dogs were calmed and happy . no signs of being scared or aggressive . i will definitely use their services again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this guy was very rude . i asked him a question several times before i realized he was ignoring me . then finally instead of answering my question he pointed to a sign so that he did n't have to answer my question . if you do n't like your job then quit . i was nothing but professional . to bad i did n't get the same . it was going to be my first time patronizing the coffee bean . i will not spend my money where i 'm treated rudely .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you ca n't go wrong ordering anything from here . very consistent with the other chain locations and i was n't disappointed . the only thing is that it is a mall location and they do get busy so i had to wait awhile to get my order in . but once they took it within a couple minutes i got my drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only 4 words you need to know are : spicy pimento cheese sandwich at the suggestion of a work buddy , we came here for sandwiches & salads & given her highest recommendation was the pimento cheese , who was i to argue ? this sandwich was phenomenal ! ! creamy cheese spread w little shreds of cheddar & red peppers ( aka , pimentos ) w a nice , spicy kick to the mix ... .all thickly schmeered on a cranberry-walnut-wheat bread & then grilled so it 's all hot & gooey & toasty & melty ! this was out of this world ! ! ! so much so we all came back the next day for more ! and upon the next work trip , you 'd better believe that sandwich will be on my list - i 'm still drooling ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as with my feelings toward other just fresh locations , this just fresh location is just okay . due to the fact i work uptown and this is located near me it is an easy stop . just fresh offers a wide variety of prepared sandwiches , salads , etc . so you can grab and go . in addition , you can order something fresh at the counter . although you can order something fresh , i just do n't find anything great . the soups are always ok , somewhat bland in my mind . however , the sandwiches are my go to selection , since you can make your own at the counter . there are a limited number of seats at a counter and two small tables , so know this is really a grab and go location , unlike their other locations . i will say service is always spot on ... a definite friendly staff at this location . overall , just fresh is not my go to spot , but it does the job when i am looking from something different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of just fresh as i feel they 're just too overpriced for what you get , i mean over $ 7 for a salad that will leave you hungry an hour later ? nope , ca n't do it , which is why i almost never eat here . they offer mostly salads , sandwiches , soup , etc . they usually offer half off the salads , sandwiches , and cookies late afternoon on friday 's . i do like that they have specialty smoothies for $ 2 , and that is a pretty darn good deal and is usually the only reason i tend to stop in lately . hopefully they will keep this going throughout the summer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the . nastiest . coffee . in town . period . the food is edible , but overpriced . suggest avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my favorite lunch spots uptown charlotte ! my usual is a tuna salad sandwich on sourdough wit lettuce cucumber tomato and pepper jack cheese . along with a cup of vegetable soup , this lunch is sure to please . some of my other favorite menu items is the fresh start wrap , croissants , and california dreamer wrap . their mac and cheese is pretty tasty too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great breakfast spot . my favorite is the huevos wrap . always quick & reliable . lunch is good too , but breakfast is my favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work in the building and go there quite often , not because it 's great , it 's just there and they are generally quick . the food is ok and a bit overpriced . the salads are tossed together with general disregard and the breakfast is anything but `` fresh '' i have n't tried the pimento cheese ... maybe soon , but really i only eat there because i know i can get in and out in less than 10 mins .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "glad to find decent food while i 'm traveling for work . mac n cheese was really cheesy ... if you like it super cheesy . mandarin salad was good ... wish there was more lettuce than was given .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're struggling to find a lunch spot during your one hour break and you keep circling around between eating something healthy or down right bad for you like chik fil a , and it 's monday , go to just fresh ! get their loyalty card bc it 's double punch monday 's which means when you go there 5 mondays , you can get a free meal up to $ 7.99 ! oh yeah ... . winning ! ! ! although their food is pretty basic , their cajun chicken salad is decent and somewhat flavorful . and i heard the mandarin salad is tasty too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this just fresh location is in the bldg where i work making it ultra convenient to run down & grab a bite . orders are always fresh & accurate . the owner & his staff are wonderful & generally know are able to ask if i 'm having my usual . i love the punch card & the double punch mondays esp given i go every week day . service is quick , staff is friendly , location is really clean , & they are very accomodating to special orders . the salads w a roll are large enough that it is the perfect midday solution for a meal - healthy , great service , & in out quickly no matter how long the line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "five stars because , and you 've got ta try this , the macchu quinoa bowl and the caesar salad are five star wonderful . these are 2 separate menu items . these two are delicious and they make up for what is lacking at the rest of just fresh . caesar salad is : crisp romaine lettuce topped with parmesan and homemade croutons tossed with caesar dressing . macchu quinoa bowl is : all natural freshly roasted chicken , feta cheese , tomatoes , almonds and avocado over quinoa with white balsamic shallot vinaigrette . five stars because now you know what is excellent . and , here is what to avoid . just fresh also offers wraps and sandwiches . neither category has anything that is above average . if you are going for wraps or sandwiches , keep going . this is n't the place for those . fast , friendly and open from 7am til only 3 or 4 in the afternoon . so , heads up . also , closed on weekends . ( boo )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food tasted good , line was not long and service was quick . food was a little plain and a little pricey for what you 're getting , but a good place for a quick to go lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "normally , i have good salads from there , however , today the mozzobella did not add up . for $ 6.71 , i had 2 portabella mushrooms and 4 small pieces of mozzarella and a ton of salad . just not an even distribution of items . they must do better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i give this place 5 stars for the fact that it 's on the right side of the road for me i can get in and out in a flash they have my favorite cheap wine cupcake sauvignon blanc and it 's not at gas station prices it 's only 9.99 which is great because not only am i getting it for the same low price as the grocery store but they actually have it ! ! no gas station ever has it ! so when i get off work late and all of the grocery stores in my southend neighborhood are closed i can swing by here and grab that and some beer for my guy . they also have a pretty good selection of snacks , it 's clean and the staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is being converted to a 7-eleven . the blockbuster kiosk has been gone for a while also . we 'll see what 7-eleven does to improve the store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have you ever been to a gas station where there 's a line full of customers and the guy behind the counter has his cell phone glued to his ear and the perception is that he would rather be talking to his friends then deal with you ? that 's what i experienced when i went into this 7 eleven this morning . it 's pretty hard to give people the service or even the right change when you 're too busy talking on your cell phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let 's keep this short and sweet : it 's a pretty clean and well kept 7-11 . it 's right on the corner so there is easy access and it seemed pretty well stocked . the staff was ok and service was pretty fast . i was literally in and out in no time , so that 's always a bonus ! in my books this place is okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simple local breakfast place ran by high schoolers learning how to run a kitchen . not a huge selection of food but definitely do a great job with what they serve . had the omelet w choice of fillings . and tried the butternut squash soup . for the situation definitely worth coming to try the place support local and support the idea", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gone back several times and today enjoyed a delicious portabella sandwich with broccoli rabe and feta with a side of sweet potatoes that was delectable and this is coming from someone who does n't even like sweet potatoes . any `` kinks '' in food prep have been worked out and the food comes out much timelier . each time i 've gone there have been at least one or two other patrons but i 've yet to see the place really packed so i hope the cafe is n't being overlooked which is easy to do since it 's housed in the goodman center and is n't very noticeable from outside unless you are already aware of it . they are seriously serving the best breakfast and lunch in the area so hopefully the word will get out soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once , but the wait in line did n't seem worth it , and there were n't many options on the menu . i was expecting there to be slightly more on the menu than eggs + bacon and pancakes . also , prepare yourself to reek like bacon grease when you walk out of ironworks cafe . i do n't think they have a very good ventilation system or something because my clothes and hair absolutely stunk afterward . i strongly disagree with other reviewers that say this is the beast breakfast in town . they obviously have n't been to sophia 's or la brioche . : d", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food a disgrace . bakery cloyingly sweet . service terrible . it all change when underground left . will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is run entirely by high school students : front counter , cooking , supplies ordering , money management , etc . i 'm disappointed by the people writing negative reviews . we should be proud to support these kids while they learn the skills to run a business and provide good customer service . their food is fabulous and the space is great . damn good job . they are rockin it at ironworks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ironworks cafe is a fabulous choice for anyone that is looking for a chill location to pick up some good eats for a reasonable price . yes , the service will be slower and their may be hiccups during the dining experience but that is to be expected when dining at a restaurant that partners with east high school 's alternative educational program . the menu is small but creative and everything we have eaten there was fabulous , not to mention the price is right . everything is served a la carte so if you are looking for a sit down breakfast this is not the place for you . bottom line if you are simply looking for good food that supports local produce and local schools you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had peanut pork soup that was one of the best soups i 've ever had . the spicey pork sandwich is great and the greens are , week green . the girl working behind the counter was so new as that it 's not fair to comment on her . the food is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just there last weekend for the first time in over a year , and the menu has definitely changed . it 's pretty breakfast-mainstream as opposed to when it was more culinary adventurous . i heard the underground food collective brothers were behind the first menu , but they moved on . food quality was downgraded also - probably 3 stars . coffee is still good , the employees are still nice , and i still like the idea of this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like everything about ironworks cafe , from its modest location ( tucked inconspicuously into a corner of the handsome goodman center ) , to the decor , the mission ( locally-sourced foods , jobs training ) , and finally the food . if you want a place that serves all the old stand-bys , then ironworks may not be for you : the menu rotates and is usually kind of limited . but i 've liked - really liked - everything i 've had here : top quality ingredients , well-prepared . the service at the counter is definitely a little indifferent and or amateurish at times , but to my thinking it kind of adds to the charm . despite its relatively small size , this place has never been crowded when i 've visited , which may be a result of people going to places with more `` polished '' service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever ordered a latte that took 30 minutes to get , along with the 6 people in front of me waiting for their hot beverages . the girl working obviously had no training . when i asked her how long she worked there , she said a couple months . she forgot the flavor shot and when she added it her fingers were low enough on the spoon when she mixed it that they dipped into my beverage . how does this place pass food safety regulations ? i threw the whole thing out . do n't go here . this place needs some serious management and customer service leadership .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when we walked in , two high school age kids were standing behind the counter having a serious discussion about some cash register procedure . i stood there , waiting . five minutes later , i was still waiting . my husband , who was ill , had to go sit down before we were even greeted . that 's about how the customer service went . even though it was a sunday morning , there was n't much in the bake case that day . the menu did n't have much to offer , and what there was looked too heavy for us -- bacon-and-eggs type stuff . dan ended up with apple juice , while i had a cup of coffee and snagged the last muffin , a poor misshapen thing -- looked like maybe somebody dug a mouse out of it on the way out of the oven . we made something to eat when we got home , and have n't gone back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went for lunch on a sunday , and had a groupon . it took a little while for the cashier to figure out how to charge us , but we ordered everything okay . the sunday menu is all brunch food , which is really very breakfasty ( i had been hoping for a sandwich ) . the food took a while to arrive - especially considering that they were n't all that busy - but it was extremely tasty and worth the wait . the coffee was good , too . the space is also pretty cool , with a high ceiling and ( unsurprisingly ) a bit of an industrial feel . this seems like a good place for a laid-back breakfast lunch brunch , but make sure you allow plenty of time for your visit . i really like that this cafe partners with east high 's alternative ed program .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was superb in flavor and presentation and the coffee was brewed to perfection . this is a must visit for those that wish to support local business and care about helping deserving community activities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woohoo is right on ! i went here only because i happened to be in the goodman center and boy am i happy i was . yeah there were only a few options on the menu but i talked to the kid working there and it 's because they change the menu every day so there is always something new . the coffee was good , the food was ridiculously good and i bought a bunch of their baked goods to take home and ate them all up because they were also beyond good . good , good , good . and i did n't smell bacon grease at all . it was also really cheap for being so tasty . i wish it were closer to my area so i could go all the time but it will be a nice treat when ever i am at the center .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our weekly tgif breakfast at ironworks cafe was delightful . come hungry - portion sizes were huge . friendly , chatty staff . we got there right when it opened , so it was still quiet - no lines . for $ 20 , we tried the frittata ( made with local ingredients and served with a side salad ) , the chai oatmeal ( made with housemade chai , served with raisins and topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries ) , a lemon ginger scone ( yum ! ) , and their private label coffee from `` just coffee '' co-op . yes , i would definitely recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . first things first : the food was outstanding , and the place had a lot of charm . the coffee was also more than decent . the wait was no longer than i 'd expect for a saturday brunch . secondly : the kids that work in the cafe are obviously not seasoned professional waiters , but what they lack in expertise they more than make up in fresh faces and friendly attitudes . keep in mind , they 're high school students in the process of learning valuable work skills . all in all , it was darling , and i will definitely come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "menu is very limited . zero service . not much breakfast meats . we were told we could sit anywhere when we came in.. then without anyone coming to the table in awhile , we went back to the counter to find out that we had to order there . that would have been good to know , when we were told we could sit anywhere ! terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "firkin awesome food . worth letting your belt loose for . salads were just as good as the burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and attentive service , the waitress checked on us regularly . the food was above average . i ordered the namesake and my husband ordered the samburger . the flavor of the patty was delicious and was cooked well . my husband had one small complaint that his burger was a tad greasy , but he still downed it like it was no problem . i have eaten at a lot of upscale burger places ( burger bar & bugr , both in vegas ) and this one is on pair with them . what set them apart for me was the perfectly delectable double truffle fries . they had the perfect amount of truffle oil and were cut medium thick the way i prefer fries ! i want to come back if anything for those delicious fries and maybe to try one of their many shakes or homemade banana cream pie ( yes , it sounds amazing ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good spot for a burger or salad in the biltmore . i want to say each experience prior to this one has been very good . the service and food are typically on point . however , our last visit was with a large group for my nephews birthday . we ordered the kids their meals first in hopes of avoiding any meltdowns . about 15-20 minutes later the adults began to order their meals . the adult meals came out first with the kids waiting another 45 minutes to eat . half of the meals were entered incorrectly and or were never placed by the server . the experience on this particular evening was a real struggle . it may be a while until i 'm back . i like the food , but the service needs to improve .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love it so much that we ate here two nights in a row during our phoenix trip ! might be the best meal i 've ever had ! the special of the week american kobe burger w oregon morrell mushrooms is awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at a zinburger and it was amazing ! only a 5 minute wait , my friend and i split zucchini fries and sweet potato fries and they were delicious . i got the turkey burger and it was perfect , the texture , taste , everything , just incredible . my friend got the blanco burger and finished it in 5 minutes , never set it down once ! said it was the most amazing burger she has ever had ! our server was great , never waited for him and he was fun to chat with ! even got us to get dessert which we never do , the chocolate cream pie was a perfect end to our meal ! ! ! i would absolutely suggest everyone try this place out if you love burgers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is quite decent . i ordered the farm salad in small size ( only $ 5 ) and it was really good . my friend got a build his own burger with only $ 11.5 and it turned out really good . the server is definitely friendly , and the environment is great . the whole idea of `` concept kitchen '' is pretty cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burgers are delicious fresh and tasty . i ordered a regular cheeseburger with bacon and a fried egg . the green chili fries were spicy but good . the nutella shake and chocolate cake were also very good . our waiter was friendly and attentive . the store was also very clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food ! their burgers are always amazingly fresh and tasty . normally i always have great customer service , but this last time the server seemed too busy doing her closing duties as opposed to bringing our food out on time . it was a bit on the cold side ... disappointing , but still good ! would give it a 5 star , but this last time really bummed me out . hopefully next time i get warmer food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was delicious for my first time here ! the wait for seating was n't long nor for the time to make our food . sure the greasy burger soaked the bottom bun but that 's how you know its good ( p :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night was my first time coming here and let me say i was impressed ! i ordered the breakfast burger and everything was delicious . our server was very nice and he was attentive as well . our order came out at a reasonable time since it was very busy and everything we ordered came out just how we wanted and nothing was returned . no complaints there ! i would come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just ate here for the first time today and had a wonderful experience . everything from the young lady who sat us . to the man that served us his name is marcus and he was really helpful with explaining the menu and letting me know what my options were . i ordered the california burger with bacon , medium well , and it came out quickly and it was delicious . i highly recommend this place . very accommodation and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu . i will most defiantly be coming back and bringing friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent burgers and sides with high-quality ingredients . the turkey sloppy joe changed my mind about 1 ) turkey burgers and 2 ) sloppy joes . service is good , usually , too . i recommend their sangria , but if you 're celebrating anything , split a milkshake or cream pie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible ! we were given the suggestion to come here and it was wonderful . the restaurant is located in a busy area but it is not congested . it 's a friday night and the crowds are not too heavy . the burgers are fantastic . i had the blanco and my sister had the el diablo . we shared the loaded fries . the burgers are huge and the fries huge portion . great all away around . except being a southern girl we love our sweet tea -- none here . but that 's ok. our meal was fabulous . we are taking a chocolate malt and slice of banana cream pie to go . if you are anywhere in the area you need to eat here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not order drinks , mine was full of syrup with no alcohol , waste of $ . saw very small wine portions being served . burger good , cooked just the way i ordered . skinny fries which i do not like , waste of $ 5 . milk shakes are a must . if you go , just order the burger and shake , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zinburger is a quick , delicious stop for lunch ! although they 're known for the undoubtedly delicious burgers , i always get a mouth watering shake and loaded french fries . makes me feel like i 'm getting that classic diner feeling ! the service is always quick and friendly . i highly suggest stopping in for your next lunch break !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "too expensive for what you get . decent food , but pricey for burgers and fries for two people . also , since when did the servers and hostesses who happen to be women have to dress like hoes ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could i would go 3.75 on the stars for the review . i want to start by saying the employees were all great . all smiling and very professional . i would make some of the girls change their shorts , celebrate your over sized bodies and too small of shorts at home , not attractive . also , can you wipe down the wallpaper , if your sitting in the booths you see the lack of attention eye level as a server you would never see the issue because the dirt blends into the wall paper . burgers were good , fries good and prices good . no complaints but nothing over the moon . it was a good place to relax , have a conversation and eat a good burger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i love their burgers . i love their french fries , i love their zucchini fries . service is good each visit . the employees here have a great attitude .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite burger place in the valley . we used to drive to tucson from mesa just for it , and we are stoked to have them here . great food and good service . the ahi burger is the best anywhere in the valley or at least up there with the one from hill stone . probably my favorite frc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in with my mom so she could buy some shoes . the girls working there must have been having a bad day because my mom was n't treated well at all . tall red head in a green dress threw a box of shoes on the ground so close to my mom because my mom did n't like the style that was brought to her . what a shame- we would have bought every pair that fit and had a good style . bad service . bad attitude . for no solid reason .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are not past 70 , or a yuppy hippy this store is not for you . completely overpriced , most sandals for women were over $ 100 and looked like something my granny donated to goodwill . they carry all sorts of birkenstockesque kinda shoes . they boast `` comfort '' shoes , but who cares where you are walking when your feet look that ugly . i 'll sacrifice a bit of comfort for a hot pair of wedges any day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bf and i went here tonight after getting a groupon for this store ( 40 $ for 80 $ ..pretty sweet ) . we got there about 10 minutes before closing , which was very rude of us , but the people who were working there did n't seem to mind and still gave us outstanding service ! so much so that the woman who worked there offered to gift wrap a pair of shoes for us ... even when we kept them late . the place has a good selection of comfortable and specialty shoes and i like supporting a local business . give this place a shot the next time you need a nice pair of shoes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "needed to find comfortable but firm sole shoes after a stress fracture of my left foot . found this store on yelp and went yesterday . the friendliest and most patient salespeople . my husband bought a pair of naot shoes which he loved and was on sale 1 2 price . after trying on many pairs of shoes i bought two pairs of naot sandels . love this store . i think the salesgirl was lindsey not sure but everyone in the store was warm and friendly ! i will be back again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! ! ! i used to go to asu and did n't even know this place existed until recently . we had to get a gift for my fianc\u00e9 's father and we knew he wanted birkenstocks . this place has them all . literally , they have a wall of birkenstocks to choose from . and the two ladies helping us were so nice ! i highly recommend them for the outstanding service . prices were on par with what we found elsewhere ( birks are n't cheap ) but the selection ( size and colors ) was what sold it . thank you so much for al your assistance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , selection , location and sales . have gotten three pairs here so far . love my reiker shoes especially . love shopping here rather than macy 's or kierland . this is my new shoe source .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best select of men & women 's sandals . very helpful and friendly staff . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were visiting phoenix area and i wanted a new pair of birkenstock 's . i checked yelp for the best store in the area . as previously mentioned , the store is pricey but birkenstock are any way . helen assisted us immediately upon entering and got me fitted and setup with new sandals immediately with several options . i then wanted my wife to get something and for the next 30 mins my wife tried on atleast 20 different shoes . helen was fabulous and kept the shoes coming so my wife could make a good choice . yes i did spend a lot of money and i normally dont like to spend a lot , but after the excellent customer service and hospitality i didnt mind . the store sells quality merchandise which is pricey , but you get what you pay for . if i ever come back to the area and need shoes or sandals , i will be back to see helen . great store and service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good shoes , good employees . if u sign up for their emails u can receive 20 bucks off your next pair of shoes or ask someone who is already on their mailing list who has gotten a coupon already through the mail", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome shoe store on mill avenue . traveling in az with really uncomfortable walking shoes . popped in and tried on super comfortable shoes from wolky , ecco and birkenstock . walked around on a wolky cloud for the rest of the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today helen helped my daughter and me . she found just the pair of shoes she needed . we had several special specifications and got just what we needed . love to buy local in our hometown of tempe . shoe mill was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the salespeople here are so patient . finding shoes that fit me is a looong project and the salespeople here never complain when i am there for an hour or more , trying things on , walking around , asking for different sizes , etc . they are helpful and knowledgable . and leave me alone when i need to think about what i want . i have easily returned shoes that do n't turn out to fit . yes , their shoes are expensive , but the service is excellent and the shoes last forever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in the market for a new pair of birkenstocks , this is the place to go . they have a large selection but whether or not they have your size in the style and color you want is another story . the shoe mill carries many other shoe brands , all of them leaning more on the side of comfort , than fashion . definitely worth checking out if you spend hours on your feet and are in the market for something comfortable . staff is helpful and accommodating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two reasons i highly recommend this place : quality and service . first off , the shoes are high-quality , long-lasting , and supportive . the shoes have arch support and are good for the health of your foot and back . yes , they can be pricey shoes , but they do have coupons and clearance which helps . plus the shoes last a long time . secondly , the customer service is unparalleled . they bring you the shoe you ask for ... plus lots of other options in your size . they let you try on as many as you want.they are available to help you . they do n't pester you but let you take as much time as you need to decide . i have returned items with no hassle from them . they genuinely want you to be happy so you 'll come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very knowledgable and friendly staff , they know their products well . trail runners , dress shoes , clogs , sandals , vibram five fingers , burks . it 's worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great selection of very high quality men 's ( and women 's ) comfort and mostly fashionable shoes and sandals . [ not the place to go for athletic sneakers or runway style formal shoes . ] most of their men 's shoe and sandal options take into account that we live in a warm and dry climate . ask for ashley , she has excellent taste , a helpful and not pushy attitude , and she totally got it when i explained what works for best for my feet . the only negative , is when you purchase anything and then see the exact same item in another competitors store ( or , on the manufacture web site ) at a much lower cost your out of luck for any credit back . keep up the great work ashley . we 'll definitely ask for you again next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very scary place with a lot of room on your credit card . staff friendly and knowledgeable . many brands and great sales tax for this cali girl with a slight shoe addiction !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's on mill and filled with all the wonderful , good for your feet , shoes that any woman could want ! the prices are high , but they carry all of the high-end healthy feet shoes , so that is expected . you know , those shoes you buy for over $ 100 and end up wearing for the next 5 years ? the girl who helped me was unbelievably kind and helpful . i do n't remember her name but she was a really beautiful younger african american girl . she was great ! i will be back for all my dansko sanita shoe needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shoe mill has the most comfortable shoes for men and women . great atmosphere with knowledgable staff . amazing selection of shoes . i would recommend to a friend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing store ! privately owned - i love buying shoes from a private owner , they always try harder and have great customer service like this little shop . i tried on a million shoes but the clerk was so friendly and cheerful through it all . i ended up buying two pair of shoes - both on sale which was a bonus - one was josef seibel and was was something else but both very comfortable . i have bunions and flat feet , so this is definitely the place to go if you have foot problems . worth the drive from green valley , arizona !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i might even go 3.25 stars here . tried these guys last night for the first time . they had a big banner out that proclaimed `` any 12 '' pizza $ 12 . '' when i order pizza i want either ; a . a tasty pie ny style . the closest i 've found in the valley have been grimaldi 's and mama mia . thin crust , minimal toppings , yum . b . a `` regular '' pizza with lots of toppings . i 've been accused of having a salad bar on my pizza . this gets expensive so the offer advertised on the banner was promising . so i dropped in and ordered one to go with 3 toppings . not bad . medium body crust , mild sauce , not too tart or sweet . plentiful toppings , cheese nicely browned . tasty . i was disappointed when i realized they are a chain and i immediately had fears of a peter piper or little ceasar 's type of pizza but this was distinctly better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the owners or their people will cook your pizza any way you like it . our family ( with children ) can relax and the kids play with the games in a separate room . i gave it 5 stars because i really can get a family meal cooked and prepared the way i want it , half made for the kids and half for my wife and i . their wings are baked not fried , so they are not too greasey . this place is family owned and operated and the dad knows our names and usually has quarters for our kids to play some games . former u.s. marines show up each friday meet , eat , drink and play cards or dominoes . i mention this because two of our kids sit down and the marines let them play with them . it cracks me up . oh , the salad bar is pretty good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here while on vacation visiting my friend . neither of us had been there before , but i know they have lots of locations on the west coast , so we gave it a try . the staff was totally rude . before we went , we called to check the hours . the guy on the phone was patronizing and acted inconvenienced to have to give any information . the pizza was blah - totally generic and nothing special . if you 're going to have mediocre food , you better have exceptional service . double fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was our second time ordering pizza from here while visiting show low . we remembered liking it and last night , we liked it again . the pizza was great . nice thick crusts . we had the veggie and a good ole fashioned cheese . the gal on the phone was polite . delivered on time . we will definitely get pizza from here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store has interesting objects for sale . however , the woman behind the counter was so rude , it dissuaded me from buying a console table there . i took a business card as i walked out . the lady literally chased after me and grabbed me by my wrist . i assumed she thought i was stealing so i showed my hands , and she ripped the business card out of my hand and stormed off . w o w. i 've never been physically accosted by a salesperson before . they need to fire her before they have a lawsuit on their hands . needless to say , i wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the rude lady behind the counter kept me from purchasing anything in this store . when i asked her if she knew how much a certain item cost , she snidely remarked , `` of course i know how much it costs , i put it there ! '' okay ... i guess if you have to ask how much an item is at this store , you ca n't afford it . hint taken and i was outta there ! wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were interested in purchasing several pieces of furniture from this store however the woman who works here is so rude and condescending . she lacked basic customer service skills and seemed disinterested in helping us . she cost her son , who owns the store , thousands of dollars and great customers . we offered to leave our contact info incase her son wanted to follow up with us but she refused to take our information . hands down the worst sales skills we have ever seen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the store not the designer or his talent . i agree with the other reviewer that the customer service in the store needs to change . the women behind the desk ( who is the designers mother ) looks miserable . never a hello , goodbye , or can i help you . i like the furniture but hard to buy from someone that has no people skills . fyi the designer ninush is not any better with his people skills a lot of same traits as his mother . if he 's using the store as a vehicle to attract interior design clients , he should fire his mom and bring in someone with people skills .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude people owners all we got were glares from the three people working and we were never greeted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would give this place less than one star , if possible . i stopped in about two years ago and was completely ignored . i walked right back out and had n't been back until today . we are redecorating a home we recently purchased , and i thought i 'd give this business another try . different day , different year but same exact experience as the first time . the saleslady ( who by the description of other reviewers is the same one we were exposed to ) was outside smoking as we approached the store . after having to walk through her cloud of smoke , we entered the store , and she followed us in . no greeting . no asking if she could help . she did n't even look at us . even if the pieces were spectacular , i would never purchase anything from them or enlist them for their design services . when there are so many other choices of designers and merchandise , why would anyone ever deal with this truly miserable place ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brilliant designer that comes with real ideas not recycled trends . i can say that our project is developing into something way beyond what i ever imagined . his follow through with suppliers is a huge benefit . i ca n't imagine doing a project like this without him in my corner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i had a great experience at the store . we met the same lady everyone else did , the mom . maybe it was because she fell in love with our dog that we had with us , but she was very nice to us . we talked to her about everything for an hour and even face timed with one of her friends from israel . she welcomed us and our puppy inside the store and we bought a beautiful console table and statue . will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely no stars . i walked in there with a feeling that i would buy lots of things because of the design concepts . i walked out immediately because of this fat sales woman who ignored me . no thanks . why would i hand you my money ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "style , luxury , lifestyle ! my experience with snir ( the owner ) is second to none . snir is helping design my entire home . he really took the time to listen to my vision that reflects my lifestyle and taste . he has impeccable style and a detailed eye . the studio alone , is one of a kind ( with a sweet little lady that welcomes you at the door ) . if you are searching for a designer , you have found the right place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the most amazing giant stone foot ... if you 're in the market for a giant stone feet that is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being in the legal profession , i absolutely have no taste and snir has really helped me . snir will be designing our new home , has been very receptive , and knows his business . he is excellent at what he does , can see things that others do n't and i highly recommend the store and snir . no complaints here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just found this amazing place on green valley ! ! ! ! i had to buy a chandelier and table because i was having friends in town , i absolute fell in love with everything they have really unique furniture , home decor , art etc . very sexy and glam ! ! ! ! i will definitly go back for more stuff : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice store . very good and modern taste . we 're very happy with our purchase and 100 % satisfied with the quality !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the perfect place for the most unique and edgy furnishings and decor in las vegas . i highly recommend anyone to check out this fabulous place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ditch plain boring lame ashley and walker furniture and head to ninush for some truly unique and amazing furniture and decor . the minute i walked in i was like a little kid in a candy store , i wanted everything ! each and every item in the store is a conversation piece worth showcasing . i hired snir ( the owner ) for his interior design service and he revamped , jazzed up , and brought my house to life ! my house looks like it 's straight out of a magazine ! i could n't be any happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pieces , higher price tags but for one of a kind pieces , definitely not mass produced but absolutely horrible service . bad vibes as soon as i walked in . no greeting , no service just bad vibes . i do n't know what else to say except this lady costs the owner a lot of money . but for the fact that she is still there all these years has me thinking who ever employs her does it out of their own reasons ... like maybe she really is the owner 's mother as the other reviews say and she is better in that store than in the home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great store ! eclectic , modern , new , and luxurious . anything from furnishings to interior design . the designer offers personalized service with ideas and guidance for any type of style and taste !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy to have stumbled upon this gem of a store . i love the selection and diversity it has to offer . everyone working there is wonderful and beyond helpful . i look forward to returning to this store next time i am in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited ninush almost a year ago , and so loved the items and design sensibility , that we reached out to his mother who was working there to express our desire to get some interior help at our home . we reached out to snir recently and engaged him to help us with our home . he has a great dry humor and is super organized and punctual . he gets things done and is very responsive . the bigger deal is that his taste is impeccable and he listens to your desired outcomes and then moulds them into a much better reality ! i have to say , we 've just worked with him a month and he has already brought unique changes to our home and our design mindset . i would highly recommend him for non-matchy match , non-cookie cutter , fantastic design . and he 's kind and fun too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booked through home advisor to repair refrigerator even received a reminder from company about appointment scheduled for this morning . so far ... ... no call no show . calls to the company are answered by recording stating they are not accepting phone calls at this time . what ? ? ? ! ! ! why are they scheduling appointments if they 've closed down or on vacation or some other calamity ? . home advisor please take this company off your roster ! ! update : company just called and said they were on their way ... ..2 1 2 hours late . claimed our appointment was for 10-12 instead of 8-10 despite email confirmation to the contrary . told them to forget it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after his first visit & `` fix '' michael was back 2 additional times ( should have been 3 ) for the original problem . which obviously was not completely repaired the first time . the 2nd time it `` broke '' pump motor was replaced within a day , well , 2 weeks later same original problem again . he came out , thought it was the hose , repaired it . when the same problem happened again within 2 days , he said he would check with his dad & get back to us ! well no call , not returning messages & not answering phone ! ! we called somebody else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "old man mike helped us out a bunch ! his diagnosis was as quick as the repair . very cool to talk to . thanks again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unexpected ! fast & friendly service . honest & fair pricing . mike will be our `` go to '' guy from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of those places for dining on good italian-american comfort food in a relaxed atmosphere . the restaurant itself is in a not-too-attractive strip mall , but here my friend and fellow yelper john m. and i had a very pleasant dining experience . friendly service , good food , good prices . definitely not a busy place when we were there , but it certainly deserves a larger clientele .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want italian and you live in glendale , this is your best bet . the only thing i 've had to eat here is the lobster ravioli and it 's just so good that i ca n't stray and try anything else . i wish i could eat here weekly but my waistline would n't agree . they make this awesome butter to go along with the bread , it 's so yum . you should check this place out , trust me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for some italian fixed and we were not disappointed . i ordered the fried calamari and they were cooked perfectly . crispy on the outside but soft inside . next i had the polo 's pasta . i love all the sauteed veggies in this dish , made me feel so hearty . my hubby ordered the lobster ravioli and they were delicious too ! we finished our meal with the mango mousse cake . they were oh awesome and mango-licious . i was reading some previous reviews and they mentioned about frozen seafood . come on you live in az ! what do you expect ? come try this place and we will definitely come back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible is the only word i can think of . the bread , dip and antipasta were delicious . the bread dip , and i am untrained culinary wise , was way too tasty , could have eaten it all night and left satisfied . the main courses were sooooo good . then the pizza . there is nothing like this pizza . we had the italian stallion pizza and it was heaven . took some home , heated it up the next day and it was still better than all other pizzas . i do n't know how the chef does it . the price was right , better than right . the service was super , i wish i could recall the young lady 's name , but she deserves big time credit also . we have been back and will go again despite a rather long drive for us . this is italian food like its supposed to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here for a romantic date night ... and loved it . the waitress others have written about may appear to be a bit curt with her conversation at first ... but after joking around for a minute she opened up and was very personable . regardless , she refilled our drinks quickly , provided great menu guidance , and i had no complaints . the food is pretty darn tasty . the bread with pimento dip was stellar ! the pear and walnut salad was great . we also had a seafood pasta special and one other dish . the clientele when we visited seemed a bit older , and the piano player added to the ambiance of a restaurant of 30 years ago when dining was a bit more of an experience . we will be back , for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! all three waitresses are very knowledgable , and friendly . was very hesitant about visiting this restaurant when i moved to the area because it was in a run down strip mall . however i put my big girl pants o an walked in . i am so glad i did . the food is amazing ( i usually go for the chicken saltimbuca ) , and hands down they offer the best tiramisu on planet earth . however , they do n't have tiramisu all the time , only when chef polo feels like making it . sometimes he even makes special tiramisu , for example he made pumpkin tiramisu last halloween ! my family , and i love this place and will go here for years to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and excellent customer service . wine selection is very diverse . great place to hang out and meet people or go out in a date with . one word to describe the bread sauce : unique . you simply will not find this complex taste anywhere else . finally , the chef is super personable ; i simply have yet to hold such a good conversation with a restaurant chef owner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this may become my new favorite spot . nice wine list , live music , great staff and the food is amazing ! the bar looks pretty good too . def coming back for more many times to come . the seating is great , the lighting is nice not too soft not too bright . my hostess was a hoot ! portions are great as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ik first learned about this restaurant through groupon and wrote a review . i 've since been back , each time with guests . last night we went again . i can say without hesitation that this restaurant is just excellent . the food is always good . my wife and i can not get away from ordering the vodka pasta and the blanco pizza which are a trip to heaven . we did however , once have the greek salad . it was wonderful . so fresh and good ! the piano music which is on wed. , thurs. , fri. , and sat . are crowning touches . the waitresses are marvelous . rachael is supreme . as i said , we 've been here several times . each time with friends and all have really enjoyed their meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok here is the real poop . the food is all frozen even the shellfish . ask your waitress . do n't guess and say it is fresh when it is not . they do try to give you some taste but not very successfully . the mozzarella cheese was gritty , the calamari was not too tough but they gave some weird sauce , probably dried tomatoes and some ranch salad dressing . the main courses are all over or around some pasta . you cannon get a non-pasta dish . we had the very sad looking and tasting wild mushroom lasagna roll i asked if there was anything not frozen and was recommended the sausage and pepper over pasta . i got that . the sausage was a nice supermarket variety , the peppers totally overcooked and the sauce tasted straight out of the can . the saturday night music was nice . i would only go back for the thursday night jazz fest . and order a drink . oh and with a 24 dollar wine i spent 104 dollars incl tip . that was a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch on saturday . restaurant inside was nice and clean , outside you need to overlook altogether . inside this place was a ghostown . being over 105 degrees out i was wearing shorts and flip flops . as soon as i walked in i noticed they were going for a more upscale look to the place and my attire was looked up and down by our waitress before being seated . sorry , by the looks of the outside had no clue on a saturday afternoon in a strip mall with no one else in the place i would have an issue with shorts . anyways pass that awkward moment , we were seated . i had chosen the sausage hot sandwich on the lunch menu , and my husband the blanco pizza . nothing was suggested by our waitress , so i was hoping that was a good choice . food came out pretty fast because there was no one else in the place . food was bland , bread was to chewy like it needed to be baked more . i wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the waitress was a bit short with all of us . after awhile she seemed to lighten up . the food was pretty good for the price . i had the classic margerita pizza and thought it good . it is a relaxed atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for a family dinner , and everyone really enjoyed the restaurant - i will definitely go back . the waitress was very friendly and attentive . the fresh bread came with a very unique and delicious homemade dip . we split the pear salad - it was amazing . i ordered the polo pasta - mmmmmm - and still have half for lunch tomorrow . the kids devoured their pizza - crust and all . everyone raved about their food . the only thing i found a little puzzling was - there is clearly a love for creating outstanding food - but the parmesan cheese was the kind in the shakers at the table . it was decent quality , but i think the food was deserving of fresh grated parm as a finishing touch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would normally give this type of restaurants 3-4-stars , but i was here on a wed night when they have live music , which made my dining experience worth 4.5-stars ! their food is pretty good and service is above average . it is an authentic italian restaurant with items you can expect and intimate atmosphere , a place to share a bottle of wine with someone and enjoy a good meal , but it is not a white table top type of place . i would recommend going here on a wed-sat night when they have live music ( outstanding entertainment ) , and i would recommend it as a date place on those nights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is in a crappy little strip mall in the sad part of glendale avenue . i stopped in one day around 3 years ago to discover it is a hidden gem . the food is always exceptional . fresh baked bread comes with every meal , along with a creamy roasted red pepper dip . i 've had both the pizza and entrees . never been disappointed . they have a full bar and a good wine list . i 've never been there on a weekend , but hear it gets very lively . it 's a family place so it just good , clean fun , with live piano and the audience joining in the singing when they know the words . the only time it was too packed to get in without a reservation was valentine 's day . love the wait staff ! great food and service , and reasonable prices add up to a good outing for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little restaurant , small but cute . food is always good from sandwiches to pizzas ! great place for drinks & food ! it 's a must try if ur in glendale or near by.. stop by and try it for yourself soon ! and the whole strip mall has been remodeled and looks great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a delicious meal ! i was a bit skeptical at first , but we were greeted by rachel who was very friendly . i asked if she had any suggestions and she recommended pollo 's pasta and blanco 's vodka cream sauce . we ordered one of each along with an order of the wings . an order of hot bread was delivered right away with a great red pepper dipping sauce . the wings were unlike any other . it was a bbq based sauce , but indescribably unique . our entrees were also excellent . i would prefer to write in greater detail , but am a bit rushed . go here , try it . a little more expensive than olive garden , but twice as good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the caesar chicken salad , i can not get enough of it ! ! great place , live music , good prices what else can you ask for ina restaurant ? love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , good music & awesome service ! ! the chicken spinach pizza with goat cheese is amazing , as is the fresh , made-from-scratch bread . the vodka sauce is the best i 've ever tasted . all of the sauces are made from scratch - i asked . the waitstaff are friendly & offer great wine pairing suggestions . authentic & delicious . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "open for business ! contrary to the headline , polo 's italian cuisine is very much open for business ! i was there on friday , july 25 , 2014 and the food and atmosphere were both top end ! the pianist was very good and friendly and was able to satisfy a wide range of musical requests . the recently remodeled exterior of the complex is very nice and there is plenty of free parking . i great little known gem !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the polo pasta was very good , the lasagna was lacking something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice restaurant with some contradictions that fails when it comes to the cuisine . first the restaurant is intimate and tastefully decorated if you ignore the vinyl tablecloths and doilies . that 's where the contradiction comes in ... cuisine that is supposed to be higher end but there are vinyl red & white checked tablecloths and vinyl doilies on the tables , paper napkins , and bread served in a plastic basket . that should have been a give away that the food would be very under par . the food seemed either packaged or very low quality , or both . the saving grace for this restaurant was the wine , bread , and live piano music . opt for some other italian restaurant , even a chain .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some of the negative comments here have me confused . the guy who said there was only 1 table must have been smoking crack ? ok ... . with that said , i have visited this place about 6 times and have always walked away happy ! the pizza is better than that place right down the street that was on diners drive in & dives . the home made bread is just a little too good , i always end up eating too much of it and filling up before my main dish . ignore the few negative comments and just try the place once and i promise you will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now called polo 's . it 's quite a nice surprise in the neighborhood . very unassuming . but inside they really pull off a good italian cafe . the really nice touch is mr maynes playing some excellent piano on a nice little grand piano . the food is quite a treat . it 's hard to imagine a trained chef in this location , but there you go . he has a unique twist at mixing flavors you would n't expect . the salciccia is a great showcase for italian sausage , and the lasagna is uniquely excellent . and do n't forget the cannolis . i come back regularly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dont let the location fool you . do you want excellent , authentic italian ? come here . the food is great . the prices are even better . i 'd recommend the linguini bolognese . it 's my favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just there for lunch on 7 18 14 ... not closed ! the food was delicious ! ! i ordered a sandwich for lunch and my friend ordered a pizza . both came with a side salad we cleaned our plates ! we were driving by looking for a spot to eat and this was a totally random choice . i am from the east coast and have a hard time finding good italian ... this was a very nice surprise ! i will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were excited to eat at this restaurant after reading the reviews . we ordered our food he got a caesar salad which had cashews ? ? ? no big deal . we got the bread which was pretty good and then a cockroach crawled put of the bread on our table . we cancelled our order and got out of there . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been here for dinner 3 times over the past 18 months . he comes to lunch here all the time . we would come more often but we live in new river . i would give this restaurant 5 stars but it is in such a worn out strip mall , unfortunately the mood is set before you come in . however , once in the door , it is a wonderful , intimate place to eat for a very reasonable price . the staff is efficient , knowlegeable and friendly . when we came on the weekend we were able to enjoy the pianist , robin maynes . so nice to have a personalized element to this little gem . the food really is exceptional and we highly recommend you try it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very sad to see this place has closed . my nephew and i had gone in the other day , not realizing it had changed owners . unfortunately , without chef polo , dolce vino is like any other , run of the mill italian take out . nothing distinctly unique about it . the quality of food was poor and prices were high . we ordered a pizza and caprese plate . both were tasteless . i wish the new owners the best of luck but i am on a mission to find where chef polo went !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after my second visit to this fabulous italian restaurant i am sold that they are a diamond in the rough . it 's not a plaza where you would expect to receive such great food , i would have expected less . but there is hope for the future of the plaza , i learned they are refurbishing the area and it has other great anchor food services.the food is a , service friendly , and ambiance completely unexpected with a piano and singers 4 nights a week . i would call for resv . as the popularity is bound to grow and it 's a quaint little place , with a full bar if you just want to go to see the entertainers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cool . decent food at a reasonable price . very friendly staff . nice atmosphere . chef was a little heavy on the salt , but a pleasant experience none the less . food did n't seem to be microwaved . there was a live piano and a candle lit table . it turned out to be pretty romantic . i was expecting children running around . it is definitely worth trying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . service was fabulous . server was friendly and very attentive . i had the chicken saltimbuca and it was pretty good . the chicken breast was a tad overcooked , but not terribly so . the penne pasta was a perfect al dente and the sauce was quite flavorful . the bread was nice and hot . the cannoli was also very good . i will definitely come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would give 4 1 2 stars if i could . everything was authentic to northern italy cuisine . pasta with seafood , pasta with vegetables , and an entree salad were ordered . each had good flavor and seemed fresh . if you check in using yelp , there was a free mini-cannoli offer . ordered a pizza to go . they did not have a standard margherita , so got the fresco . good flavor , but priced too high for the size . $ 8.99 for the bare-bones fresco pizza might be a good `` hook '' to get people into the restaurant . there was an entertaining piano man playing when we entered ( might have been co-owner ) . nice touch . if my place , i would extend the red paint , on the lower half of the wall , all the way up . thus would provide a warmer atmosphere and remove the stripmall feel . overall good and worth the money when the piano man is playing ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a restaurant with a hefty menu . takashi does n't just offer standard sushi , but also a variety of dinner combination and options at an affordable price . they also offer a honzen-ryori inspired option ( about 10 tapa-like dishes , if i remember correctly ) that warmly reminded me of my time in japan . the food was generally really good and i was stuffed at the end at a fraction of the price i would pay on the strip . 1-star deduction unfortunately for the oysters . we had a party of 4 - 3 of us ate the oysters - and 3 of us had some serious quality time with the porcelain throne about 3 hours later , while the one who abstained did n't . just saying ... so , aside from that snafu , the rest of the menu is pretty spot on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best value ever ! ! we came here for the first time saturday night and tried the 10 course meal for $ 29.95 . boy , that was a lot of food ! super white tuna carpaccio : very fresh and good soba salad : perfectly cooked soba noodle and it has tasty mayo dressing on . teriyaki chicken : good . tempura : i should have got karage ! ! 4pc nigiri : fish was fresh and good . i happened to get a shrimp nigiri which i did n't want , but i should have told the server - my bad . dragon roll : i picked this one from takashi 's signature rolls . miso soup : it was pretty thin and i could n't taste much of miso ... azuki ice cream : i picked this one over my usual green tea.. very tasty.. ( at this point , it was almost miracle i was able to finish ice cream ! ! ) service was good and chef takashi is fun to talk to ! we will definitely come back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meal was great . had birthday dinner with wifey . 'booth ' seats were to resemble wine barrels . chalk board at table listed that day 's special . parking could be a pain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this may be our new sushi spot ! ! ! ! very cute place with fresh fish ! everything tastes delicious and was priced right . service was great as well ! will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh , friendly , and great environment is the impressions i had after my first visit at sushi takashi japanese restaurant . i was sitting at the bar and found out both chefs are japanese with total of half century experience . i was well taken cared by the owner chef nakamura san . the set course is a must have . it consist of varieties of baked , steamed , raw , grilled , fried traditional japanese dishes . i highly recommend the oyster , uni , and seasonal fresh fish that chef recommends . the price is reasonable as they only opened for a month and half . i 'm sure pretty soon there will be a line waiting at the door . thumbs up with five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "admittedly , i 'm wary whenever the word `` bargain '' is used as a descriptor for food , but after trying this place out , sushi takashi gets a pass from me on that matter . the menu is nothing short of overwhelming , so i ended up in the pitfall that is the 10 course meal along with the others in my party . i was a fan of the signature rolls ( shared among the table , particularly the japanese lasagna . seeing doria on the yoshoku menu was a pleasant surprise ( miss u saizeriya ) , and it soon disappeared once it reached the table . the unassuming kakigoori with sweetened condensed milk was refreshing and made for a good ending to our dinner . along with the food , the servers here made our dining experience an enjoyable one , and i 'm certain i 'll come around again on an emptier stomach .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to hang out with your friends . the environment is pretty chill and relaxing and easy for conversation without noise drowning you out . their food is really good . my friends and i got the koji special and there is a lot of food for about 3 people . try this place out if you want something that more than just an average sushi place . it 's also great for happy hour and great to just hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to many sushi restaurants in my life ( just like everyone ) . rarely do i find one that is so delicious , fresh and welcoming ! sushi takashi is quaint and lovely . there is the traditional sushi bar and a few tables . in the rear of the restaurant are really cool , private booths ! i loved the ambiance . the waiters were always checking on us and filling up waters and delivering drinks nonstop . i never felt rushed ! so refreshing . i ordered the garlic edamame and it had amazing toasted garlic flavor . we also ordered a few specialty rolls custom designed by chef takashi ! they were flavorful , fresh and so ridiculously tasty ! we asked for heat and he brought it ! one of my friends had uni and it was the most generous portion i 've ever seen . fresh fresh fresh ! ! ca n't wait to return ! thank you darryl , yui and roxie for introducing me to takashi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's our first time here . i usually order the same nigiri every sushi place i go ... salmon , uni and scallop nigiri , i ordered the scallop carpaccio here instead and got a lot of scallops . and because i was not happy with the taste of the uni , chef takashi sent me an order of chu toro . it was delicious . it definitely made up for my disappointment with the uni . we also ordered grand canyon , steak roll , alaskan and dragon roll . not to mention ordered salmon burger that came with fries that was definitely cooked fresh and perfect . we were so full we skipped dessert . definitely will come back to see chef takashi and han our server .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing salmon plate & yellowtail plate both carpaccio style . kind of expensive but really high grade fish . service was so so but because of the food we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as always everything was phenomenal ! ! thank you takashi ! ! : ) this place is always clean.. always friendly and the sushi is always top notch ! ! ! will be back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue . i dined at takashi in february and let me tell you the food was absolutely delicious . i walked in the restaurant by myself in a tuesday while i was in las vegas for a convention . i knew i wanted to eat sushi but did n't want the hustle and bustle of driving on the strip . as soon as i walked in to takashi , i fell in love . i do n't remember what i ordered . but there are pictures to demonstrate how delicious and fresh the sushi is . the staff and owner nailed it with their customer service . i will definitely return when i 'm in las vegas in august .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything that we order was absolutely delicious , big size on sushi rolls , 10 stars , very nice ambiance , food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished up here and i have to say , not too shabby ! the eel is where it 's at here - super fresh and pricing is right on point . i 'd recommend this to anyone in the area , solid spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate last night . food was good . tonkatsu sushi was very good , interesting with cream cheese . steak bites good , everything was good and affordable , there were 7 of us and the bill was $ 118 even with a few drinks . i would come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hella good , combos are worth it , 3 rolls for 25 and bento box for 15 ... whatever you do , get the tempura luuollll roll . customer service was a1 , refilled my water and customized my bento box ... yee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u958b\u5e97\u3057\u3066\u9593\u3082\u306a\u3044\u3089\u3057\u3044\u3002 \u30de\u30b9\u30bf\u30fc\u3084\u5927\u5c06\u306e\u5bfe\u5fdc\u3082\u7d20\u6674\u3089\u3057\u3044\u3002 \u98df\u3079\u7269\u3082\u3072\u3068\u3064\u3072\u3068\u3064\u4e01\u5be7\u306b\u4f5c\u3089\u308c\u3066\u3044\u308b\u3002 \u304a\u9152\u3082\u3044\u308d\u3044\u308d\u306a\u7a2e\u985e\u304c\u3042\u308a\u3001\u3068\u306b\u304b\u304f\u3059\u3079\u3066\u304c\u30ea\u30fc\u30ba\u30ca\u30d6\u30eb\u3002 \u5ba2\u304c\u5c11\u306a\u304b\u3063\u305f\u306e\u304c\u6b8b\u5ff5\u3060\u3063\u305f\u3051\u3069\u3001\u3053\u306e\u8abf\u5b50\u3067\u3044\u3064\u3067\u3082\u5165\u308c\u308b\u5e97\u3067\u3044\u3066\u307b\u3057\u3044\u3068\u601d\u3046\u4e00\u5e97\u3002", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are many good japanese restaurants out there , but finding one that is good and affordable is what makes it stand out . and this one is definitely good for the price . the fish is fresh , and they have a wide variety of menu items . the 10 course meal is a great deal . will come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favsooo amazing ! love everything about this place ! ! staff super nice sushi chef amazing and sushi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "takashi used to be the sushi chef at our local sushi place in southern highlands . we are so excited that he has opened his own restaurant . the quality of his food is amazing ! he will sometimes send out specialty soups that he makes . my favorite is his salmon miso soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word : kaisen bowl . this place is not only better than ayce because of their famous courses , but quality come from great former sushi extreme chef takashi . koji & him make authentic japanese sushi at awfully reasonable price . if you are alone or go there with a friend , try to sit at sushi bar . takashi will give you special attention and maybe a special mini dish or two , that are not on the menu and i promise you is delicous ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tako sashimi was undeniably the most tender i 've ever had . the salmon sashimi melted in my mouth . the nigiri i ordered had beautiful cuts of fish with excellent texture . i prefer my sushi rice to have a bit more of a flavor , i thought the rice was a little bland but it may just be personal preference . i did n't try any `` special rolls '' because it was my first time going and i like to gauge a sushi restaurant on the quality of fish first without hiding flavors in mayo and deepfried tempura crusts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding . the service , the staff , the food , the owner , the ambiance , the attitude . brilliant ! i will be back time and time again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were unsure whew to go to eat some delicious sushi because there are so many options . we decided to sushi takashi and were not disappointed ! ! the food was excellent and the service was great ! ! order the yellowfin carpaccio ! it 's divine ! was also pleased with the `` forget your name roll '' ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistent good food and friendly service . outstanding sushi by chef takashi . fresh and authentic japanese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow - what a great deal ! came here with my cousin from san diego and we both had the 10 course meal . do n't even question it when you go here - just do it ! definitely worth it . we did n't leave super full like how we thought we were going to be . surprisingly it was that `` satisfied '' feeling . definitely coming back ! just do n't like how our clothes smell after hehe . ps - if you have the `` indicard '' app on your smart phone they offer 20 % off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yelp it today and sushi takashi ture out to be one of the best sushi restaurant i have eaten the ingreatent is so fresh it 's so food the fish will melt in your mouth . : ) the price is really good and the owner and head chief is a really cool guy and easy going person . will come back for sure next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh , mediocre sushi at an okay price . got the large nigiri set which included a few complimentary pieces . also got uni nigiri and the yuzu sorbet , which were okay . very bland overall , which was disappointing considering the overwhelmingly positive reviews . i do n't think the focus here is on nigiri , so that could explain my experience . service was very good though , and i appreciated that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my girlfriend brought me here . it 's such a cute place . very inviting . the food was yummy . i enjoyed every bite of the `` forgot the name ? `` roll and an appetizer called tempura stuffed jalape\u00f1o ( i think that 's the name ) . service was friendly and attentive . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi takashi is great ! no strip prices and the fish is amazing . you will leave here full and satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi in vegas and for a decent price ? ? ? off the strip and about a $ 10 ride from the aria . you will save that by far eating off the strip with 4 . plus the food was surprisingly good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came back second time during short spring break of four days stay . happy hour oysters and umi special are a must to have , fresh and delicious . the dinner special was wonderful too . we definitely will visit again next time we visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to sushi eating and have only had the last year to really find my flavors with in japanese cuisine . easy to say , i 'm obsessed with japanese cuisine and i frequent sushi two to four times a month . my friend and i came to sushi takashi , looking for a new place to try , glad we did . my favorite seats are always at the sushi bar and i think that 's what made this place so awesome ! not only was the quality of fish delicious but the service was amazing ! the sushi chef gave us serval goodies before and after our meal . quality of fish plus amazing service is for sure a place that makes my favorite list and i will be back to visit again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was trying to find a good sushi place for my sister to go to . she just moved out here and she loves sushi . she had a very bad experience at one by her house . so i asked yelp , this was one of the places listed . they have diffrent choices on sushi then normal bars . i have to say , she liked it and she will be back . i enjoyed it also , very fresh and nice staff . good music also . my next trip back to vegas this will be one of my stops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man . chef takashi used to work at xtreme sushi in southern highlands and then he left , with unknown whereabouts . i was so depressed . lo and behold , he opened up his own sushi spot and i just now found it ... this place is amazing ! ! fresh fish , high quality , awesome space and very trendy ! i will now be a regular here and am so glad to find this place . kabuto may be in a league of its own , but for quality versus price , this place is hands down a top competitor . the octopus lightly battered was fantastic , the sashimi plate was fresh and delicious , the `` linda roll , '' ( which is a former roll chef takashi created for me at a former place ) was exactly how i remembered , perfect . you will definitely want to check this place out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highlight of my trip to vegas . some of the best sushi ( and food , in general ) i 've ever had , after living in new york and san francisco . chef takashi is funny , humble , and clearly loves what he does - offering delicious , honest food to his customers . was a wonderful and memorable dining experience , would fly to vegas again just to eat at takashi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from la and am an avid sushi eater . this is the best sushi spot i have ever been to in vegas and top 3 sushi spots i have been to in the past 15 years of eating sushi . service was apsolutley amazing and the server jeff was awesome and told us about some really cool local spots . this is a must go to place for good sushi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the twelve course meal was a great deal , and the seafood tasted fresh and delicious . one of my favorite rolls was the steak roll , which was incredibly flavorful . i would love to come back again to try more of their signature rolls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing , this place a must visit spot that serves `` the best '' sushi by takashi . worth every penny ... reasonable price . amazing fresh sushi sashimi in vegas for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious . fresh . coming from an l.a. sushi snob , i was skeptical . blew me and my wife away . the nigiri plate was amazing . so much food . the blue diamond roll may be one of the best rolls ever . salmon soup is perfectly flavored . ambience is outstanding . the booths are fair sized but the actual booth makes it feel larger . great service . attentive without being intrusive . takashi-san is a nice man and goes out of his way to say hello . best sushi in vegas . no doubt about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there week or so ago and this place is way better than the other way overpriced sushi restaurant down the street , plus this chef at takashi is great at accommodating special request .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the blue diamond roll , the sushi rice was too soft and over vinegared . it was also cut unevenly . the hamachi sashimi was good . the cold soba noodle was overcooked and bland . average at best , the quality was the same as ayce sushi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best restaurant we 've ever been to . we loved every aspect of our experience . they seemed understaffed , but the hosts waiters bussers were extremely nice , friendly , accommodating , and helpful . we ordered the ten course meal described by other reviewers . there was not a single item that was n't out of this world . extremely fresh fish prepared expertly , flavorful and delicious side dishes . highly , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just met some people from henderson nevada eating here at sushi takashi , they love it too ! salmon bowl is a favorite here . also the 10 course sushi dinner is a great value at $ 29.95 may 2016 update : king club roll was amazing ! happy hour specials allow some grazing : natto hand roll $ 1 was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good sushi -- they have a special in the 5-6 pm hour , which is nice . i had uni sashimi , a special nigiri combo , and an eel roll . all were tasty , fresh , and high quality . i 'd definitely return again . prices are reasonable for the level of quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is probably the best japanese restaurant we 've been to and we 'll be going back again for sure . the atmosphere , food and service were great and it 's one of the rare times where we left a japanese restaurant feeling so full and satisfied . we went during happy hour so the uni sashimi and platter of 10 oysters were at a discounted price . everything was fresh and delicious . takashi is a great chef and businessman so he knows what it takes to keep the customers coming back . it was a great meal to celebrate our wedding anniversary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i always have problem locating unionville branch of the markham library with my pre-gps era . tucked inside old unionville , trying to blend with surrounding country styled small town architecture , the library itself does look like one of the bigger bungalows in the area from outside . the library itself is only 1 level , so compare to the newly renovated library , it is a lot smaller . love the open area with high ceiling where the administrative area located . the seatings here are more formal with tables and chairs and lack of those really comfy laptop friendly armchair seating compare to the newer libraries in the area . however , superfast reliable free wifi access ! ! great for posting yelp photos and doing reviews ... less students hanging around in group studying , there are not too many private group study rooms but it might be a blessing if you want some peace and quiet !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is something dreadfully appealing about this one , because it tucked away and a nice stroll from historic unionville . the space in the library is airy with all the media and the help desk equidistant and smack in the middle with the bookshelves off to the sides . they have lots of checkout kiosks , so wait-wise it was n't that bad to check out the things i wanted to borrow . i noticed that human traffic-wise this place has a lot more people visiting than the other branches i have been to ; however noise level wise - it never really raises about a murmer . on my library meter this one hits a solid 7 out of 10 - my 10 being the north york central library .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "parking is horrible . people do n't know how to park their cars next to others ... . gross . i rather walk to attend this library . or park elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is becoming my home away from home . of all the markham libraries , they always have the books i 'm looking for in stock . wireless internet here is very unstable and most of the time i ca n't connect . but other than that , the staff here are really pleasant and helpful , the atmosphere is great , with walking trails nearby if you need to take a break from studying , and main st. unionville to grab some food or do a little shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 stars for decor ... it needs some renovating , updating , paint , new signage ... carpet.. kids playing corner could be better organized and opened up more . 5 stars for location and people who work there are really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice little library , i remember coming here as a kid back in elementary school with my classmates . it is now 2015 and they have updated computers with free wifi for your laptop device . they have an entire shelf of dvd 's to borrow , and the latest releases are on the 'boomerang ' stand closest to the entrance . you can hold your books online , and have them transferred to another location for pick up ( takes a few days for the transfer to complete ) . markham public library website : https : markham.bibliocommons.com i think the selection of books at toronto public library is still better than here at markham public library , though its understandable since markham is smaller . would like to see them combine the selection in the future . i just realized markham residents can also borrow from richmond hill public library , aurora public library and possibly others in the greater toronto area . this location has been kept pretty well all these years . actually even nicer now than i last remembered it . friendly staff . has a nice fountain behind it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday night for dinner , and it was super busy ! we had to wait a while , but we did n't mind , we were expecting a line up . we decided to sit in the bar to have drinks until they called us . the hostess said the wait time was about 30-45 minutes to us , the couple before us and the group behind us , however we probably only waited about 15 minutes . for our appetizer , we got the hail caesar fries , which were amazing ! for my main dish , i ordered pandora 's box ( wings ) and i loved it . during this visit , i feel like we got way more wings than we usually get ( not complaining though ) ! if you love sweet thai chilli sauce , then you will def . love this flavour . service was n't bad , our waitress was kind , but i felt like she could 've checked up on us a bit more but not bad . i will be back : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still one of my go to place for wings , i love the size of their wings , the perfect amount of sauce that coat the wings , and the dill dipping sauce ! came here on a saturday night before it go busy , the booths have their own tv 's , the atmosphere is perfecting for watching a game , it 's especially exciting if it 's a big important game like the playoffs ! my favourite flavour is creole mustard , perfect amount of sauce on the wings , breaded wings . the service at this location is good , wings came out fast and water got filled once they were emptied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! wings makes me happy ... . anyhow i love this place because they are the only wing 's place that i have ocme across that serves delicious grilled chicken wings . they have two choices rilled - with our own house bbq naked king - grilled with our own olive oil and lemon . glorious ! ! ! i keep coming back for more . i enjoy the atmosphere and how they have tables with your own television . it 's nice to have a fave wing place with delicious food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allstar wings is your typical wings restaurant . their flavours for their wings are extensive , albeit a bit too extensive for my liking . they have so many flavours without any descriptions so i decided to just choose a random one . the quality of their wings is alright . it 's definitely much better than st.louis , which i personally find to be extremely dry . i got 1lb of wings of the killer bee flavour and it had a very nice kick to it . the spicy-ness was n't too overpowering and the wings were n't dry like i was expecting . each order of wings comes with 3 celery sticks and a choice of 1 dipping sauce . i would much rather have fries over celery sticks , but i guess it 's healthier . our waitress was very nice and kept checking up on us to see if we needed anything . overall this is a decent place to hang out with friends and watch a sports event .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good but nothing special , but the service on the other hand was horrendous . my family decided to go at around 2 pm on a sunday , it was pretty much empty . upon walking in , we were n't even acknowledged as it looked like the 4 staff at the front were in a heated conversation . after standing there for about a minute they finally noticed us . very unprofessional and horrible first impression . server did n't check on us once the whole time and had to be flagged down to get the bill . she was socializing with the other waitresses in the corner the whole time . after we paid , did n't even say thank you or have a great day , nothing . definitely would not come back or recommend after that experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to all stars with a bunch of friend , we ended up order 100 wings between the four of us . i think we got pizza , texas honey , pandora box and i forget the last favourite . give it was 80 buck with tax it was pretty sweet deal , i think waitiress was surprised we finished all those wings but it was four hungry dude , and two of us ( one being me ) were big guy so we could eat . definity coming back woith the guys for wings only thing i did n't like is that favours didnt have a description so we went on what we though was good , and just asked but it was alright", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe not just this place specifically but all stars in general . all stars is my favourite wing place . their wings are bigger and has more sauce . not just that their list of sauces is extensive but the amount they pour and toss into each pound is plenty . my two favorite flavours for now would be neros epilogue and wings gone wild ( er ) now let 's talk this location specifically . as usual , all stars staff all know what they 're talking about ! ! i can just point at random names and ask them what 's inside and they know off the top of their heads . amazes me each time haha , and i do n't just ask about one or two.. service here is good even on wing nights ( mondays , buy one pound get one and half pounds ) . there usually is a smile with your meal and staff are patient . they do n't try to hurry you even if you ask too many questions . definitely my go to wing place around this area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are no descriptions next to the wing titles so its really annoying having to ask the server what are the toppings . service here is good even on wing nights ( mondays , buy one pound get one and half pounds which is awesome especially if theres a raptors game . service is good , fast and servers are polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this establishment is shady ! they asked for a photocopy of my credit card after they ran my credit card through their payment system that is directly connected to their bank ! ! i refused and had them give me a refund and paid in cash ! ! i will never go there again - something does not feel right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience of allstars ( scarborough ) is extremely positive due to the overwhelming service by our server kathleen , she never left us un-attended and was very friendly and kind ! besides her being beautiful she was an outstanding server and made our visit memorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a good restaurant , highly recommend . i was unsure about it at first as i have n't heard a lot about it before but , have always seen it . the staff was really nice with prompt service . my burger was delicious . though not all of my parties food looked appetizing it was scrumptious . definitely learned to to judge based on looks . will be returning to in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst place i 've ever been . the atmosphere was good but the food and the service was nothing but boring ! ordered two appetizers and wings , the waitress brought all at the same time including the drinks . by the time we finished eating the appetizer , the wings were cold . did not get the flavor that we wanted , did not get everything that we ordered but she had them on the bill , good thing we checked the bill and caught it . i wish i can give a 0 star for this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "greek fries ! ! hot buddha and wings gone wild ! ! so good . but they need new seats or at least to fix them . sorry no pics cause we were too hungry lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of flavours with more seating area than some of the other top wing contenders . good deal on mondays for pound and a half wings . however there must probably will be a wait , particularly in large groups . great place to also catch popular games with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here multiple times with my friends boyfriend and everytime i had amazing service . i visited the other allstar locations and this one is my favourite . the quality of the food was always amazing ( i usually order beer battered greek fries , ceaser does texas wings or pizza pizza wings . ) all the servers are so kind and sweet . this is definetly my go to place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked out allstar wings & ribs on may 14th as it was the only thing around that was n't a generic jack astors or boston pizza . i have been to their york region location years ago and i only had good memories so i had high hopes . the food was a little above average . the wing flavour choices were overwhelming , but that 's what you 'd expect at a wing joint . the only issue i did have was the lack of attention the waitresses waiters paid to customers . it was n't quite busy at this point and it just seemed like a lot of the staff was huddling together having their own conversations . i had to get up and find a waiter so that i could ask for a refill of my drink . would i go back ? for the food , yes . i do prefer wild wing 's garpar fries over allstar 's variation though . 4 5 for the food 2.5 5 for the staff 4 5 for the ambience", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is awesome . the vibe is pretty chill and for the girls are pretty cute . everyone was really nice . the wings were pretty big , bigger than i expected.. only thing i wish i knew what the heck was in each flavour of sauce without having to ask my server everything . it is just soo much selection , i don ; t know how they remember it all . overall , i went with my buddies grabbed a few beers after work , wathced an asweome game , had some fat wings and was satisfied . wish i remembered my servers name . she was pretty cute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat . the restaurant was clean and spacious . the workers were amazing . the food was amazing . the best wings i had in years . i highly recommend this canadian joint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lastnight i had a great time at allstar wings . i felt very comfortable in the beautiful surrounding . my night was made better when ms. kathleen , who was a very friendly , beautiful and kind young woman serve me . her service was excellent . she did a great job . i would like to thank her for making my experience with allstar wings a memorable and exciting one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of this place ! it 's a great spot to hit for game night , whether it be with a date or a group . i 've been here about 5 times now and every experience has been good . my usual order is a pound of wings with their greek fries . they have a ton of flavours and i try different ones everytime . the best thing about this place is the booths they have . they all have their own tvs so it feels really comfortable and you can choose any channel to watch . overall this place gets a 4 5 in my books . good service , good food , and their booths make a great night for watching the game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is a bit loud for my likes but at least it 's a lot cleaner then it was as a kelseys . the wings are good and the selection is amazing . the beer selection sits somewhere between mediocre and horrible . i 'm really not the right guy to be reviewing this bar because it seems best suited to someone who is just there to watch sports . after that all being said however i would still gladly come here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "allstar wings & ribs just opens up in scarborough . accessible by ltr so is quite convenient if you are using public transit . since it is new , the inside is nice and clean . even all tvs are working ! service though extremely slow and they do n't really carries a lot flavours or they out of it ? after 3 tries before the server confirmed that they have the one i want ... . fail 5 alarm inferno was as hot as i remembered in a good way . allstar wings standard . the wings were meaty and juicy.. awesome everything took forever and the place was like empty ? hopefully it will improve over time ? and for the `` sporty '' waitress outfit , i will leave it for the guys to comment on ... . why no waiter in sporty outfit though ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good wings with a huge selection of sauces . the wings are fairly small but cooked perfectly . sat at the bar since it was pretty crowded for a monday night . bartender was very friendly and helpful with the sauce selection . lively atmosphere of mostly younger crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good but service was really bad . first the server forgot to key in our meal then she tells us it will be comped then the manager tell us that we will just get a discount . the server barely checked in on us and it was hard to get a hold of someone when we needed to get some water . i know they 've only been open for 2 weeks but they have a long way to go !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stumbled upon rex 's after a day full of tiff activities and it was the perfect place to end our night . it was an excellent escape from all of the crowds and craziness associated with tiff . it is small and feels secluded inside , which adds to the charm . they did n't have my choice of wine -- i wanted pinot noir -- but to be fair , i was definitely stange for ordering wine there in the first place . they also serve food here , which i appreciated even though i did n't actually order anything . as a fan of hole-in-the-wall and underrated establishments , i am also a fan of rex 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here twice , both times it was a weekday evening . both times the ambience was rally nice , the lighting was perfect and the music was a perfect volume . so , i 'll be honest , this is an amazing first-third date spot . ( hopefully i do n't get in trouble with my dates for saying hehehe ) . i 'll explain why : it has a decent selection of drinks , the laffe brun is very nice , it is n't too bright , it 's almost the perfect temperature , i think 2\u00b0 warmer and it would be perfect . it is essentially a great place to enjoy a drink and conversation . poor bartender though cause it 's not always filled with people . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for a recent adobe promoted event . rex 's have several beers on tap . i personally tried the hoegarden ... served in the correctly branded glass . service was good , the server came around pretty regularly to ask us if we needed anything . the patio is a decent size as well , with lots of place to move around . the traffic outside the patio is very light ... which is definitely a good thing for me , the last thing i need is someone walking by puffing their cigarette while i 'm trying to enjoy my plate of ribs . i would definitely go here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been there 3-4 times . on all occasions the staff was friendly . service was a bit lethargic though and we werent greeted and seated immediately . food menu isnt all that great ( mind you my visits were a couple of years ago so maybe they 've changed since then ? ) but drink menu is decent . would only visit if im back in the area and feel like having a quick pint . they also have a patio so decent for warm weather i guess .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best bar in the area , if you are looking for somewhere to have cocktails and or dinner . they have a nice selection of menu items , with a little something for everyone - i can only rate this restaurant on the drinks , since that is the only reason we came here . we really liked the convenient corner location and atmosphere . service from our bartender was excellent and so were our cocktails . if we are ever back in this area of toronto , this will be our `` go-to '' spot for cocktails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited lazy janes for the first time this weekend for breakfast . i heard lots of good things about the food and that did n't disappoint . if you 've never been to lazy janes it looks and feels like a house that has turned into a small quaint restaurant . you order at the front , grab a buzzer and find a spot to sit . then when your food is done , you go up to the window to grab it . you also clean up after yourself and out your dishes in a tub . i had the eggs , bacon and breakfast potatoes . i substituted the toast for a blueberry pancake . everything was very good . my brother had a corn beef egg combo . he thought it was filling and delicious as well . i 'll definitely go back if i 'm looking for a hearty american style breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in madison this weekend and i am glad i was able to make it back to lj 's ! i had the s.c.c . this time and it was wonderful ! the s.c.c . is scrambled eggs , cream cheese ( yuuuum ) and chives mixed together served with hash browns and your choice of toast . lj 's also has gluten free bread ! ! my brekkie was delish and i just love this little eatery . my party of four also shared a mud pie scone while we waited for our food . it was divine ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cash only ! atm in-house . the east side 's quintessential breakfast spot . yummy food , neat seating , and they 've got the food to back up their sass and humor . getting anything egg-related will leave you feeling happy , and then you can trundle on down to batch bakehouse to round out your breakfast feast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have eaten here many many times over the past 6-7 years . their scones are delish , for sure . but everything else is underwhelming including their coffee ( and their cream pitchers are always lukewarm ) . i always like to try tofu scramble at breakfast places and lazy jane 's version is just weird : it 's cubed tofu with vegetables , like a stir-fry , not like tofu scramble . a good version is light and fluffy like scrambled eggs . i go there when it 's the only option .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the scones and baked goods are great . the breakfasts are very good . the staff is friendly.be prepared for a wait . the restaurant is not as clean as i would like , and i have often found that the silverware needs an extra rinse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their blueberry scone was the tastiest thing i 've ever had ! i am not usually a fan of sweets , but this hit the spot ! cute , cozy little place . hot fresh coffee . i tried one of their specials , which was a balsamic portobello melt . it was really hard to eat because it was drenched in balsamic , but between the scone and the coffee i was satisfied . great prices and atmosphere . would love to come back for another flavored scone ! ^_^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today i woke up at 8am so i could get in to lazy jane 's . i should have slept in . i tried their special of biscuits and gravy with two eggs . the gravy tasted very greasy and had no depth . it was just sausage gravy . i pepped it myself but otherwise it was bland . the biscuits were so dense . i could have used another side of gravy to soak them up . i live by the motto , no biscuit left behind . today , i had to leave one behind . i left breakfast with an overall feeling of mediocrity . i am so sad by this . i tried my husband 's breakfast potatoes . also a disappointment . they alternated between cold and burnt . i probably will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "needed to try a new place for breakfast on a day off of work , and was very happy with my choice . ordered at the counter and waited an appropriate amount of time for them to call my name . picked up some silverware and a napkin and headed to my table . i was a little disappointed there was n't any jelly for my toast , but i noticed later , after i 'd finished my toast , there was a jar at another table and they just had n't returned it to the community condiment table . ordered the spicy pork omelette , which was hot and delicious and came with a perfect sized portion of potatoes and two slices of buttered toast . now i 'm just hanging out at my table waiting for someone to leave because i do n't know if i 'm supposed to bus my own table ! wait ... someone 's leaving ... yes . bus your own table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wait is worth it for the scones alone . sweet or savory any flavor . their lemon scones are a taste of summer that never fades away ... a ray of sunshine in every bite . your going to want to pick up extra for later . cash only !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "obsessed with this place ! cute brunch place with a lot of gluten free pasteries that actually taste good ! this place is cash only", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have just found my new favorite breakfast spot in madison . wow . the reviews are right , the scones here are the best i 've ever had . but if you prefer more savory breakfast items , the scrambles are incredible too . i had the salmon scramble , which tasted light and fresh - it was heavenly . the chorizo scramble has a hardier taste , but is equally delicious . the wheatberry toast and their jams are worth trying too ! ! something also needs to be said about the homey environment here - it is so inviting , and despite serving such great food , it is n't at all pretentious . i came here with about 10 friends , and while i know this place can be a little crowded during normal brunch hours , we found seating right away . nothing beats good breakfast in a friendly environment with people you love - i will most definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am updating my previous review . since the first time , i have tried the scones , which are pretty amazing ... most places just have basic , dry scones but these were moist ( i hate that word ) and they have at least 6 different options ! they are so good ! i went there on tuesday with some girlfriends and got the seitan hash for $ 6.50 ... holy fricken moley ! amazing ! this is a superb vegetarian dish that tastes just like meat ! it comes with the seitan seasoned to perfection , breakfast potatoes , 2 eggs , and your choice of toast ( go for the sourdough rye ) . this breakfast was so good , i made the bf bike there with me wednesday morning ... yup , the very next day ! i could eat this meal every single morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked the location and setting inside the restaurant . it has a homey , comfy feeling . they support local artists by selling crafts inside the store . their lemon cream scone was amazing ! definitely one of the best scones i have ever had . the consistency and taste was delicious . as for the actual breakfast , i had eggs , potatoes and bacon , which were good , normal . really though , it gets a good review for the scone ! i went on a late sunday morning and it was crowded but we only waited about ten minutes to get to the front of the line to order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got back from having a delish breakfast . my artichoke heart , whole garlic , spinach , sun-dried tomato pesto , asiago cheese scramble was marvelous . they have a number of fair trade coffee flavors , baked-daily scones and buns , and all the charm you could ask for . it 's been a while since i 've eaten lunch there , but the open-faced melts are excellent , as well is the grilled cheese with avocado . you with the little ones , there are tons of toys and books upstairs near the couches ; just be sure to pick up when you leave ! it feels like your living room , but it belongs to everyone . also , it 's a bus-your-own place , so when you 're done eating , find the closest tub and help out the staff by putting your dishes in it . be prepared to drop $ 20 for two with coffees and a tip . if you like cozy , livingroom-like dining experiences with a little kitsch , this place is for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely little two story cafe in a fantastic neighborhood ! the crew is jovial and the food ; especially the scones , are out of this world . one of a kind chef creations are featured daily for those who tire of the standard fare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great ... atmosphere is noisy but fun ... . if there is a line ( those in the know go in the side door and grab a table while others wait to order their food - otherwise you will never get one ! ) some items on the menu due tend to run out ... . especially if they are fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately i have nothing new to say other than the fact that i love this little cafe . they now accept credit cards so that is a huge plus ! however , it never deterred me before . their scones are the best i 've ever had ; it 's an absolute must for first timers . otherwise , they often have great specials so keep an eye out for those too . their breakfast options are top notch as well as their lunch -- my personal favorites are the waffles with berries and the turkey sandwich . i have never gotten anything i did n't like . way to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work a few blocks from lazy jane 's . i recently went for the first time and have since gone back twice , but only for lunch . the first two visits i got their cheeseburger which is very tasty . it 's cooked however you want and served with lettuce , tomato , onion ( grilled or raw ) on ciabatta . it 's served with kettle chips and a side salad for only $ 7.50 . i highly recommend it . the most recent visit , i actually ordered take out and got their rueben , which i must say ranks pretty highly in my book as a quality rueben sandwich . it 's a nice little restaurant , with good food , a casual atmosphere , and reasonable prices . i 'll be visiting many more times in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super super cute place ! it 's a home that 's been converted to a restaurant . food is absolutely delicious and homemade . i felt at home coming in here . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the decor and cuteness of this cafe . i originally wanted to go to lazy jane 's for breakfast but didnt make it in time but ended up getting lunch . i ordered the soup and sandwich combo of half a ruban and french onion soup . the sandwich was good but had a bit too much sauerkraut , however the soup was flavorless and needed a bunch more seasonings . i hope next time i go i can make it for breakfast or order something better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really love lazy jane 's because it is consistently great . whether i am having brunch with friends on a saturday morning or stopping in to grab a scone on my way to work i have never not been satisfied . beyond the food , it is such a sweet spot that feels like you 're in someone 's home . you ca n't go wrong with this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love , and always will love , lazy jane 's . their lemon scones have brought me back to madison every year since moving to new orleans and now seattle . delicious coffee and amazing other entries ! they are always slammed , but it is 100 % worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . really busy . its hard to negotiate between tables , chairs , screaming children , etc . with a full cup of coffee . i got the granola with fruit yogurt and my bf got the seitan hash . both really delicious and my coffee was bottomless and we felt all in all very cozy , until we had to stand up that is : ) go early or go really late , maybe that is the secret ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ohmystars . i love the scones . i havent the faintest if anything else is good , but the scones are delicious . there is a serious saturday morning rush , so be prepared to wait in line . the coffee could 've been a bit stronger , but that 's just personal preference . cant wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lazy jane is my favorite cafe in madison along with sophia 's . i love how they call my name when my food is ready -- it reminds me of having breakfast at my parents ' on sunday morning ! i like to munch on their muffin tops and or scones while waiting for my fritata with sour cream -- which has a huge portion . my friends and i end up having wonderful time every time we visit and dine here . oh and their freshly baked chocolate croissant is so perfectly crips and flaky and everything nice ! i truly miss here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the scones ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure i understand where all the good ratings are coming from . the `` scones '' are not scones in the traditional sense , but rather glorified biscuits that are really nothing special . and as for the breakfast ... we could have made way better at home . both the strata and traditional plates were extremely boring and bland . definitely not worth the wait or the money . if you want something amazing ? ... go to daisy or just make it yourself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best scones i 've every had , especially the cherry ones . this is a very charming family-friendly place for breakfast so bring the kiddos . it 's like eating at grandma 's house , it 's that cozy and sweet , with some retro touches and you can eat in the attic too . the food was delish -- pumpkin pancakes and an artichoke scramble . did i mention the scones ? i would give it 5 stars , but the limit on coffee refills is a problem and a downer -- just have free coffee refills available upstairs please !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local spot . seating can be a bit of a problem and the line for ordering gets pretty congested on the weekends - just fyi . tasty foodstuffs . best hot cocoa in madison .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh my goodness , the scones ! they are just perfectly crumbly and perfectly buttery . when my friends say they do n't like scones , i immediately take them here . because of the chaos on weekend mornings , i always make sure to go here for a weekday brunch . the ingredients are fresh , and the staff are so friendly ! just fyi , they do n't accept debit or credit cards . only cash !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute , homey , tasty food , toys for kids , gluten-free bread , home-brewed kombucha . managed to feed a collection of adults , including two gluten-free people and one lactose-intolerant and soy allergic person , plus entertain multiple young children . nice work ! now just make some tasty gluten-free scones and i 'll love you forever and give you all the stars i can .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the different way it is set and what makes it unique , but somehow fighting for table , and the yelling of our name for kitchen uhh , also limited choices and cash only", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i made it my mission to try all the brunch spots . every weekend it was another cafe . algorithm was running smoothly . but then i tried lazy jane 's . after that the process just became an every other weekend routine , with the other weekend returning to jane 's . at this point it 's almost always jane 's . the process is ended and i 'm not even mad . the specials and the scones are always great ( hit that raspberry scone with the lemon cream dough , hit that shit ) . protip : if you 're not in the mood for the potatoes or toast , you can exchange the side . just ask ! everybody 's super nice . cash only ! favorite place in madison over every category .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good : the atmosphere is great . chalkboard menus , baked goods on display , christmas decorations already up ( nov 2 ) . the bad : the gingerbread latte was a little bitter . the potatoes were a little dry . the ugly : my buddy will that i went with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do come back here pretty regularly for their seitan hash . the atmosphere is charming and a nice place to bring out of town guests . i do n't know that i 'd call it my favorite breakfast place in town , but it 's definitely a regular stop for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cozy , quirky and very madison , lazy jane 's is a willy st. staple . if you were n't convinced by the thrifty , hodgepodge decor or the big scrabble letters outside , try one of their ridiculously delicious scones . the gluten-free lemon cream scone is the only gf baked good i 've ever had that does n't taste like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i oedered the seitan hash because the previous reviews raved about it , but i have to admit i was disappointed . the scones were good , but i am used to them not being so sweet . oh well . the staff is great , the ambience is perfect to wake up slowly and even though i did not like my food so much i can tell they care about the food they are making and that they do so with love . i would still recommend this place to anyone who wants something a little different . i 'm a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful establishment . i imagine seats are hard to come by on weekends , but during the week this place is very comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best . scones . ever . i love the strawberry-peach ( so does everyone else ; they sell out pretty early ) . great breakfasts and lunches , too . my one beef : the orange juice is from concentrate ! ruins a perfectly good breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "other posts have mentioned this , and they are n't lying : the scones are worth the trip alone . i ordered the lemon cream scone , as well as the chorizo scramble . on reflection , i wish i had purchased a flight of scones . they all looked decadent ! great ambience -- shabby chic furniture and eclectic art on the walls . mismatched plates and mugs . i went with a group of 6 , and we all gave it 2 thumbs up ! but seriously : buy a scone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i visited o'chalet on a friday night , our last night in montreal . most of the city was still digging out from the record-breaking snow storm the day before so we were the only guests in the restaurant for most of the night . neither my husband nor i speak very much french , however our waiter patiently translated their menu for us ( which was entirely in french ) . we had very tasty seared scallops for an appetizer while we waited for our meals . my husband had fish with asparagus and the tastiest beet quinoa i 've every tried for an entree . i had a beautiful flank steak with gorgonzola polenta and broccolini ( our waiter suggested the perfect glass of red wine to go with my meal , as well ) . for dessert , my husband had a very light and tasty creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e an di had their warm brownie with raspberry sorbet and chocolate sauce . it was the perfect meal for a cold quiet night in montreal and we will definitely go back here next time we return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "repas du soir tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able . carte courte mais vari\u00e9e , cuisine go\u00fbteuse , authentique , de qualit\u00e9 , g\u00e9n\u00e9reuse . service courtois et efficace , pro . belle ambiance relax , th\u00e8me rustique chic . vins major\u00e9s tr\u00e8s raisonnablement ( 2x ) . \u00e0 mettre sur la liste des endroits \u00e0 investir en groupe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yumm ! ! excellent food and service ! delicious , fresh ingredients , what more can one ask for ? ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un d\u00e9cor rustique , des petits plats comme \u00e0 la maison ( c'est bon , c'est confortable , mais ce n'est pas marquant ... peut-\u00eatre \u00e0 l'exception des c\u00f4tes lev\u00e9es qui fondent dans la bouche ) et un service souriant . l'ambiance est chaleureuse , on s'y sent bien . les prix sont tr\u00e8s abordables autant le midi que le soir . en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral , c'est bien . pour ceux que \u00e7a int\u00e9resse , une critique un peu moins objective se retrouve sur mon blog ( la boufferie ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "une belle trouvaille ! when i 'm in town , i never miss the opportunity to have their salmon tartare . amazing ! the owner is also a very cool guy who loves his rum . the largest and most exciting selection of rum . food is exquisite and very affordable . perfect for a delicious lunch in the village ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how exactly does one review a u-haul moving & storage facility ? like dis . after a weekend trek across three states , i had selected this spot to return my u-haul and dolly . the location was super easy to find through the app and thank god yelp links the directions to your maps . i mean , i just moved here ! the driveway is easy to get to and the return area is even easier to find . i made sure to fill up the gas tank above where i received it ( you 're welcome u-haul ) and wiped out the melted peanut butter pie that had melted on the floor . traveling note to self : a cold dessert does not travel well from flagstaff , az to las vegas , nv . the return was easy and the owner was super friendly . maybe next time this will be my pickup spot if i need to rent a truck to move things about town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff here are great ! we just returned a truck today , and the guy at the counter said there would be a $ 100 fee for any bodies in the trailer . i said , `` actually , there are two bodies . '' he said , `` excuse me ? '' i said , `` well , you know , sometimes you have to take out the witnesses too. `` both he and the girl who inspected the truck were very polite and understanding about the whole thing , and even waived the crime scene cleanup fee . thanks , u-haul !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch service , very clean and well maintained facility despite rough neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is awesome ! the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable , especially ryan . they installed a trailer hitch for me and set me up with a trailer for moving halfway across the country . the store is always clean and orderly , which speaks volumes for how much one cares about their business . would definitely recommend this store ; excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys here are awesome ! they went out of their way to help make everything work great for the car hauler we needed to bring our new car we bought in vegas , home ! very polite and hard working in the vegas heat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience at this location , picked up my truck and 2 uboxes from here after moving from boston and they accommodated me with the right truck and trailer . left my phone in the truck and steve took i aside for me and kept it safe and sound until i could arrive . i recommend this place for your moving needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would like to thank the assistant moving center manager mr ryan griggs and the general manager mr. john cherne of 2030 e fremont street uhaul for making my move on labor day 2016 a less stressful one . i was greeted upon arrival by mr ryan griggs . he had my 15 foot uhaul truck waiting for me . he was very professional almost military like that reminded me of my earlier military days . very professional at every step in the moving process . i would also like to thank the general manager , mr. john cherne for making sure that i had an easy checkout upon returning the rental truck . he even had a cool conversation with me and wanted to be sure that the move went smoothly . i would highly recommend the 2030 east fremont u-haul location for your next move ! thank you u-haul team for your awesome service . i will be back for my future moving services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice and friendly staff . great sense of humor even early in the am and after i drove all night . great job guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many yelpers know i love all cuisine asian , but chinese is never really high on my list , especially americanized chinese food . however , i had been to grand china before and remembered it was okay , so i owed someone a lunch who worked at this intersection and told him to meet me here . immediately , i was giddy with excitement over the lunch specials , which range from $ 5.50 to $ 6.95 and include entree , rice , soup , eggroll , and drink ! ca n't beat that . the food was good in portion size and tasted fine . i would just rather be eating korean , japanese , thai , vietnamese , or indian even if it costs more . nevertheless , when i got the check and it was $ 13 for 2 people , initially i thought it was a mistake . this place is so cheap that it is worth going to with people who like chinese food and want to eat lunch in henderson .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been coming to the gc for the past two years . never a bad experience . once they see you a few times the staff seems excited to see you . once they ran out of cream for my thai tea . they actually left the restaurant went across the parking lot and picked some up at the grocery store . lot 's of items to choose from on the menu served hot and fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i yelped some chinese food in henderson near my job and grand china popped up with some good reviews . the lunch specials were mentioned a lot , so i ventured over to give it a whirl . for a monday at 11:30am , the place was empty except for myself and two gentlemen whom i recognized as employees of the city , too . i quickly decided on the cashew shrimp lunch special for $ 6.95 , which included a drink , soup , and the entree . the egg drop soup that i chose was served quickly and piping hot . minutes later , my entree arrived and this is when the yelper in me kicked in because i started counting how many shrimp i got : four . they were n't tiny , but they were n't huge , either . there were lots of vegetables to go with the shrimp and also a side of plain fried rice ; i should have asked for white rice if i was thinking about it . all in all , it was a decent meal for the price , plus the place is clean and service is fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought the price was a little high but then i picked up the to go box . you get a ton of food and it is exceptional ! i ordered the chow fun with veggies , full of flavor , not salty , no msg . i think i have found my new favorite dish ! friendly staff , talked with the cashier while waiting for my order . good food , good prices , good people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting family in henderson and they suggested we meet here . our large party of 13 was seated quickly . we all ordered for our families and theyn were happy to seperate our checks for us . although , we ask that after ordering and that ws super confusing for the waitress . after getting the orders straigtened out we enjoyed our soup and appetizers . our meals were served quickly but not all at the same time . one person in our party waited for 15 minutes for here meal . the food was fresh and served hot . everyone was pleased with their choices and left very full . the prices were very reasonable . i would recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have ordered from grand china a few times and have yet to be let down . food for 6 ( with a bunch of left overs ) came out to about 70 $ , delivery included . the only thing that kept it from getting that fifth star is that the chicken fried rice and chicken lo mein were a bit light on the meat . in my experience , chinese food runs the gambit and even with those 2 dishes being a bit light on the meat , the quality was excellent , the portions were nice sized , and every last dish was quite tasty . my in-laws are very picky about their chinese food and this is one of their favs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been to grand china a few times now and overall , they have been pretty solid every time . they have a great selection of lunch specials one can choose from available m-f which is great since i just work down the street . the prices for a lunch special are better then me spending the same amount at the local mcdonald 's and i get served a solid chinese meal . have n't been during dinner time so i can not really speak for that . however , i have ordered a few dinner entree 's before during the lunch hour and must say that the food was just as good as during lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good little chinese restaurant in black mountain . i 'm from the east coast and finally found a chinese restaurant on this side of town that i like . : ) moo shu is great ! i only wish that they would make me fried rice without egg for the lunch special . i would go there more often if they would . ( hint , hint ) good neighborhood chinese restaurant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place sux for sure . they are feeding mini mouse ! small portions are for rats . it 's a rip off !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is right up the street from our home and our friends recommended this place . our first visit ( the pictures attached our from them ) we ordered the food to go . it was good and so we decided to go back a few weeks later and dine in this time . the food was just as good and the service was excellent . will definiltely be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! always great service , and freshly made food ! love the atmosphere , a must go-to spot for black mountain people ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic chinese food is where this is going to take you ! love the service and the selection ! it is a low price spot to make it worth your life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered items to be delivered . placed my order at 6:40.. was quoted 45 mins . at 7:40pm after being bugged by my son i called and was told the driver left already with my order - which was already an hour past when i ordered.. 8pm rolled around still no food.. needless to say 8:20pm i got my food . after making 3 phone calls inquiring about the delivery . as angry as i am about the service .. the food is great ! we had kung pow chicken , beef broccoli , white rice & chicken chow mein & everything was delicious . for my troubles i was offered 20 % off my next bill but honestly.. have no plans ordering delivery from there again if the wait is almost 2 hours .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their stuffs pretty good : ) removed one star though because they decreased the amount wings they have per order and upped the price a bit . i was utterly upset . the salt and pepper chicken wings are to die for though . they 're huge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did take-out . ordered shrimp fried rice . reasonable portion for the price . tasted ok . nothing stellar , but not bad . similar in taste to the frozen product sold at the nearby von 's . the service staff was polite and efficient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we are picky . all we can say is wow . great food and great value . you got ta try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , but brought out at different times . my husband was almost done with his meal by the time i got my food . they forgot the appetizers we ordered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "orange beef was very dry and was n't fresh at all . kids meal sweet and sour chicken was tasteless . shrimp in lobster sauce was good though , but not enough to overcome the bad . they were also out of most of the beer choices when we were there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we just moved to the area and can walk here so decided to try it . server was very nice and welcomed us to the neighborhood . food does not have msg - we asked to have it prepared msg free . service was quick and items we ordered were flavorful . we will be here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great prices . we come here often and also get delivery . there 's usually only one person working which can be a hassle if you 're in a hurry but i do n't mind . they give great service and pay extra attention to my kids and get us in and out fed and happy . portion sizes are generous and i always leave with leftovers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good . the rest of my experience was mainly disappointing . ordered four entr\u00e9es and one was incorrect . their online menu does not match what they offer . with four entr\u00e9es delivered only included one container of rice and two fortune cookies with $ 40 order . how cheap ! i was also overcharged about $ 7 and was not given a receipt with the order . i attempted to give them one more try and also explain the previous problems and was told that they do n't have a manager and the lady on the phone would not listen to what i was saying . she was only interested in interrupting and talking over me . they have lost a good customer that like their food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are new to the area and have gone to a few chinese places that really disappointed us . we went here once because we did n't want to wait for the line at another restaurant and it was wonderful all around . the staff is exceptional , like every customer is their family . the food is amazing and very fresh , not at all overly salty . all in all they gained regular customers from their awesome service and food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great for deliveries . if you are looking for fresh , good quality chinese food for delivery , this is your place . customer service in the restaurant is n't great , but the the quality of the food is top notch . we love the shrimp fried rice and the orange chicken is all white meat ( we get it every time ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never been a bad meal here.. they deliver very promptly when you place your order . very good and friendly staff and it 's always clean ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first couple of visits the food was delicious . last visit the chicken wings were all pink inside the coating . now i 'm afraid to return . so sad . it was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their food is okay , not as flavorful as i 'd hoped . most of the people working there just seemed bored . it was kind of awkward . i usually just order food to-go from there , have n't experienced much inside , so decided to check it out . they had some sort of war history show on the tv , seeing death and destruction does n't make things very appetizing . they were playing karaoke music ( without any lyrics or anyone singing ) so it was interesting to hear `` my heart will go on '' on an electronic keyboard . and my fortune cookie had no fortune in it ! ( how unfortunate ) other than that , it was just an `` okay '' experience . service was okay , food was okay , but i 've had better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , excellent service friendly staff . stopped by today and dined in with my wife and two year old son . ordered shrimp fried rice which was excellent with good flavor . my wife ordered the general tso chicken which came out piping hot and was delicious . lastly we ordered the peppered steak which i thought was phenomenal it was spicy and the veggies were cooked just right . spent a little over $ 40 bucks and that included 20 % tip and drinks . there are n't to many good chinese food places in vegas so i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast fast fast . if you are in a hurry or have just worked up a monster appetite , these guys can help you out . this restaurant is located pretty close to my house and i do n't think it is really a destination kind of place , but if you are looking for quality chinese food classics and a reasonable price in a hurry , this is where you need to go . they have a solid lunch and dinner menu . the decor is typical strip shopping center with chinese flair , but the service is quick and friendly . i have also ordered to-go and delivery and the quality has been consistant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i love this place and have been several times ! everything comes out quick weather it is to go or dine in . the same woman is always waiting tables and seems to usually be the only one doing so , still she is prompt and polite ! the menu is rather large and includes combination dinners that come with soup , an entree , an egg roll , and a crab rangoon for 8.95 or 9.95 ! the food is what you would expect from an americanized chinese restaurant but everything is always tasty and hot . i am sure we will be back again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff , great food , good location . they pack everything well , especially if you end up ordering a family dinner . i did have to remove one star for the crab rangoons . they are much too sweet . sweetest i 've ever had . they were like an over-sweet dessert . everything else was amazing . i especially enjoyed the sweet and sour pork .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome for delivery , fast and good prices ! the spicy dishes have just the right amount of heat . kung pao is always good . nice to have a family business nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid chinese american fare . place is very clean and service is very good . stopped for lunch and they have a good menu with the usual favorites and good prices . probably not worth driving to but definitely worth it if you are in the neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now , let me say the veggie egg foo young was awesome ! the veggie mu shu was great , but i think i saw a chicken piece in it . shrimp fried rice was great . now to the part as to why 3 stars if the food ordered was so good : honesty . i ordered some `` crab rangoon wontons '' . this is when crab and cream cheese are placed inside wonton wrap and fried up . the first bite , i knew it was not crab . sure enough , they used that imitation meat.they did not taste good , because they did not utilize the right product ... .real crab . $ 10 literally in the trash . they should disclose `` made with imitation crab meat . honesty is the best policy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have ordered both take out and dined in , never any issues and always yummy ! cream cheese wontons", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you want something that will make you feel better when you are down and out with a `` cold '' ? their wonton soup ! i get it every time someone in the house is n't feeling well . my kids even ask for it when they are sick . try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i wan na splurge on chinese food i go here every time . standard chinese food , so good and the heart burn is worth it later ! lol ! their salt and pepper chicken wings are my favorite here , seasoned to perfection and are so massive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here , i go here almost all the time , i 've never had the delivery from here bc i live too far but i 'm always satisfied with the food . but a tip would be if you get a meal that includes sauce , take it on the side bc that way you can control the amount you put on your food . because with food like the lemon chicken they drench it with lemon sauce and if youre like me you 'd rather have a hint of the sauce rather than sauce and a hint of chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had their hong kong style pan fried noodles and fried wontons . not the best i 've ever had but still very tasty . also , they 're a good value for the amount of food you get . very friendly staff as well . a solid four stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this place through yelp and so glad i did . it 's a nice change of pace from all the regular fast food that populates areas . it is easy to locate , easy access , and not too far from my office . the staff is very friendly and attentive while providing great and efficient service . i like their lunch special combo menu . portion sizes are great and match the price well . the egg drop soup has always been good , with consistent flavors . the lunch specials come with your entree , fried rice , soup , an egg roll and a soda . i 'm always full when i leave and sometimes even have leftovers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is practically nonexistent . we went for lunch and the only server was on the phone . restaurant is empty except for 2 other tables . we sat ourselves and got menus ourselves . food is salty and not up to standard of any average chinese restaurant . this will be our first and last visit . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! the meal plan is always good ... they make it extra spicy for me and i love it . the wonton soup is some of the best i have ever had and the food is always amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really enjoy the food here . wonton , & egg flower soup are our favorites . the pupu platter is terrific , sesame chicken , bbq pork , mongolian beef , all good . the service could use work , depending on the server - you will feel very rushed . we prefer to just do take out , so no worries there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i been to this place for the past two years , almost go there once a week . great food and good portion . i enjoy the food there very much . few week ago i visit this place again , the food still great but the quantity of food is a lot less . i ordered the two meat combo plate with pork skin and green chili . the food tastes good , but we only got 2 pieces of pork skin and 5 pieces of pork green chili ... that looks like an half order or a kid meal ? ! today , i went back there for snacks , and noticed all the price goes up crazy , we just end up heading back home . so bad , we like the food at this place so much , but i guess we ca n't afford to go there as often as before .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "salty . greasy . gross . cold . meats are not cooked to order.. they 're kept hot like a buffet.. a not very good buffet . ordered a whole bunch of different items to share , and it all pretty much sucked . the shrimp tacos would have been really awesome had they not had like.. 9919191829291019292919229mgs of sodium . you 're better off at any of the `` to 's ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bland . old . cold . pros nothing . it 's literally taking me time trying to come up with something positive to say here . cons a lot of food was out buffet style and it looked old and reheated . the food and salsa was bland . why would a place like this not have made to order hot fresh food ? the menu was hard to read , change the font and overall style of it . about 60 % of the tables had dirty plates on them . when we left there were still dirty and no it was n't busy . if the front of the house is unkept , i ca n't even image what their back looks like . overall i would be willing to give them another try but i 'm honestly scared of getting food poisoning . there is a lot of food out and i doubt they throw it all away every night . also , why do n't i just go to a place that serves me fresh food ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food poisoning is the worse i will never eat there again ! this place should get no star 's it wo n't continue without adding star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a pleasant surprise and borderline 5 - stars if my review was based purely on value then this place would have hit the next plateau . food was fresh service was quick and attentive , probably not a destination type restaurant that you would drive across town for but if you find yourself in the area definitely worth a stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever . please do not come here . we were n't even able to eat due to lack of service . we waited in drive thru line for 20 minutes and no help . when i finally went inside nobody greeted me and i stood in front of the cash register for five minutes while employees walked by and not one greeted me or said a word . finally left and went and ate somewhere else were the food is better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very disappointed by this place . the food is kept buffet style so the flies can land on it . not made to order . small portions and the food was salty . why ? horchata and the customer service was good , but that 's about it . i will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in terms of all the endearingly sketchy looking drive mexican places we have in the phoenix area , this one is one of my favorites . i love the pastor and carne asada tacos ! the tortillas are always super fresh and the carne is the real stuff , not the stuff that seems sort of like hamburger that i would say the majority of other places like this serve . in fairness i have not explored much of the menu because i 'm quite happy with the tacos , so i have stuck with those , but i will definitely try a breakfast burrito some day ( they are available all day ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the salsita bowl with red chile as the choice for meat ... for the price it was good portion size and the red chili was actually pretty tasty . they did n't have paper towels in the bathroom they just had napkins like the ones that you eat with . the lady at the register was very friendly though . it reminded me eating at my grandma 's house after i ordered went to the bathroom and came out the friendly woman was bringing me my food in the bowl with no tray ... just like at grandma 's house . definitely going to be stopping back by over here to try out there other food items", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not too bad for fast mexican food . i am a connoisseur of cheap fast mexican food and this place does a pretty good job . nachos were ok but the carne as ads quesadilla was solid .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love their tortas ! they toast their bread so they 're not soggy like most places . they also use a good amount of avacado and their prices are low . they kinda of take a long time to prep the tortas tho . i only order from the drive-thru so i have n't been inside but it looks pretty clean from the outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went through the drive-through and ordered a torta de milanesa de res . the service was quick and the food was pretty good . definitely nothing special , and prices were higher than other places , with smaller portions , thus the lower rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst place ever . took a friend out for one last hurrah ... he has terminal cancer ( and this was told to management ) , so we came for his good time . we arranged for his personal dances and his dancer was giving him one last `` time '' . then some bleachy blonde fully dressed chick walks through , throws a look and has the bouncer come tap her out . they send her home for inappropriate behavior ... in a strip club ... and does n't have to sense , professionalism , or courtesy to explain to her paying guest . i guess she has a money tree . round two ... . bourbon street got hundreds and my friend so happy he thinks he might make it . bottom line save your time and money just go straight to somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great time here . every dancer i saw was attractive . and like cris says $ 10 lap dances , they may as well be giving them away for free . there were several girls dancing and for the three hours we were there we did n't get bored . if you are looking for a good time go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun night out of the ordinary for my boyfriend and i ! i have been trying to get him to go out to a nice strip club with me for a long time and i 'm glad i took him here . go figure , we both had a blast and now he wants to do it again ! the place is a little small but there are lots of seats and lots of beautiful girls with amazing bodies . no one is pushy or snobby , in fact , the girls were really receptive to me gawking at them and would move their cute little butts around for me to have a better view ! ! yay , boobies ! my boyfriend really enjoyed me watching and watching himself . glad we tried something different . thanks to the gorgeous girls who were friendly and slutty and made our night a blast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "of course being the faithful strip club guru we stopped in while in scottsdale for az bike week . clean , polite staff , very attractive dancers - really good happy hour , definitely beats anything sacramento has hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "might be one of the worst i have been to in the usa and i live in washington state that does n't allow booze in the club.. topless only , no interaction , $ 30 dances , and $ 20 cover . as i usually tell people , the phoenix strip clubs suck because the best dancers go to vegas on the weekend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not really into strip clubs but i have to say that in my experience this is one of the better ones . the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced . as far as the girls go , they had something for everyone , and none of them were super pushy or rude about lap dances , which i very much appreciate . i was here for a bachelor party , and for a couple hundred bucks they hauled the groom onto the stage with a bunch of girls and embarrassed the shit out of him . it was pretty awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this club is very discriminating and it is obvious me and my friends were not welcomed here . i was watching a man get a dance and his friend grabbed the girl in the vagina area while she was bent over standing . she than of course got upset and the manager came and did n't even kick these mexican thugs out . then as i watched the girl cry , i just realized the club has a bigger issue than anticipated . not only with the way they handle their employees but the way they just did n't kick the mexican thugs out . it is way to dangerous here and not safe . the manager looks like he is drugged out and looking at most of the girls they were also .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's was a sunday night , my bachelorette party and we had 9 of us and i had the yelp offer for free entry with two drink minimum and asked if our whole party can get in because we had plans to obviously celebrate my bachelorette party and spend money on the girls and drinks ! well the manager wanted every girl to pull up the offer and only accepted cash at the front and the atm charged $ 10 to get more $ out . the guy at the front door said there was no one in there except the dancers . so it was pretty stupid that they were not busy and had no business and turned down a bachelorette party of 9 with plans to spend $ $ there . dumb ! not worth it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place ! my son and i go here every year before and after spring training ! the blonde bombshell who works the bar ( i think her name is carly ) is very accomodating and funny . the dancers are hot , ask for jazzi and you will not be disappointed. ! ; ) the drinks are reasonably priced , and did i mention the dancers are hot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ... has nightclub party vibe with beautiful topless women included . its much more of a fun experience than the other places in town . the owner brought the manager back from the old days ( clay ) to clean up the place a little and add some new flare ... and i 've noticed a real difference ... .great vibe , better looking girls ... nice guy , very professional . sounds like `` andrea '' may be one the fat girls he fired ... haha . scott & rick are there still taking care of the days ... free lunch buffet is awesome ... the girls are very friendly too . i make this spot a regular stop . why go anywhere else ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girls are nice ! they do n't get down and dirty . not the best looking girls but at 12am they will do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a friend in from out of town and ended up here . seriously , one of the best strip club experiences i have ever had ! the girls are absolutely fantastic , the prices were moderate , low pressure and one of the best nights i 've had in years . top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to this club since the new management change so i wanted to check it out . i went during the day and i must say it looks great inside . when i first walked in the attractive bartender carly was friendly and welcoming . she greeted me right away , made my drink and told me to help myself to the free buffet which was actually pretty good . the music was enjoyable and i was having a great time hanging out at the bar . the dancers were friendly and attractive as well even though i did n't get a private dance . i could only stay for an hour but i will be back ! the only thing i was disappointed about was no drink specials during the day . other than that it as a good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using on the run massage services for well over a year ! they have the best massage therapists . i have had over 4 different therapists and they are all wonderful ! they are professional and skilled at finding those knots ... but more importantly , working those knots out of your body . it is so convenient to simply make a call and have a therapist show up to your own home and provide the massage . right after , you can simply relax and not have to drive anywhere . prompt service , great people and always a relaxing massage . i continue to use their service at least monthly if not bi-weekly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "annie was beyond amazing so professional and detailed . great personality i feel amazing.. i will def be using her again and really recommend her ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i love the most about on the run massage is that you get to have a top notch massage in the comfort of your own home . its not that i mind getting a massage at a spa or another massage spot , but i hate having to get up and drive myself home . that makes me go from a relaxed state of mind and body to well ... . not one . getting a massage at home is the only way to go for me from now on . if you have never tried it you should give it a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arturo was amazing ! completely professional and when i told him where i needed him to focus and he nailed it ! ! ! ! i feel amazing and new . i will be returning and also requesting . i do recommend arturo to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have fibromyalgia and jeanni has been the only massage therapist that has actually listened to me and massaged me properly ! ! ! she 's the only massage therapist for me . i felt relief as she was massaging me muscularly and internally and anyone with fibromyalgia will know what i 'm talking about ! so do yourself a favor and request jeanni , she 's the best ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw melissa and the massage was amazing . she came to my house and was very professional . i would definitely recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best massage ever from art . he was very professional and hit on every overworked muscle , my husband had ashely and she was also concentrated on his tensed muscle . we would recommend for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there seems to be a bunch of new american chains popping up in mississauga . last night , i visited mucho burrito in the north end of the city . walking in you get trendy yet relaxing vibe of the burrito trend ; i really liked the lighting at this location . on to the food , i order two tacos , i stayed away from the burrito because i was mildly hungry versus burrito hungry . the nice thing was that they had various burrito sizes you could order , how convenient ! ! i got the pollo ( chicken ) , huge chucks of chicken , they were a bit dry but i appreciated the protein . the sad part was they were out of lettuce , how a fast food place can be out of lettuce baffles me but i was offered grilled veggies instead . the tacos were decent , much better than taco bell , they were fresh and tasty . i would like to try out their burritos the next time i am in the area . check out a mucho burrito close to you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "before burrito boys came into the scene i may have given this place 4 stars but now there is no chance . i do n't mean to harsh because this place is n't bad . however , it is not memorable enough for me to eat here again unless i had limited choices . the protein selection was decent but i found the salsa and sour cream very watery . half way through my second taco they started to get soggy . they also have limited amount of free toppings before thy start adding on those extra charges . i really enjoyed my chips and guacamole but for 15 dollars i 've had better . if i ever come back i will try their quesadillas ( i 've never had a bad quasadilla ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been there 3 times . i had their fish burrito . it was ok at best . the burrito shell was lacking something and the overall combination of flavours seemed bland . not as fresh and as good as the haddock burrito from burrito boys . i had their chicken and beef burritos . they tasted better but the process of making them seems rushed . they are lacking that fusion like burrito boys .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here many times for lunch as i work in the area . i usually get a bare bowl ( no tortilla ) and i generally find the food okay . my problem is that they are so stingy on toppings that the bowl is often half empty . i ask for extra peppers ( after getting about 3 strips of green red pepper ) and they told me it would be an extra charge . this happens all the time so i have written it off as a one time mistake . also i do n't find the staff friendly ( maybe i am asking too much ) . i would rather go to chipotle even if it costs more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really great tasting food ! would definitely recommend for a quick bite . especially if you 're a fan of chipotle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a fish burrito . pros were great size , fish was not breaded , and it was nice and crispy on the outside . however , the flavour was bland even with added guac and shrimp , and overwhelmed by the sauce . the price was quite high as well - over $ 14 for a regular burrito and a drink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a factory . not a nice modern factory that makes iphones , more like s seedy factory you might find in the back streets of india employing children working in sub-human conditions . i called to make an appointment and she started a spiel about having a great deal on braces . no thanks , not interested in braces . but it 's a great deal . no ! do you have anyone in your household who might be interested in braces ? ffs ! no ! i just was to make an appointment ! she then takes all my information and asks if it 's ok to call and remind me about my appointment . i say no , do not call me to remind me , i 'm quite capable of making it to a dentist appointment . well guess who receives not one , but three reminder phone calls ? yep , that would be me . i really want to work with professionals who listen to my problems and treat me with dignity and respect . none of that here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service , they use cheap materials , your crowns or bridge what ever they do will crack within 3yr . not worth it , spend a little more but go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was being nice in my last review . but this place is ridiculous . they called my boyfriend to confirm an appointment that he never made but they convinced him that he needed to come in anyways . he shows up , signs in , waits for about 45 minutes after his appt . time ( they always are running late ) , then a lady comes out and informs him that `` oh you 're not supposed to be seen for another month '' , wtf ! ! ! that 's craziness . who is running this place ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place seemed like a good idea at the time . my mom needed an emergency tooth removal , and this was the only closest place we could find that was open on a saturday afternoon . we called scheduled an appointment and headed right in . my mom was sitting in the waiting room in pain for almost an hour . then when they finally took her back the doctor gave her a shot for the pain and started digging right in . the assistant suggested waiting at least 15 minutes so that the medicine can kick in but the doctor ignored her . the doctor literately threw his tools on the tray and gave up when my mom cried out in pain . we left and were assed out of $ 75 for the horrible visit . also , they have a very fishy disclaimer form that my mom refused to sign .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not come here if you have a job . i made an appointment for 2:15 today and arrived early to fill out paperwork . i write this review at 3:30 as i still have n't seen a dentist or even an assistant to get a cleaning . i did get x-rays already - all 20 of them ! never had so many in my life . there is no privacy . i 'm listening to an employee explain how many teeth my neighbor has to get pulled , and how she can set up a payment plan . update : at 4:30 , i finally got out of here . the dentist only came in to do an exam after i started to leave because i 'd been waiting so long . she then assured me a cleaning would take merely 5 more minutes . wrong ! it was 40 more minutes . i had to fill out forms 4 different times , and when i was leaving their credit card machine would n't work so i 'll have to mail in a check .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place has become just about money , saved up a hundred dollars to get a tooth pulled and all yjry told me over and over need xray , for $ 75.00 , and when all said and done they pitched me from a $ 5000.00 payment plan , i still have hurt tooth , no meds , no money and will never recament these snakes to anyone , bible tells me need to be in thanks , soooo western dental , thanks for taking my money , time , and thr experience was retarded at best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at western dental . everyone was friendly and i was able to get in and out in a timely manner . the hygienist , stacy stewart did an amazing cleaning on my teeth , she was thorough through the entire service and made me feel very comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to western dental staff were friendly and kind so was a dentist i paid my bill in advance to have my feelings field and a cap to be filled and to get some partials as time progressed i got an attitude from the dentist and the partials i had chosen originally was switched off for a cheaper partials they kept giving me the runaround and the feelings they had put on fell out less than a year and they made my life hell i still have those partials there no good $ 700 plus insurance i 'm not even wearing them money thrown out the window i would never recommend anyone to western dental are horrible and should be put out of business i had heard so many horror stories by my coworkers and friends about western dental it 's amazing that they 're still in business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful customer service ! i am so blessed to have dr. zamani and stacey taking care of my mouth ! i always leave there feeling good and taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't appreciate having to communicate with outsourced phone agents to make an appointment for a simple cleaning . the process takes 15-20mins they also tell me i have to get x-rays done every time i go in for a cleaning which is `` policy '' . ca n't i just have someone clean my teeth once without radiation for once ? cancelled appointment . i gave one extra star for the few nice staff i have experienced at this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually do n't write reviews but this one is well deserved . i had n't been to the dentist in a while and i was very nervous to go in for my appointment . since my initial visit , the front staff including the manager ismael to the back staff with dr. zamani , they have provided excellent customer service in every aspect of the business . i could n't be more satisfied and happy that i chose western dental for my dental needs . i would strongly recommend for you guys to visit this dental office - you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service and communications ! ! a revolving door for dentists and administration . a real crap shoot to the quality of care you will receive . i have paid over $ 20k for dental work ever since noemi moved to another office it has been beyond awful customer service . i have taken off work only to have appointments cancelled or rescheduled and then informed i missed a scheduled appointment because they cancelled . most recently due to them cancelling i was sent to another office were the dentist was at , only to find out they wanted me to pay $ 600 which was already paid for at original office . i was unable to get the work done because they could not work it out . had to reschedule back at 530 mcdowell office 2 weeks from now which will be the fourth attempt to get the work done . my recommendation ; find another dentist ! ! ! ! ! ! poor quality overpriced work !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "iv been going here now for 8 months almost a year and iv had nothing but great experience here . the hygienist orthodontist and dentist have mad my smile amazing front desk and manager are also very welcoming i love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place my son loves it here and very professional dr zamani and dr wong are great doctors they make my son feel very comfortable with the exam and stacy the hygienist is wonderful she complimented how beautiful his teeth are", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stacy , the hygienist , did a meticulous job when cleaning my teeth . i am prone to aspirate fluids and she took great care to make sure i was safe from aspirating while she cleaned my teeth . good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for an extraction after being ill for a few years and tooth decay as a result . the equipment was stained , which made me suspect their sanitation practices . the dentist was not at all engaged and made me feel very small because of the state of my teeth . she also added a bone graft after extracting the tooth , which i did not need . i 've had all my teeth restored by another dentist , including two implants-of which neither required a bone graft . they just wanted to charge more . i do not recommend western dental .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first i want to say that i 've been coming here for years and they 've always treated me well . i 've sent multiple referrals to them over the years and have always just paid cash for my teeth cleaning and have always had sent people in to pay $ 50-60 for a x-rays and teeth cleaning ( basic cleaning ) . after being told over the phone and in person when arriving that as long as it was a basic cleaning for my girlfriend 's teeth because she 's a new patient . so i paid ahead for that cleaning and left her there to get them done . which never happened ! they did the x-rays and then had advised her that they will be contacting her insurance to bill for the cleaning and her cavity filings . please do n't fall for this `` bait and switch `` i will never be going back here nor would i recommend to any one to go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food -- - good beer prices -- - nice staff -- and horse and dog betting -- -- what more could you ask for ? highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a great little sports bar , the cheese fries were amazing ! music was a bit loud but i liked the food and the service was good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the high ratings for this place . sure , there are plenty of tv 's to watch your favorite team , but all sports bars have tons of tvs . the food was not good , and the atmosphere is pretty dull . service was good , and they had outdoor seating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went with a large group and the staff was very friendly and prompt . i will definitely recommend this place to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "flightless wings are great ! ! drinks are well made with great service . they have pinball , pool and off track betting too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place with the new ownership . lots of new additions and the food is finally good again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and service was good , place was busy . i had the cobb salad and it was loaded with bacon , chicken , and cheese . waitress was always on top of drink orders and servicing our group .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in here late night just for some food and a beer . turned out to be pretty good . typical sports bar . kind of hole in the wallish but clean enough . had the queso and chips and fish tacos . surprisingly good . no problems here if you wan na grab some bar food and a beer . plus aviation is cool", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience ! we had a large group come in and the staff was very attentive and friendly ! i 'll definitely be bringing our group back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the guy who waited on us was really nice , so i feel bad not giving this place a better review . it 's an ok place if you want to get a beer i guess , but we did not enjoy the food . sandwich was mediocre , the side salad was alright , but terrible onion rings . the place has older furniture in it , but it does have allot of tv 's and horse betting if you are into sports .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not too bad . it 's dive with a nice touch . went there for lunch and a beer . food was average , beer was cold , and sports were on . ca n't complain too much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "has a bit more than just hats ; as the name would indicate . before trying to find a `` fanzz '' location or bypass 'lids ' for the nearest `` front row sports , '' at least give lids a walkthrough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , went here shopping around and found a hat i liked but not in the color i wanted . they then tell me they can order it . so i say cool and they ring me up . the total comes out different than the price . i get told that it is shipping . i say never mind and am convinced by the manager than the shipping charge will be refunded . something about a website mess up . i believe her ( my mistake ) and pay . still no refund , ca n't get customer service to answer the phone and the tracking number i was emailed does n't work . dhl says they do n't even have it . so i was ripped off by these people . filing report with better business bureau next . horrible . do not give them your hard earned money . they provide nothing in return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "happy holidays to me ! this is perfect ! on christmas even i go to a lids store to purchase a gift and i 'm treated rudely by the customer sales representative who laughs at me when i ask if they have apple pay . first of its 2016 who does n't know what apple pay is ? secondly i requested a gift receipt this sales agent smirked and said we do n't provide that , i wanted to confirm that this was correct , so i asked again . she looked at me like i was an idiot and with a attitude said they do n't bye ! i was livid i received the customer care number they were not able to assist me he only thing they could do was say sorry n email my receipt by the time i get this christmas will be over . thank you ! lids you can know that i will never shop your store again ! by the way the tmanager of the store is makala ! do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful experience at orthocarolina in gastonia . physical therapists rebecca , emily , and phil took great care of me and took away my foot pain . i thought i 'd just have to live with the pain , but they worked it out and showed me how to prevent it from coming back . practice was very organized , people are friendly and listen well . dr mehtra was very helpful and listened as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even coming for after hours urgent care the doctors and staff were all happy and very detailed . follow up visit was the same . very happy with this office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this bo was closest to my house , so i had to go with it , but pretty much standard for all bojangles ! the food is super greasy and super yummy . come on , you have to admit you know it 's going to be good when you see that grease seeping through the bag ! i always get the same thing . `` cajun filet biscuit combo , french fries , iced tea '' as they say over the loud speaker . you have to get extra seasoning if it 's sitting out , because the spices are the best ! and this is the only place i drink sweet tea . i 'm planning a visit to nc and bojangle 's is on the top of my list to visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is just fine . the amount of prostitution going on during the day is alarming . jesus help these women .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it feels like sloths work here because it takes over 30 min to get through the drive thru . beware : avoid at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can only give this location 1 star . when i pulled up behind another car to place an order , i could see there were cars lined up to get to the window . after placing my order , it was over five minutes before the first car pulled away from the window with food . i could see they had ordered the big box ( family meal ) but that 's no excuse . there were two more cars ahead of me , so i had to leave . my daughter had to eat something else ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was the slowest fast food experience ever . it was 20 min and there just to get the food . was at least 6 employees and only 4 in the building customers i could see . the food was fine but they were slower then then i have ever seen . good thing i was not in a rush . how do they not have chicken tenders in under 15 min . even if the are frozen , they can deep fry them in under that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst bojangles i 've ever been to . of course it is run by the university so i should n't have expected much . i had to repeat my order 3 times . she tells me i have to wait five minutes for eggs . i patiently waited , only to find out it was her that was cooking them ... and she had n't started . while she was cooking the eggs the other girl took the biscuits for other orders . they then come up to me and ask if i want my bacon , egg , and cheese on a bun because they are out of biscuits . alternatively i could wait 10 more minutes on a biscuit . i asked how many biscuits they had hoping to have at least one biscuit in between classes . it was just not so . i would advise anyone on campus to skip this garbage and head on over to chick fil a .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went through the drive through because there was only two cars in front of me and the inside had many people . the service was so slow . by the time it was my turn it took her a little while until i could place my order and then i still waited and waited and waited for the one car ahead of me who seemed to order just 2 combos ! i ended up being late for my appointment . my advice is do n't expect this fast food place to be fast- be sure to have time . i still have them two stars because the food is usually good just the service struggled today .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to bojangle yesterday and waited like 39 minutes i asked too speak to the store manager and he was very rude me to say that they were busy but looking around they had a lot of people but they were just sitting around doing nothing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never ever again ... long time wait for only 2 cars in drive thru . the young lady that took my order was so rude as if she had to wait 25 mins for a child 's meal . in the back setting the employees were to busy playing around and talking about inappropriate things as we sit in the driveway . once i received my food about 25 mins later ... it was cold and not fresh at all . i vow to never waste one red penny on this location ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i frequent this location a couple times in the morning during the week . they 're always fast ( i go around 7am ) and friendly . today i received the wrong order and promptly called when i got home and i spoke to ms. sharon , she apologized and then resolved the matter . i never experienced subpar service at this location and i feel the employees go above and beyond . i will bypass other bojangles to get to this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mold on soda machine . seen a employee eating chicken on back table ; then used the same gloves they were eating the chicken with to make customers sandwich ! ! ! ! disgusting ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great subs even though it 's tucked away in a convenience store . it is very easy access i must say . it 's consistent with most subways - fast and fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neat & clean . service was very good . try new mediterranean steak on wheat flat bread . excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a normal subway . nothing special . although close to the interstate and open late , i do n't know if its worth visiting as i 've had political discussions with employees before that were unnecessary . i do n't care about your views , but if you choose to express them and you are wrong i will educate you . after you are done touching my food that is . this was a while back , so i do n't even know if this employee is still around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there for a christmas party last minute because the last place told us they really didnot want us . the buffet is similar the the institutional cafeterias at federal government . a bunch of cheap crap to fill you up.a lot of canned puddings , fruits , garbanzo beans , baked beans and of course the frozen ice cream machine . i ordered the kansas city steak $ 17.95 and my spouse had fried shrimp . my steal had a bone on one side and a fat grisile on the other making the actual eatable part hard to get to.it was from an animal i ' m sure who apparently froze to death and then had a ride on a band saw.my wife 's frozen fried shrimp was just ok. we were with the family about a party of 14.my sister ordered the stuffed steak and what the hell ? it was the thinnest meat stuffed with bread stuffing . pretty poor ! i remember the food being better 10 years ago , but now i ' m supprised they do any business at all serving crap like that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since the change in the menu i 'm really unhappy and will most likely remove hoss 's from my `` go to '' list . prices increased and food quality decreased . no thanks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if texas road house and eat n ' park had a love child in the 1970 's , it would look like hoss 's . this place has the 70 's decor and that 70 's orangish tint to it . they have two banquet rooms in it too . one is called the franklin room and the other is called the william penn room . hoss 's is so old that i fully expected to see those individuals in there as i peeked in . the food is pretty good and relatively cheap too . me , my wife and two kids got out for $ 34.00 . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know hoss 's is n't everyone 's cup of tea , but it 's a good fit for me . you definitely ca n't go wrong with the soup and salad bar . there is plenty on there to make sure you do n't leave hungry . this place looks fairly new , not that old setup some hoss 's have . prices are decent as well . really ca n't much more for this place that has n't already been said .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this used to be my favorite place to eat back in the late 80s and early 90s . they had fresh steak and seafood and an excellent salad bar . now the salad bar is still excellent , but the steaks and seafood ( and i think every other entree ) is frozen and sloppily prepared . i still eat here , but i 'm really disappointed in the change .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great soup and salad bar . steak tips have always been cooked perfectly to my tastes . great place for kids . go there with my brother and 4 kids every time i 'm visiting from florida . great desserts too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good value clean and frendly . good soft ice cream and brownies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to go several times per month , noticed on several occasions that me or a family member got sick afterwards . ca n't say for sure that the food was the reason but stopped going there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's been quite awhile since i have stopped at a hoss 's . i am not a fan of buffets but i won a gift basket at a charity auction and it included hoss items and coupons . so i used my coupons . this restaurant had very friendly staff and good food . the buffet was tended and cleaned frequently . it included the usual salad bar items as well as deserts . i have no complaints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this hoss 's is so consistent with quality and friendliness . the prices are very reasonable and we are satisfied every time . i was sad to see the hoss 's locations around me close over the past 10 years , but i am so glad that this one is still going strong ! as long as this hoss 's is still standing , i will be coming in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3 year old loves this restaurant and begs to go there . it could have something to do with the ice cream machine . i went there often growing up but my husband will never understand the appeal so we stick to it mainly for lunch . the servers are pleasant and attentive and most make effort to genuinely engage with my child . they have some tasty dishes like stuffed chicken breast and i like the chicken noodle soup and garlic bread . i wish they had wine ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "generally a bust . they take your order as you walk into the restaurant , which is just weird . one positive ... the salad bar was pretty fresh . but we had two disappointing dinners - a filet and another steak - neither particularly tasty . my medium rare steak was raw - they did get it right on the second try . we would never go back there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location has changed a little bit since the last time i was here . now they have menus and you order at your seats , whereas before you would order upon entrance . our waiter cory was super nice and attentive . the salad bar was super clean and the food tasted fresh and hot . i was a little disappointed that they were out of scallops on a sunday afternoon . nevertheless , for $ 30 , we walked out of there full and pleased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy cow . i have n't been to hoss 's in years . i forgot how great this place is . i felt like i was stealing from the restaurant for what i was paying for such a delicious and satisfying meal . honestly i did not even need the surprisingly delicious broiled shrimp . that salad bar is to die for . at that salad bar , there is an amazing variation of low calorie and healthy choices . more than 3 different kids of healthy dressing options . not to mention , the french onion soup was perfect for health conscious people because you add your own bread and cheese into it if you want . do n't even get me started on the desserts . they have an entire delicious section that is designated to sugar free and low fat ! ! it was all so delicious . did i mention they have diet pepsi , diet mt dew , and diet dr. pepper as options ! ? i loved it i can not wait to come back to hoss 's and be filled up by a rather healthy meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i mean , it 's hoss 's . it 's definitely a step above ponderosa ( side note : does ponderosa even exist anymore ? ) , but probably a half-step below red lobster . the website helpfully points out that there are no extra charges for things like `` sour cream , butter , [ and ] gravy '' ... although i feel like a restaurant probably should n't need to make that clear to begin with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "how can you go wrong with steak and a salad bar ? ! the staff at this hoss 's is also very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had not been to a hoss 's in quite some time and found my last trip just alright . the food was prepared well and the salad bar was rather fresh , i just did not really enjoy the atmosphere . i found the layout of the restaurant confusing and thrown together . overall , just alright .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad we found a wonderful pediatric office for our son . new to parenthood , we started researching all pediatricians in the area and found this facility to have great doctors on staff . the office is clean and well organized . calling in for an appointment is never an issue . everyone is friendly and supportive of the family 's wishes . we are extremely happy we take our son here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love it here ! one of the doctors came highly recommended by our pediatrician back in california and we 're so glad we found her . the facilities are very clean , bright , and welcoming . the doctors and staff are friendly and accommodating . although there are many other offices closer to our home , we 're happy to drive over half an hour to have all three of our children seen here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were referred her , to dr. cimenello by two friends with multiple kids . our newborn is now a month old and he took care of our newborn checkup , frenulum snip , circumcision and dr. johnson did our one month checkup . they have been overly fantastic . very informative and had an answer to our many questions . they do n't try to do too much , and are very reassuring to some of our prior worries . i 'm so glad we found a perfect fit on our first try with our new son .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw amy the pa she was wonderful . very supportive of our more natural approach to treating our son . answered my very long list of questions without ever making me feel rushed . i wish the after hours was a little better but so far i 'm really happy with this provider", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am very dissatisfied with their service time . my son had his well check schedule and we sat in the room waiting for the doctor for over an hour and still nothing . when i went to check with the nurse what was taking so long she advised me that we were next and 20 minutes later we were still waiting . maybe they need to hire someone new to schedule their appointments . i will never be going back there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we followed dr. david ciminello from pueblo pediatrics in mesa to desert shores pediatrics . dr. ciminello is an outstanding pediatrician in all ways . he has a wonderful bedside manner that allows him to connect with kids and his diagnosis 's have been accurate . he takes his time with patients and parents . he thoroughly explains things and is prompt with follow-ups . i have nothing but great things to say about him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company has a great atmosphere and the doctors themselves are great ! unfortunately the business model is worried about the bottom line more then the care of the patients . after three separate situations i have opted to change providers , and i and wish i would have done it sooner . i think my son would have received a lot better healthcare and less sick care medications .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "never had a bad experience with desert shores . my kids are always treated well and they doctors , all of them , take time to address any concerns or comments . we followed dr cimenello here from a previous office and are glad we did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updating my review : i 've continued to go here , and i 've met a couple techs and more doctors who have been great . new doctors have joined the practice , and i 've never needed to wait long in the last 6 months . also , after needing same day appointments for a terrible infection prone winter , i have to say we 've always gotten in immediately with our providers of choice and our calls for appointments , to billing and to the nurse for medical questions have all been promptly answered . very efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow what an office ! brought both children ( 8 & 12 ) in for annual exams and to get the oldest his latest vaccination . i had the paperwork filled out prior to coming , but the front desk staff got us checked in quickly and was very pleasant . within minutes of check in the kiddos were walked back for the exams . the pediatritian was efficient , answered all of my questions on the most recent vaccination , and talked through a few additional questions i had . the boys liked her and she made them feel comfortable . that was a big win for me ! ! the office has extended hours , accepts most insurance , and billing appears to be spot on . i 'm very happy with this medical group and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys that worked here took in an injured bird that came and sat on my coworker 's lap while we were eating at breadfruit next door . i guess the records and shirts are nice , too , but really , 5 stars for bird rescue assistance . if you know the fate of the bird , let me know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are now closed , but thanks to the good folks of phoenix for supporting us while we were open !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i 've only dropped in here a few times , i 've really fallen in love with this place . i just moved from la back to phoenix and i really was n't expecting a whole lot returning home . i did not think a store like this could be found outside of the bay area , la , or new york . they 've got an awesome selection of clothing , hats , and vinyl records . the best thing about this place is the owners staff . they 're totally cool with you just hanging out and chatting and they even encourage you to dig around in the vinyl collection . they 've got all the best things a hip-hop street culture store has to offer and then some . if you 're about real music and real style , this is the place to go in the valley . accept no substitutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a different type of new . went in not planning on getting anything just wanted to check it out . same mods as anywhere , but what made it different was the environment . coming from toronto into brampton the vibe is totally different in a good way . the staff was friendly and helped me out . they got booth tables so you can acutally lounge out . they got there juice list on ipads which was cool never seen that . and he recommended `` omc '' from toronto juice co. something like that , and it was okayy nothing special . but another staff member wanted me to try his own juice he mixed . i tried it and it was amazing . he mixed the flavors for me and off i went . i had 2 new experiences which i 'll never forget great shop tons of different juice friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't really have any complaints about vapemeet . it 's a vape store , not much to say . it 's a little more nicely decorated than other vape stores , but it is just as big as most big chain vape stores out there . great customer service , always welcome you with a smile here and always seem genuinely happy to help . it 's a good hour and a half from me , but i 'm here once a month since my fiance enjoys a certain ejuice that can only be found here at vapemeet . and i do n't protest , great staff , always clean , always have stuff in stock , no complaints . even got free drinks and sometimes snacks at back corner of the store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is wicked ! there juice is absolutely amazing , they have a pretty good selection of products and the staff if really kind a knowledgable . they have tables to work on building coils and setting up your new devices and attys that you buy there . it was an overall really good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered cupcakes for my bridal shower this past weekend and got there to pick them up and not only were there no cupcakes but the people at the counter had the nerve to argue with my bridesmaid about the time . not only did we make the arrangements in person at the restaurant but my sister confirmed everything the week of . i understand mistakes happen but we do n't need or deserve attitude from the staff on top of it . what if this had been my wedding cake ? i would n't trust a special event to the rodneys bakery after this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolute horrible service ! ! i mean total boo . we are new to the area and have been trying new places every weekend . needless to say we will not return to rodneys . they took so many reservations that they couldnt accomodate walk-ins . to make it worse , the hostess was very rude about this . in addition , we felt so out of place . the owner greeted everyone that came in and totally ignored us . we were very upset and had to leave . its sad that they let money walk out the door like that . like i said , we are new to the area and are trying to scope out all those `` great '' places . rodney 's is not this place . sorry rodney .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a lovely little place with good italian food and excellent desserts . we ordered across the menu -- appetizers , salads , pastas , meats , and desserts . all were solid offerings that made us happy . and full . do n't forget full . the one downside here is that they have kind of a limited wine selection . some more cheap italian offerings ( get some rossos ! ) would go a long way to pairing with the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pasta , kind of noisy so if you want to go for a quick evening forget it . if you want to order food to go they have mastered the process .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a decent restaurant that is one of the nicer places in irwin . there is a large bar , an outside deck , multiple dining rooms , and now a bakery which i have not tried yet . the food here is good but nothing novel . they have your standard italian american choices . if you are going to be in the area anyway , give it a try as it is one of the better places to eat around there but i would not make a special trip just to go eat there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really love rodney 's . i 've been going there since i was a kid , and the food is really fantastic . it 's a little expensive for irwin , but it 's great or a nice dinner out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the party pizza is perfect for any occasion ! delish ! ! ! ! ! 5 stars.. also the dining room is great for any banquet or luncheon ... great food , nice place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a directors meeting here on a thursday night . bar area was not crowded and we had great service and reasonably priced cocktails . food was great . wait staff was very accommodating . ~christine zellers ceo , lbdc", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually very good food . it 's bar food ... upgraded . i 've dined here several times . as much as i generally enjoy the food i would never go within two hours of closing . the food is n't as fresh or good as it is during peak hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch here with colleagues and i was pleasantly surprised ! the staff , was great , the food , delicious with very generous portions . make sure you order dessert !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the new bar is beautiful , the entrance is also remodeled and the dining room looks more intimate . the problem is , the bartender keeps leaving the bar and is gone for long periods . new bar , same poor service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pasta night special ... ... well worth the money . great service and atmosphere as usual . brian m", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is not the 1st time we have been here & it wo n't be the last ! this place is very good . even though we were at a catered meal today , it was really good . the chicken parm was very tasty , as well as the green beans and halupki ! ! there is also a nice deck which i might utilize during a future visit & have a few libations out there n'at ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food came out at a reasonable time and good portions . the salads are nice especially the shark steak and the coconut shrimp . servers were great about refills . good price also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had dinner here as well as enjoyed the nightlife here . food has always been good and service is good . entertainment has always been good when i was there as well . parking is always the issue if you do n't get there early , but i guess this says it is a popular place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having heard from friends that rodneys was good , we decided to check it out . we were seated very quickly on a sunday afternoon . there were about 20 others eating in the restaurant at the time . it took our waitress 15 minutes to take our drink order . only a few more minutes after that to take our order . our appitizer was brought out fairly quickly . it was delicious . our entrees came out about 20 minutes later . that 's the last we saw of our waitress . she never came back to check on us , didnt come back to refill drinks . we had to ask another waitress for boxes & our check . the food was really good , but the service was some of the worst we 've ever had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place , wrong address it 's 557 wendel rd , irwin , pa 15642 . salmon salad is really good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm appalled this place has more than two stars ! the prices are n't bad , but the food is mediocre ( and that 's being nice ) . however , if you 're used to going to fast food for dinner , then yes this place does have higher prices . as far as the nightlife goes ... if your idea of a great night is seeing people that look like and act like they belong on the `` jersey shore , '' then this place is for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time back in years . i always remembered the food being good . it was an hour before close and it seemed that the two servers there , with one table in the place had a hard time seeing that we were created promptly . i had the mussel appetizer as my dinner and my fianc\u00e9 had the lasagna . my mussels where very good but the lasagna was not so much . said it came with meat sauce , barely any meat in the sauce . i ordered a dirty martini and did n't specify what level of liqueur i wanted ( assuming that well would be something decent ) it was bankers club . over all not what i remembered and disappointed with our visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good place to eat one of the best in north huntington prices are reasonable very very very good food . make sure to try the french onion soup . also the veal rumano is very good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch , on a friday , with a group of friends . the prices were very good , as was the food . it looks like they have a very awesome outdoor tiki bar with fake palm trees and heaters ( for when it gets colder in the fall ) . i was there for lunch , but i think that i 'd come back with some friends and check it out for drinks . they were advertising $ 2 draft beer for the outdoor tiki bar . of course , the tiki bar was closed at 11 am on a friday . they also have a nice private room for having a party , such as a bridal shower or rehearsal dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good food . prices are maybe a little high , but not terrible . i usually just get the seafood alfredo , because they use big scallops , unlike the chain restaurants , like olive garden , plus their alfredo sauce is really good . my whole family likes it there . we have never had a bad experience , and most of their food is pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a membership here last summer and enjoy going here even though it is quite a drive for me from north peoria but it 's worth it . the climbing routes change frequently enough so that you 're never really bored , but routes are still around for a couple weeks or slightly longer so you have more than one chance to practice certain routes . often , my challenge is that i feel some climbs were designed for a taller climber 's reach , but it 's good because it forces me to work on my technique more . i love how the gym is so family friendly . it 's cute seeing kids climb like they were born to do it ! i think even as a adult , i find climbing so entertaining because it does feel like being a kid again ! the staff is super friendly and helpful and they are constantly on the floor checking on everyone if they need assistance . who could ask for more ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tips : $ 15 per person ( $ 32 after tax for 2 people ) check in on yelp for 20 % off ! -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - very nice place with many routes and a lot of staff to help you . there 's a quick informative video on all the rules which is great for a beginner like me . after the video you sign a waiver and you 're good to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love getting 20 % off with the yelp check in for my niece and also the student discounts for both of us . friendly knowledgable staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another groupon find ! i am deathly afraid of heights . i 'm serious ; just climbing on a chair makes me break out into a cold sweat . when i saw this offer on groupon i figured it was a nice to way to face my fears . it 's an indoor facility which is really big ! as a first timer , you sit through a 10 min video which shows you the basics of knot tying , and safety stuff , and then off you go . the staff member who initially helped us was super helpful . she saw my terror and was very patient with me-there are plenty of staff members around to help . there is a boulder section too for those who are far less fearful than me . i got a little more than halfway up so not too shabby for a chicken ! we went on a saturday afternoon , so it was pretty crowded , but still had plenty of spots to choose from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of pumpy overhung routes . love the yoga and fitness areas for cross-training . tons of bouldering routes . can sometimes be overrun with kids , but most often is chill . friendly staff . routes seem a bit easier than those at phoenix rock gym .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good vibes & good climbs . took me long enough to get here but i 'm sure i 'll be back ! last week i finally made it to az on the rocks with a childhood friend . i 've got some trust issues so i 'm all about the boulders . there are so many different options for less advanced to advanced climbers and tons of boulder space which is nice ! the staff was way friendly and the membership deal is worth looking into for sure ! i think that next time i 'll probably just join but hey , if you go and sign up on the day of your climb , they take your daily climbing fee off of the membership payment on the spot.. if this is confusing , just go in and ask the staff for yourself , trust me it 's worth it ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the bomb.com love rock climbing on their several walls ! great and friendly staff keep you safe and having fun ! if you need a great new alternative fun workout , az on the rocks is where it 's at", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great , went for the first time this past week and had a good time . the staff was very friendly and our guide did a good job explaining everything to us and showing us the ropes , i believe his name was nathaniel . the environment was was clean and lively with tons of climbers having a good time . ca n't wait to go back for some more climbing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it 's been a while since i 've been climbing and this place is a little more strict with rules but overall had a wonderful experience . clean , roomy , gym upstairs ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "az on the rocks provides great customer service , amazing variety and a lot of fun for all ages and skill levels . they really have done a magical job with setting up , differentiating and challenging their clientele . at az on the rocks , working out and being sore is inviting and far too easy to accomplish . i look forward to going back and highly recommend this place to avid rock climbers and beginners like myself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great climbing gym ! ! many routes of all difficulties and a variety of auto-belay routes for people like me who show up without climbing buddies . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! love the people , love the facility - only thing is that it can get really crowded on the weekends ( and smelly ! ) . but , everything is in good condition and it is a great place to climb - beginners to advanced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "azr is able to make working out fun ! ! ! it 's a great gym with good walls and good route setters ! be aware of the odd hours but overall great experiences with az on the rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to bring the whole family . wonder staff and very inviting even to the newest of climbers . the intro video could be re-done to emphasize critical safety features , over the existing advertisement of the gyms features .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indoor climbing in arizona ! ! love the people , the staff , the route setters ... it is all good at this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is probably my favorite place to spend my down time ! the staff is very friendly ! their manager michael , is always feet first with helping answering questions or when your rock climbing and pushing you to keep going . but what i have the most fun with is the ninja warrior class they hold tuesday 's and thursday 's ! steve and brandon are the instructors and push my boyfriend and i to our full potential everytime we go ! thank you az on the rocks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has done their spring and summer camps and just loves it . she wakes up each morning and bugs me till it is time to go . we stopped by and the coaches are awesome ... it is amazing to watch them cheer the little ones on as the climb to the top . we are looking forward to getting the whole family there as soon as summer is over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this gym twice now and i am really starting to get into climbing . i love their high ball bouldering problems , and the super high walls for top rope . another thing that makes azonr a great place to climb is because you can also do a solid work out afterwards with a full gym on the second floor . i can be a little crowded in the summer time but i guess that 's to be expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed climbing here . i was new to indoor climbing when i started at this location and the staff was good at teaching . now i still climb and love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in order to use the facilities , they make you sign a waiver saying that you agree to waive all liability , even if they are `` grossly negligent . '' that means that if they give you defective equipment and make no effort to check it , and you fall and break your neck or become a paraplegic , they owe you nothing . you do business with such an irresponsible company at your peril .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the instruction here is top notch and what a break from the heat ( and uv rats at midday ! ) my second visit and hope to become a regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "az on the rocks is an awesome place . i went about a month ago and had a blast ! the people there are so friendly and helpful . i cant wait to go back with my friends ! loved it ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a one of a kind , fun for the whole family type of place ! the staff are very kind , laid back , helpful . they really help teach you how to climb safely and then let you go to it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not crazy about az on the rocks . its an alright facility , but i do n't know the employees there kind of rubbed me the wrong way . i prefer the other rock climbing gyms i 've been to , but if this was the closets gym to me i 'd probably go there more frequently . one nice thing they do is send you a coupon for a free climbing around your birthday .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am by no means an expert climber but this is a great place for indoor climbing . i have been to other places before and like this one the best . the staff were super friendly and helpful- they not only were on stand by to help if you needed but they were also encouraging while you climbed and gave tips . there were a variety of different climbs , boulder stations and a tight rope . i would def come here again in the future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found out through my local homeschool group that they open az on the rocks occasionally for homeschool families . we had never tried any kind of rock climbing before so my 7 year old son and i headed over to check it out . we were very pleasantly surprised by what an awesome facility this is . first off , it 's huge . plenty of climbing space for a lot of people . second , the staff is amazing . everyone was friendly and incredibly helpful ! third , i want to thank az on the rocks for offering this affordable opportunity to homeschoolers . i have found many places charge a lot more for us than they would regular school groups and this makes it difficult for us to have field trips a lot of the time . not only is this a 'field trip ' but a great gym pe session and we all had a blast . we are all very much looking forward to the next time we get to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service from all staff members . we brought our four teenage children and they were so helpful with pointers and tricks . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a regular here at az on the rocks . i attend this gym for yoga . fabulous array of classes , teachers and styles . mary bruce is a fabulous teacher here , usually her classes are monday and wednesday at 9am for vinyasa flow . she is wonderful , one of the best teachers i 've experienced . az on the rocks has a wonderful studio room , upstairs , very quaint and quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "s\u00faper ricos los pollos muy recomendables ... est\u00e1n lejos de donde yo vivo , que si estuvieran m\u00e1s cerca los comprar\u00eda todos los d\u00edas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smelled good looked good . chicken doesnt have flavor . no lemons . hot sauce not even spicy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i loveeddddd their culichi style roasted chicken ! the salsas and side dishes were tasty and really highlighted the different style of cooking in sinaloa . sinaloa is known for their seafood dishes , but they should also be known for their fire roasted chicken and family meals . they give you a buzzer to let you know your order as the prepare your meal to go . it 's nice enjoying the view and sitting looking at the palm trees and hearing the norteno music from sinaloa playing gave an authentic feeling sitting along the side of the road and smelling the delicious scent of your chicken being prepared . if you are ever on the las vegas strip , i mean the northern part in north las vegas and want some great food , stop in for a second and enjoy the experience , everyone was so kind . puro culichi ! ! there is a restaurant next to it too , with sinaloa style cuisine but we did n't have time to check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place suck , always have to wait over 20 minutes for a small order , never have any chicken available . i have came three time figuring it would get better but same situation . very disappointed how can a place that sell only chicken run out in midday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "los mejores pollos de las vegas al carb\u00f3n la verdad son \u00fanicos el sabor incomparable siempre estar\u00e9 all\u00ed me encanta mucho gracias a pollos culiacan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "firstly , i want to say how much we had once enjoyed the great taste of pizza hut pizzas . although , for a pizza joint , they are extremely overpriced . to feed a family of four you are looking at spending between $ 30- $ 60 ; basically you could get better deals for pizza elsewhere . on our most recent visit , we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and pineapple . the order came with pepperoni and ham bits instead . we did n't realize the error until we arrived home . as a result of this error , we called the store to convey the error that was made ; the employees seemed disconcerned and resorted to blaming us , the customer , that we had made an ordering error . based on this experience , we decided that it was going to be our last time that we gave pizza hut any business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "warning ! ! ! stay clear of this location if you want quality food and service , they burn the food and ban you from receiving deliveries if you talk back to the driver when he swears at you . very rude poor service best to find another location or order somewhere else . management should be ashamed of the customer relationships and needs to take some courses in research and development . the customers pay your bills get a clue ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the price of the combo deal is consider very cheap . and fast deilevery . the pizza is not as good as you seat in to a pizza hut resturant . but i will try one more time from time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after watching ninja turtles , the craving for pizza arose . this place satisfied that craving - pizza was delicious . this is a takeout location , but they have a few chairs . employees seemed bored though , but it 's not a fancy restaurant and as long as the pizza is decent , i 'll return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we like eating pizza but what we got from this place was not pizza . the pizza had a disgusting flavour and bread sticks were n't puffy and there was n't any parmesan topping on them . the employee was rude and thought she was the best thing to happen to pizza since pepperoni . i would not suggest eating at this restaurant of you 're human . my dog was ok with it but even he did n't feel right after .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here periodically for about 5 years . up until this point all i 've done is mail letters or whatnot - but now recently i 've mailed some packages . one was a a v receiver . heavy , bulky , and electronic . i can pack a box , but getting it there in a crumpled mess is a different story . so i just took it in and told em where to send it . the bill was n't pretty , but i did n't expect it to be a coupon clipper deal either . with that said , the staff was pretty good to me . they sure took their time and made it right , especially with that receiver .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super helpful and they were able to get my wedding programs printed and folded the same day ! yay", "score": "5"}
{"review": "postnet is a terrific community-based printing and shipping house . the attention to detail is terrific and both fred and josh make sure you are happy with their work . they are conveniently located , quick and reasonable . i really enjoy working with them and love the final product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly owners ! very helpful . i stopped in to send a package and the service was great . good location too considering there are n't many places to ship in this area . will definitely visit again ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fred has been great . i 've been shipping quite a lot lately ; even though my $ 3.95 certified mail cost me over $ 7 ! i can see making a profit , but come on . now i 'm done using their services , the lady there is sneaky and rude . i asked for a piece of tape and she charged me $ 2 ( without telling me upfront ) for her tape services . i printed out a label ( .25 ) that now cost me $ 2 when she printed it out . not an honest business . i wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little goes a long way ... went in here to drop off a package it was n't taped up so the the nice gentleman said next time it needs to be taped shut otherwise it will be a dollar charge . i thought that was completely fair and could n't thank him enough . i will from now on use this place for any of my shipping needs . it was just for a dollar but that just shows you the kind of business this place is and for him not to charge me my first time in was awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice staff place is never packed - i get in and out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fred and josh have always delivered high quality print materials for my business . the design is great , the turn around is fast , and the price is wonderful . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "post net is the place to go for anything mail , print , copy , etc . the owners are so friendly and they made the mundane task of printing and copying such a pleasant experience . i could n't help but smile as fred , one of the owners , patiently worked with me while i was having difficulty being decisive . i found it refreshing to be able to be indecisive and not feel terribly uncomfortable for not getting it right the first time ... or the second ... or the third ; ) so much patience and kindness ! ! thank you for fueling the positivity in my day and adding lightness to my list of errands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with silver state golf carts . they have a great selection of new and used golf carts and were very friendly to work with . note that i showed up to their location at 4:45pm on a friday ... they close at 5pm . i did n't feel rushed at all and everyone was very pleasant even as the clock ticked away . i ended up purchasing a used utility cart that same day as i wanted to have something fun for my cupcake company staff at the las vegas foodiefest . the silver state golf carts staff went the extra mile to not only make sure the golf cart was cleaned and prepped for the wrap guys to modify , but also installed a rearview mirror and tossed in a few extras . they also took the time to step me thorough all the details in relation to operation and cleaning the batteries . they transported the cart for me up to the wrap modification guys and even extended my warranty . i will definitely be purchasing from them again : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "paid over $ 3000 and honestly worst customer service ( upcharge central ) and even worse repair work . shoddy work , could n't even properly secure bench seat to golf cart came undone after one day of getting back from the shop . do not use . beware of fake reviews below as well ! have a good day", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i got the full red carpet treatment at silver state golf carts . we were n't exactly sure what we wanted at first . so , they asked us questions about how and when we were planning to use our golf cart . they even asked us about children and other family and friends . this made us really focus on what we really hoped to get out of our cart . during the time we were there we really felt like vip customers . they took the time to match our needs to the perfect golf cart for us and then they even made sure we were set up for a home delivery . we could n't be more pleased with the service and with our new golf cart . now , my husband says this one his his alone and he will get me another one later on . lol he 's dreaming . this one is mine and so is the next one . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place by chance whilst on a road trip going from the u.s. to canada and what a find ! an unpretentious working class diner with very friendly staff serving no nonsense food . we had a huge plate of hash to share , toasted home made bread and muffins with local butter plus lashings of coffee , all for the ridiculous price of $ 7.82 ! ! still ca n't believe we 'd not , through a trick of the time space continuum , been beamed into the 60 's ! ! all time travellers please set your dials for filion 's diner ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped here for breakfast for a business trip . nobody was in the parking lot when we got there at 8am , but by the time we left the place had filled up . i do n't know what more you could ask for . good , friendly service ; low price , show up hungry because you get a lot of good food cooked well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum . seriously . look at the amount of fries you get with your burger ! filion 's had delicious food and plenty of options . definitely stop by if you 're passing through the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , big portions , low prices . what more could you want ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice hometown type dinner . amazing prices.. i enjoyed a grilled cheese with tomato and a bowl of soup for $ 4.00 ! great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great surprise to find on our drive home to vt from ottawa ! glad the restaurant we planned on stopping at was closed and we found this gem ! great food , super nice waitress , and very reasonably priced ! we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a solid diner in the north country . not too many good home cooking diners left , this is one of them . i challenge you to finish the potion of fresh cut french fries that they give . meatloaf is one of my favs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shaunz ! that 's what i like to yell at the top of the lungs every time i enter the miracle mile . shaunz is the bleeding edge of fashion . everyone knows that wide flare denim jeans require the widest of collars . you 'll be very pleased that shaunz certainly does not skimp on collar width ! the shirt patterns are crazy and fun ! there is even a button down with the entire las vegas strip skyline on it ! how vegas is that ? looks excellent worn over an affliction or ed hardy tee ! i honestly could n't keep the ladies off of me at the day club ... so i even wore my shirt in the pool ! ( would recommend wearing shirt in pool to reduce uv exposure ) . my only regret that there is n't a shaunz closer to me . i would probably try to move into a loft directly above it so i could rock a new shaunz fit everyday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shaunz sells the most unique shirts i have ever come across ! the staff , quality of clothing , and selection is incredible . thank you shaunz for selling shirts online now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shaunz is awesome ! we convinced our friend to stay by buying him a shirt here . gilda is amazing and helped us find the right shirt to make him stay one more night ! we love gilda !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place totally suprised me ! came in during wing crawl . i had been here years ago when it had another name . i just lumped it in with all the bud lt chugging tool bars ( mccarthys and johnny malloys ) so i never came back . the decor is cool..lotsa random , cool stuff up on shelves to look at ! i like thats its not trying to be all hip and sleek ( barf ) . the dude back by the wing station said he did all the art hanging on the walls . one was a bunch of beer labels..right up my alley ! the wings were good too ! i deffinately will stop back for a happy hour or somethin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the patio is awesome but the bartender blatantly ignored me twice to walk passed me to help guys that walked up to the bar after me . she spent more time flirting with them than even acknowledging me , nothing , just kept walking passed me until there was only me . this happened to me two of the three times i went there with different bartenders . overall place is nice , nothing special , but the patio is one of the nicer ones in lakewood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun dive bar that is good for watching games and hanging out . always an easy bar to walk into and not feel like an outcast . like this place a lot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "feel like i 'm home here . always a great time . nina is the best bartender ! tip her well . great menu choices as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far , i have only ever had an enjoyable time at this bar . the food is solid - fairly standard bar food but better than average . they have a nice beer selection and friendly staff . i like the decor a lot and usually find the crowd pretty nice , as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly staff ! food was very good and well priced . great outdoor patio and back bar . good spot to meet friends of possible love interest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here on the 4th and it was n't too busy , so not sure if this is the typical atmosphere . but definitely seems to be a good place to go if you want a low key bar to go to and just have a drink with friends . they did n't seem to have much of what we were looking to drink , i 'm not sure if that was this bar , or if its a cleveland thing . being from wisconsin with were just looking for southern comfort . but , the bar tender was very friendly and she made suggestions that were just as good . we came later in the day so the kitchen was closed , but will have to stop back to try the food . again , not sure if this is just a cleveland thing and i 'm not use to the cheaper drink prices , but our tab was cheap for everything we got . so definitely worth the trip if you just want a cost effective , low-key night out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the worst shit hole bar i have ever went to in my life . service is awful . we ordered food and waited an hr to find out they did n't even have the ingredients for items we ordered . no one even spoke to us about it they just ignored us . the staff are a bunch of drunk assholes . exempt for shannon she at least told us what was going on and refunded our money . overall if you want to go to a bar and never get served then come to this shit shack", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like trivia ? ? go see one of the smartest people i know host trivia monday night at booth 's ! win free pitchers of beer , gift cards and , of course , rich trivia cozies ' ! the gals behind the bar are great ; it 's a local-bar feel where you walk in and people know you by name ... i still think of booth 's as the drink ; either way , stop in ... you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered 2 drinks and the bartender lost my husband 's credit card . too much of a liability to ever go back , unfortunately . if you have cash , get the pulled chicken .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love booths . the food is some of the best lakewood has to offer . i love the pepper jack cheese bites and the peanut butter burger . the latter sounds weird but i would definitely recommend . the only bad thing is the service at times . they are always friendly but it can take way too long to get served even when it 's not very busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "feels like a family holiday gathering every time we go . staff always greet us like favorites . we order salads and burgers for eat in or take out at least once a week . my older `` kids '' love playing cards with rich on thursdays !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first ( and last ) time i came here , could not get the bartenders attention to save my life- . rude & bad staff", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big fan of booth 's , a nicer-than-most dive bar with plenty of seating & a great patio area when the weather 's nice ( though the tv set-up is less than ideal out there ) . drinks are inexpensive , the bartenders are friendly & attentive , & the clientele is varied , from local bros to weird townies . it 's a great place to catch a game & bask in that cleveland sports rush , good or bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good people , really great location , tasty food and a relaxed atmosphere . i do n't make it over often enough but am happy every time i do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great , they offer 4 different types of asian food : korean , japanese , chinese , or thai . so there is something here for you if you are craving asian food , or if you 're with a group that has mixed tastes when it comes to asian food . the service is fine , they are prompt and they get the job done . that 's usually what i say about asian customer service in restaurants . one small thing i did n't like is initially the host sat us at a table in a less than ideal area . there were plenty of other nice seats available , so this kind of annoyed me . the inside decor is nice , gives it a good feel . i recommend this place to anyone who likes asian food . derek", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for my mom 's birthday party . the place was very clean ( bathrooms included ) and the service was exceptional . the food here was really good , we shared 4 dishes - red dragon roll ( yum ! ) , house fried rice ( yum ! ) , sizzling meat tray ( omg - this was so good ! the meat was well marinated and tender - just watch out - it 's called `` sizzling '' for a reason hot ! ) and the chow mein . the restaurant has a `` high -end '' feel , but it 's inexpensive ( yah ! ) . it 's a nice place for a dinner out in the 'sauga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saturday afternoon , one server working with six tables full . a whole 10 minutes passed and we were not even offered water . can not comment on food because we walked out without being served . not happy with service . will not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've bee here a few times and everytime i 've been here the service has been fantastic , and the food is always great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there for dinner with 12 co-workers and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere , and a menu that had a huge ( overwhelming ? ! ) choice of asian cusines ( thai , japanese , chinese , malaysian ) . they handled our large group well and the food came out piping hot ( and spicy ! ) ... just how it should be . i 'd recommend the tom yum soup and green curry . the bento box that someone else ordered looked good too ( miso soup , salad , tempura , sashimi , sushi ) . i 'll try that the next time i 'm here : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thai green curry is one of the best i 've ever tried . thick consistency and simple . good amount of chicken . service is ok , too many menu items gets confusing . crispy mongolian beef is pretty good too . i go there almost monthly and they never disappoint with food quality . staff can be sub-par at times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not coming back ever ! ! ! ! i only gave two stars because the food was decent . however , our waiter was n't the best . i understand that there 's other people but there 's no reason for why you should lack in customer service . they did n't give us napkins and we did n't receive glasses of water for about 15 minutes . he did n't come check to see if we were ready to order either . we had to be the one to ask and get their attention . our food took much more time than it should have , especially since other people who got their food first and we were the ones who were there first . no one came to check on us or refilled our empty waters . and when we did ask for refills , he said `` wait '' who says that ? they also had no a c which made it uncomfortably hot . i would not come back here ever again ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like axia because of the diverse menu . all the dishes i 've tried are delicious . the one complaint i have is that depending on who is working , service can be poor . on more than one occasion i 've had to solicit a random server to attend to me at my table , where my server neglected to check on us ( as they should ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there once with a couple friends . one got sushi , i got the deep fried pork chops , and another got this shrimp curry business . it was awful . the service was slow , it was on the pricier side , and ultimately , the food was ghastly . overly salty , my pork was so greasy , the curry was so boring , and the sushi ... was below even ayce standards . and expectations were n't even high to begin with . i wo n't be going back . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service great , staff v. accommodating . nice place for an unplanned meal . food excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i love axia for when we want asian food . i love that i can order anything off of their menu and not worry about the quality or consistency of the food . the staff is always really friendly and accommodating ( whether dining in , taking out ir delivery ) . my favourite is the chicken pad thai and my husband loves the sushi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved my experience at axia . if you check in with yelp you get a free bbt drink . so make sure you do that ! i ordered the chilli chicken and it was so good ! the sauce was just right . spicy but not that spicy . the battered chicken was crispy . the bento combination for $ 20 is a good value too since the sushi quality is higher than other cheaper bento lunches . overall , you have to know what to order here when you come . with such a large and diverse menu , there will be dishes to avoid . my suggestion is to look at the pictures here and reviews and go with what has been said to be good . chilli chicken ahem . 4 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the prices are super cheap , and the meals are okay . nothing really stood out , and something seriously troubled my stomach ... .but ca n't entirely put blame on the restaurant . i do n't know if i 'd go out of my way to get eat here , but i would n't really turn down the offer to go either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant , the food is always good and service by linda is outstanding . i recommend the chow mein and the sushi , but all the food is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is unbelievable . my family and i come here almost every month . we have done so for the past 2-3 years . there is so much variety that you can always surprise yourself with a new dish . today , we tried the tempura cheesecake . it is wonderful . please try it with a little ice cream and whipped cream on top and when you lick your lips , here 's a toast from me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming to this place since it came into existence . it 's close to where i grew up , thus making dining here convenient . there are many options to choose from . i personally enjoy the malaysian curry and order it often . wish they were more generous with the shrimp but all in all , tastes great . sushi here is also good . normally , we order the 2 person boat and other dishes ( sweet and sour fish , curries , deluxe sushi rolls and salmon sashimi ) . bubble tea is hit or miss . rice tea is good . their alcoholic beverages are also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chefs seemed to have changed.. it 's not the same as before.. flavor has definitely decreased.. very disappointed.. why fix what was n't broken ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . their black dragon rolls are one of the best sushi i ever ate . their staff was also wonderful and kind . my server amy really made my experience enjoyable . i look forward to coming again . p.s their bubble tea was quite good but not as good as bubble tease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always think that great company calls for great food . ordered the cold crab salad sushi today for my six year old and was thoroughly impressed with it . chicken pad thai was also nice , lt was loaded with veggies though if that 's your thing . half price apps on mon-thurs until 6pm . rice was dry , and bbt was made with powder and tough tapioca 's . overall another decent experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place ! wide range selection of asian cuisine . my fav is green tea ice cream , deep fried spring rolls , gong chow beef ho fun ( flat brown noodle ) , and shrimp fried rice . i always get the same stuff every time i go there because i do n't completely like their menu . there 's something there for all tastes , check it out ! it 's a large restaurant with private tables and other tables in the open with tv 's in every corner . this place is my go to for take out and when i 'm shopping in the area . it 's a nice relaxing place with a so-so menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good service . excellent food when ordered spicy . try the malaysian curry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is top notch ! the service is amazing and we have our staff party here every year . we always make sure to request ricky as our server , he goes above and beyond in ensuring that his customers are happy and well served ! the sushi is high quality and the ambiance is beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered sushi there , a delivery . when i got em they were old , tasted terrible and not fresh . fish was even dried a little bit on corners . do n't buy there anything , it 's just not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent place for lunch . you can have your lunch for around $ 10 bit pricier than other asian lunch places but they serve thai chinese and japanese food and they also serve halal combos in lunch as well . portion are relatively large than regular lunch store you for lunch 2 people eat easily .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first observation : the exterior did not match with the interior . i thought i would be walking in to a contemporary , sleek interior but instead i got a dining area that reminded me of a mall food court . my group were seated in a narrow private room . it was stuffy even with the electric fan on . our waitress was clumsy and looked overwhelmed - at one point she walked away from our table in mid-sentence . i 'm not sure if i would eat sushi here again but their chinese food was quite delicious . axia restaurant made me realize that i 'm not really into asian fusion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was terrible and the service was just as bad . we ordered shrimp fried rice , shanghai noodles , red chicken curry and sushi rolls . the only good thing was the sushi rolls . please do n't get the shanghai noodles . its like eating rubber . we could n't eat any of it . our waitress had a poor attitude from the beginning and was clearly having a bad day . it was a terrible experience . avoid it if you can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a really nice looking restaurant with okay food . the ambience is lovely with light latterns hanging across the ceiling and spacious seating . the food was okay , not nearly as good as some other sushi places i 've been to however and the prices are quite high in comparison ( ie $ 20 for a dinner bento box ) . the portions are good though and i was only able to finish half of my bento box . i will likely come here again as it 's close to my boyfriend 's and explore other items on the menu : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been enjoying the food here for a couple of years . i have recently noticed they are using a great deal of sugar in all of their dishes . just a warning if you are diabetic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been wanting to try out this place for a long time and finally did this past weekend . the space inside belies it 's quiet exterior and the restaurant was packed . thankfully we had reserved our table in advance . it had a good staff to customer ratio and so service was good . the variety on the menu makes it difficult to choose . food portions enormous . so , unless you have an elephantine appetite , think twice before ordering appetizers before the entrees . but they let you take a doggie bag home so nothing is lost . our server was attentive and pleasing in her demeanour . overall experience was very good making a return visit to this place a worthwhile one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a couple times and can honestly say i love it . very friendly service and the food is very good . a little bit expensive but the portions are good sized . i even had some leftovers to take home . there is a patio but i havnt tried it ( only have gone in the cold ) . if you go be sure to leave room for the best desert : tampura cheesecake ! ! its a must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "axia used to be one of my family & i 's favourite places to go for dinner . the food was flavourful , cheap , filling and just overall delicious . however , they 've recently changed their recipes and our family was very disappointed with the results . the food is now very bland , and none of the dishes we ordered were any good at all . we are all very sad as we will not be returning until the recipes are changed once again , hopefully to what they originally were .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the sushi combination offers quite a large portion , nice environment , and excellent service from staff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered tom yum soup , not yum . chilli chicken quality not good and way too spicy . veg noodles , forget it . the veggies were super soggy . not too impressed overall .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great- if you know what to order . i personally think that the thai and malay food is the best here . i love ordering the satay skewers , the green curry , and the pad thai . japanese rolls here are good as well . look out for online gift-vouchers and save $ 20 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and great service . there 's a lot of variety in asian food and there are some good vegetarian options as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful ambience . excellent service . great portions and the food looked great . only problem - the beef teriyaki was too salty for my liking . my wife ordered the general tao chicken and felt the same way . surprising ! because this place generally excels in terms of food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't order sushi . my hubby got food poisoned after eating their sashimi . when we mentioned to them that the fish did not taste fresh , they did n't do anything to replace the order . i do n't think we will go back there anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our favourite restaurant . so many options , and you ca n't go wrong with whatever you choose ! our must-haves are black dragon rolls & thai green shrimp curry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is decent , i only go here because its close to my home . they have thai , chinese and japanese food . food is too sweet in general but still pretty decent", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an alright family restaurant with lots of varieties of westernized asian food . i had a few problems with some of the dishes . for instance the tomyum soup was really gross and the tomatoes in it tasted like they had gone bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "where else can i indulge my sushi and chinese craving simultaneously ? absolutely huge menu with quite the variety to satisfy the typical asian cravings . we ordered the makimono bento and salmon sashimi and chicken ho fun noodles . it was all ok and service was also friendly . no slamming of dishes or cutlery on the table here . be warned that the ho fun is not made from fresh rice noodles as is the case in real chinese restos . sushi rice was also way overcooked to point of mushiness .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is delicious ! i highly recommend their sushi rolls and salmon sashimi , some of the best i 've had . a bit pricey but worth a try . service is good- they move fast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "axis has quite a large menu with variety of foods . now i have not tried it all but from what i 've ordered i have not been disappointed . chicken chow mein , spicy salmon rolls , chicken pad thai , bento boxes , miso soup , chicken fried rice . all these dishes are packed with flavour and the portion size is great for what you pay for ! they have great daily lunch special options and the whole establishment is just decorated so nicely ! adds a great feel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for lunch and i ordered a chirashi lunch . not impressed with the price and portion size . $ 20 gets me only a 9 piece sashimi . the pieces were also cut unevenly . i would get a tiny piece here and there mixed with normal size pieces . not worth it . our waitress was also slow and did n't fill our water unless we asked . we always had to track her down . i also got mango bubble tea and it tasted like watered down sugar milk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited this place on a sunday evening . we arrived one hour before closing . we were n't greeted . a person behind the counter just told us to sit at an empty table by the door . a table which was n't even cleaned from the precious guests . we waited 5 minutes for a waiter to come . nobody showed up . we decided it was n't worth our time and money to eat here . so we just left . hope they learn how to treat their guests right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our server hanna is the reason for this update . excellent service , and food was very good ( avocado cucumber rolls , sweet potatoes rolls and okra chilli ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second time eating in , and i 've ordered once online . all three times i 've had sushi ... and all three times it was disappointing . the rice was warm , dry and overly sticky . the salmon was room temperature . the deep fried oreos were meh . i 've had much better . the waiter never asked if i wanted a refill on my pepsi , and only asked how the food was as i was paying . the only high point from the restaurant was the mango salad i ordered online previously . all and all , i 'd go somewhere else if you 're looking for sushi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "agree with most reviews on this place . food is good . atmosphere is great . service needs work . will visit again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we wanted to give axia another chance so we decided to go back . what a disappointment ! last time we ordered sushi and it was meh ... so we decided to try a bento box and chicken curry . the bento box was ok nothing crazy good and was not worth the 16 $ . for 8 $ more i highly recommend miga , probably the best bento box i ever had ! the chicken curry was average , nothing extraordinary ... anyways its probably the last time we will go ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here with a large group over the long weekend . the restaurant was busy but were able to accommodate our big party of 8 . our group ordered several dishes to share including sushi , hot and sour soup , deep fried soft shell crab , crispy chow mein , sizzling beef and shrimp . the service was outstanding considering how busy it was ( valentine 's day ) and the food was delicious . we love coming here not only for the great food and ambience but for the wide range of asian cuisine they offer . also , their wine selection is fantastic at a good price point with several options by the glass , not your typical asian restaurant selection : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loveee their sushi , especially the spicy california roll , spicy salmon roll , avocado & cucumber roll . did n't think id find a good sushi place in mississauga , but im glad i did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered off ubereats and i was sooo excited to finally try this place out but it was such a disappointment . the chow mien was so dry and the general tao chicken had too much artificial sauce on it . but oh man , the bubble tea ! how can bubble tea taste so bad ! ? i was extremely disappointed . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its more of a 3.5 to be honest . the sushi was pretty good but i wasnt the biggest fan of their service . only had the sushi cant comment on the rest of the menu . will most likely return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i liked the variety on the menu . the portions were generous ; we had plenty left over to take home . i saw almost every table had a take out bag when they were done . the meal option 'for one ' offered a lot of food for a good value versus even ordering just 2 items on their own from the menu . atmosphere is nice , though there are many light bulbs burned out that need replacing in the dining area , decor area and the bathroom . i found it a bit too dark in the evening . food did not come out together and some if us waited a long time , food was otherwise hot and tasty . i would come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my second time.. the only reason why i go here is that my girlfriend 's family lives very close by , to be honest that fried spring rolls was the worst i have ever had in toronto , it tasted like someone dropped the salt shaker on the spring rolls . sushi was mediocre but you could get the same for lesser in a lot of places..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "atmosphere was like a outdoors japanese like garden it was very pleasant . the food was delicious and big in size . my chicken bento box was too much for 1 meal . pad thai was also delicious and huge again . my friends self picked bento box ( $ 19 ) had 5 roll pieces stacked . i 've been to many japanese restaurants all over toronto and they all give like 3 tiny pieces . also got a free taro bubble tea with bubbles after checking in with yelp . tasted great as well the only negative was a little bit of a wait for our food but really was n't too unbearable . i 'd give it 4.5 stars will come back again for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my second visit here in as many weeks . first visit i thought i found my new goto asian place in mississauga so had to try again with the kids as they are the real picky ones . i am still impressed with this place and wish they has a location in markham . reasonable prices and great selection and flavour . both times the wait staff were efficient and attentive . food was hot and tasted great . my new goto spot for now when i am in the west and want asian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sizzling beef was absolutely disgusting it tastes like ketchup and bbq sauce its not good . the sushi is awesome the garlic pepper chicken is good ! fried rice also okay ... the mango salad and chicken is a 2 5 nothing special nice atmosphere , service is slow free bubble tea with check in does not include tapioca they charge extra for that ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had pretty low expectations for this pan-asian resto . despite the slow service , they let a group of 4 of us hang out for hours and slowly order our meals dish by dish . the food tasted better than i thought for something that really is fasian ( my term for fake asian ) food but the prices are n't horrible given how new the decor is and there 's plenty of space . it depends on the dish because i thought the mango salad was a sad array fruit with of lots of salt ( yes salt ! ) in it ! the best part was the free bubble tea when you check in on the yelp mobile app .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our go-to sushi place in mississauga . we absolutely love it here . and we 're here so often that the waitress calls out our order when we walk in , which makes it an even more personal experience . their salad rolls are absolutely amazing , combined with their spicy mayo . we get the bento box at lunch sometimes too , which i quite enjoy . i 'm not a huge fan of tempura , but the salad is really good . they also make really good bubble tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went today to axia it 's was my first time coming here and the service and stuff where amazing and the food is excellent and you need to try the beef teriyaki and i will come back to back here so high recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good variety on the menu decent pricing delicious food good service good ambience the food came out pretty fast the server was friendly & warm good restaurant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here after reading a few reviews to go for tempura in mississauga and i was definitely satisfied with the outcome . service was ok but food made up for the hectic surroundings . seating was second rate , casual and good for kids . all in all i would go back we both enjoyed the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here with a date and was very dissatisfied with the food . ambiance is nice . we were seated in a corner and were n't catered to . i think i 'll check another place for sushi instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sashimi was fresh . gyoza was dry . beef and broccoli was alright . the interior is a little tacky . the female bathroom had a strong sewage odour that made me gag . my fianc\u00e9 and i decided to try this restaurant again after 5 years from the first time we went and it was still below our expectations . i do not foresee another visit in the near future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am kind of confused at the low score this establishment has . when it comes to sushis , low main , pad thai , and asian apps , axia has it made . affordable prices with great big portions . their noodle and meat dishes are very tasty and their sushis are fresh and top notch . great ambience and lovely service . i 've been here numerous times and have never had a bad time , i always left satisfied . try this place out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered take-out from axia last night . i had tom yum soup , tempura shrimp bento box and a side of edamame . the food was okay . the gyoza in the bento box were probably the best part . i ordered the soup extra spicy and it was not spicy at all . i probably would n't order from here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite starbucks of all in the downtown area ! i usually go in the mornings and lucy is always so welcoming and happy which makes your visit a pleasant one . one of the things i enjoy is the fact that i can get a trenta green tea in the morning for $ 3 and then go in the afternoon for a refill for only .80 cents ! ! ! ! yeah it 's like the best deal while trying to keep cool in phx ! the line can be long at times but these ladies make it worth your time ! ! ! starbucks product without the commercialized feel to it ... win !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , so i broke my coffee pot and remembered the via packets . i do like to order a cafe americano , but need to keep the budget down . so , had the trial pack of via house blend instant coffee . great if you are mixing for iced coffee , it is a `` turkish '' grind so it will dissolve adequately in cold liquid . hot , trader joe 's instant is waaaayyy better -- -not so bitter and acidic as the via . who else would review instant coffee but me ? ? ? ? i should add that the 3 start are a combo of the 5 star employee 's help at the biltmore location minus the 2-if that star ( for cold iced coffee ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although this starbucks kiosk on the ground level of city hall does n't have the extensive food menu that other free standing starbucks stores might have , i still enjoy going to see paula and her team three to five times a week . it is a quick walk from where i work and they are always friendly and ready with suggestions when i feel like changing up my usual tall non-fat misto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i discovered this starbucks when the other starbucks over in cityscape was closed one morning due to an electrical fire . desperate for my fix , i yelped the downtown area and noticed another was apparently nearby . long story short , i 've made daily trips in here now and have n't looked back . this starbucks is fast compared to the other one , and they quickly learned what i like . my fave sbux downtown ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this starbucks is located in the lobby of the phoenix city hall building . paula , jen , betty and the other gals do a great job of greeting customers by name and making everyone feel welcome . on top of that , they make excellent coffee ! paula always has a smile on her beautiful face and really lights up the place ! jen is a barista 's barrista making precision , great tasting , properly brewed coffee sensations . be sure to ask paula for the maple oat nut scone she keeps behind the display case for her regulars ! i love this place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! best starbucks in az ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say about this fine service . hired daniel for my vrbo property and it was a sigh of relief . i am usually so overwhelmed having no background dealing with such services . daniel executed perfection . he knows his craft and has my business here on out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "daniel is one of the best pool guys in the city . he knows his business and his customer service is always top notch . he is very capable of repairs and maintenance and always on time . i have referred many friends to him and he will always have our business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an interesting mellow mushroom location ... their lobby looks like a movie theatre ... neat ! anyway , i came here with a group for lunch . they have decent lunch specials , an 8 inch pepperoni pizza for 5 $ ... not bad . the only thing that kinda sucks about their lunch specials is that they limit the toppings you can order to the mundane options . this is fairly unfortunate because if you would like any of their interesting pizza combinations they cost at least 12-13 $ ( only come in the larger size ) . the service was fine , but the food took a long time to come out . the pizza was fine , but nothing special . i would like to come back and try their regular pizza another time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time at this location . it was not very busy , but it was a monday . the inside of the restaurant is way cool . it has an old movie theme . the pizza dough is really good . i had the funky q chicken . it has a bbq sauce instead of pizza sauce.. i requested it without onions . what is cool about this place is that they offer gluten free and vegan free food . not many places do that . there is something for everyone such as wings , soups , sandwiches etc.. i was told they offer a groupon deal . my server asked me that before requesting my tab . they also have a check in offer at this location but it 's for salads only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "magical mystery tour pizza - absolutely awesome ! this outfit is a class act with the best zah and beer in the valley . the management is everywhere making the experience unforgetable . the manager is blake and what a hospitable host he was ! he 's determined that mm has no one above it for food , service , and fun ! i 'll be back soon ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't sit at the tables near the bathroom . too much traffic ! wings are amazeballz ! ! you have to have the beer cheese . and try a dirty campfire beverage . yum ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love mellow mushroom ! ! i always order a calzone . they are huge ! my favorite is the maui wowie calzone ( the maui wowie is actually a pizza , but i get it as a calzone ) . jerk chicken , bacon , pepperoncini ... . it has a bit of a bite ! it comes with pesto sauce and marinara . yummy . this place also has a great beer menu . for an app , order the spinach dip with pita ... in love with that creamy goodness ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuck ! went on valentine 's day . was given a bad table and the service was n't really good . i ordered a pizza with steak - it was n't that good . the plates had a strange damp smell and i started throwing up hours later . i am unsure if it was food poisoning or a fluke that i got a 24 hour tummy bug around the same time . i was n't happy when i left and will certainly never go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first thing i noticed is this restaurant seems to be having an identity crisis . from the outside it looks like they went to universal studios or mgm and robed one of the lots . it has the tongue-in-cheek psychedelic references , and then healthy options on the menu . i could n't determine what demographic they 're trying to reach , and i could n't understand what theme they 're trying to portray . the food was okay , a bit pricey for what i got . the bar area is beautiful , and the drinks are very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "100 brews on tap ! pizza smells amazing and clean although we are only sampling beer i already want to come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally decided to use one of the hundred coupons for this place . and i 'm glad i did . pizzas were different and delicious . i love the laid back atmosphere and the staff is great ! my server , joe , was fun and so great with my kids . i 'll come back . on a lesser note ... .the hummus and a chicken salad was just so-so . good thing the pizza makes up for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had heard good things about mellow mushroom , but my experience left much to be desired . we went on a saturday night around 7:15 with a party of 6 . the place was not busy at all , yet they seated us upstairs all by ourselves . it took forever to get our margaritas ( which were a steep $ 9.50 for a small glass mostly filled with ice ) . the bruschetta and artichoke dip were ok , but the pizza was horrible . we got the kosmic karma and there was sooooo much sauce , that 's all we tasted ... .and it was really expensive . i 've had better frozen pizzas for a fraction of the price . what a was of money . will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food - over priced fancy pizza ( sometimes too soggy ) great beer and always ice cold way way way to overpriced the staff always suck slow or on their phones to much only would come here when thats where the group wants to go", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been back a few more times and have always received excellent service and delicious food . always leave happy and looking forward to going back . i am always 100 % confident when recommending this to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i wanted was the nascar race ! ! ! pir ! they could not find it . ... . 4.95 a can of miller light ? really ? bar tender not helpful at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom and i had never been and were impressed with the friendly service and good food . not your traditional pizza experience , but great ! loved the philosophers pie ! the decor was different than we expected , but that added a little fun to the experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good no complaint there but 1 . i ordered a grateful dead & our waitress samantha & the bartender girl with black hair stuck a straw in the drink then tried it the drink ! then threw the straw away . at first i thought i was imagining things but my daughter saw it to & asked me did they just stick straws in your drink & then try it then throw them away . at least they did n't leave the straws in it or actually drink out of it ! i do n't know i think i was in shock but i managed to order food after this . 2 . service was slow & our dear waitress samantha did n't even ask if we wanted another drink we order 2 vegan style pizzas & a strawberry salad . my husband order the dudes chicken salad . like i said the food was good , just did n't appreciate having people dipping into my drink & then not coming around to see if we would 've liked to order more drinks or dessert .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza was great ! spinach salad advertised pecans - none appeared in the bowl . service was quite slow . the bill needed to go back 3x because of errors ... and it was n't because i was being picky , it was because of simple math errors ! i 'll go back for the food and beer selection however because it 's that good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here for my birthday and i was so disappointed ! the waiter was plain rude and disrespectful . he was bothered anytime i asked a question about the menu and even got so bad he started arguing loudly with me over the price of a beer . it was happy hour and did n't want to change the price of a beer to what it should have been . will never come again . do n't bother wasting your time on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised with the quality of pizza . very good dough . excellent sausage ( some of the best i 've had ) . and all around high quality , fresh toppings and good sauce . the decor is a little weird , but nice . has an old-school movie theater theme , which is great for kids , but seems like a waste of space and money to me . very nice indoor outdoor bar though . i say , definitely check it out , it 's worth a try if you like pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best happy hours around . all alcohol and apps are half off , and with over 40 beers it 's a great selection . a 20oz craft ipa is $ 3.75 ! ! ! happy hour 3-6 during the week and 10-close . pretty sure weekends are only 10-close . definitely worth a stop if you 're passing by and thirsty for great beers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this location twice . first visit hurt , pizza was very undercooked and service was just ok. we tried again , hey its close by and had luck at other locations . second visit was better by far . i 'd say first visit 1 star , second closer to 4 ... .we came during happy hour , good deals . wish you had more gf options for apps bc pizza was way better this last time . i did also ask for well done ... .might have helped .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very very spacious ... do n't think it can ever get crowded ; ) i ordered red headed step child and it was decent ... i can not compare it to the amazing cocktails i have across the west coast ... mediterranean pizza and chicken wings for food ... a very pleasant experience for a friday afternoon happy hour : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been in the restaurant industry for 10 years and i would n't normally write anything about a restaurant unless i found it necessary . the manager on duty friday october 16th was extremely unprofessional . he was groomed poorly with a noticeably greasy mullet . he began arguing with a server in a personal manner which seemed like they had a sexual relationship at work . he seemed to hang out in the corner of the restaurant and left the servers to fend for themselves when it became busy which seems to defeat the purpose of a manager . is it normal practice at mellow mushrooms to have such an unprofessional manager on duty ? if so , i will not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just ordered the gluten free pizza and it 's totally disgusting ! hard and barely even any toppings on it . i even paid for extra cheese and barely got any . i had it at the scottsdale location and it was sooo good there . i do n't know what the deal is with this location . what a waste of money . yuck ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "house special is my absolute favorite ! ! plus the pretzels with beer cheese are amazing . the staff is always super nice and i have never gotten bad service ! always an overall great experience . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i have never had better service the bartenders are amazing they have fenominal draft beers that you ca n't get anywhere else this place is amazing when u come here sit at the bar and ask for kelly and pj the best bartenders ever . if u have not been here u need to try it . i have never been anywhere better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took an hour and 20 minutes before everyone in our group of 18 got their food . i do not recommend for large groups . we made a reservation days before going and they had no idea we were coming and said they only had one cook .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rating based on service . walked in at 1030pm , was promptly sat . cool . waited 10 minutes , watched several waiters look at us and serve other patrons . left , and never coming back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here last night with a girlfriend and we were not too happy with our waiter . he was way too pushy and got out order wrong . we asked for an oil based pizza with salami and several types of cheese and one side with mushrooms . the only part of the pizza that was correct was the mushrooms . also he kept asking me if he could refill my smartwater bottle . that 's just weird ... . i like mellow mushroom , so i have to give it 4 stars but i will try to avoid this waiter or go to the mill location instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here today and the food was good , but the atmosphere was kind of disturbing disappointing . it was not busy at all for lunch time hours , it was us and maybe one other group of people . the hostess was not very welcoming or personable . the waiter was decent but his appearance was not very well put together . the most disturbing part was the music that was being played . it was as if someone had their own personal playlist going over the loud speakers . worst of all was the rap music ; do n't get me wrong i listen to rap music all the time but i do n't want to go into a restaurant and hear songs that talk about strippers , hoes , sh t , nig as and bit hes . totally inappropriate and unacceptable and it was kind of uncomfortable . was there no one in a management type position to regulate that ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's decent with cool themes at various locations . however , the gluten free and vegan options are pretty slim and pricey , esp for the size . they are open late which is nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice and both times the pizza and beer was great . neither time did i have to wait , even on a saturday night . they have an amazing selection of beer from all over and a good local variety as well . i 've only tried the pizza and both times had the same one that had a lot of the basic toppings on it . i have to rank this is some of the best pizza around . the ambience is a little blah , probably because it 's not been super busy when we 've been there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recommend the happy hour or reverse happy hour for drinks . the pretzel with beer cheese is also amazing . that 's about it though . service is meh . pizza meh . prices meh ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went for lunch today , at 11:30 when we were seated there was exactly zero customers and it stayed that way until 12:15 . i think i know why . place smelled weird like nasty vinegar combined with a frat house after a party . had wings and pizza , both were marginal at best and way overpriced . total ripoff ! service was pretty good but the overall concept is a bust imo . take my advice , find an alternative .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm giving 2 stars for the food ; 4 stars for the service ! my mint on the way out was the best part of my meal . i do n't get why people like the pizza here . we did n't care for it at all . it was very doughy and not enough sauce . it was very expensive - like $ 19 for a large ! the restaurant itself looked very nice and our server was helpful and gave us good service . we wo n't be back - the pizza just does n't taste good to us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "is it an acceptable policy that when you ask for the manager , that he can tell the waitress he is too busy to see you ? it is a sunday at 2:30 , which really is not that busy ! lots of empty seats here !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started with the `` pretzels '' and beer cheese - a-mazing - also got a half order of wings very tasty but not very hot ( temperature ) but delicious none the less . house calzone was fantastic - so full from the starters i have half to bring home ! overall great experience , friendly staff , delicious food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what the big hype is about mellow mushroom ... so far all 3 things i 've tried ( pretzels & beer cheese , spinach dip & meatball hoagie ) are crap ! no flavor , awful presentation . the only thing i 'll say is the atmosphere is nice , and our server is very attentive . other than that not impressed ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was good but the spinach salad i ordered sucked . i ordered the largest size and it was barely bigger than the small . spinach was wilted and not fresh . pizza did n't look much better . would not come back for food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service , was n't very busy and took over 10 mins to get someone to the table . after having to ask for water 3 times we gave up . oh and the servers did n't know anything about the beers they served .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we popped in for lunch while shopping last weekend and had a great experience . the server was friendly and prompt . three of us ordered salads and my fianc\u00e9 ordered the wings . the salads were amazing and i was very pleased to enjoy a free ceasar with the yelp check-in offer . i added chicken and it did not disappoint . my fianc\u00e9 really enjoyed his wings and i had took leftovers home . this place hits the spot for a reasonably priced lunch with a group .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "high food prices relative to what it is . the waiter i had took a long time to acknowledge me on a slow night . other better places to visit and spend money on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i thought the pizza was very good . i loved my fruity drink . the food came out fast , which is good since we were on our way to a movie . the server was very rushed and obly spent about 5 seconds with us at each interaction . overall it was a kid experience though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer selection and variety , in one word : wow . the food ; i enjoyed philosopher 's pie - steak meat , portobello , artichoke , garlic olive oil , feta and yummy greek salty olives . this was very yum and fresh ingredients worth the price . the dessert : i did n't try it yet but the picture of the brownie like cake with ice cream and chocolate on top makes me want to go back sooner rather than later . the ambience : i enjoyed the funky music playing . it was an interesting mix of all decades and some other traditional music mixed in . the service : wonderful , fast and friendly . i hope this place makes it , the happy hour seems an amazing deal too . this well could be my new hangout on the way home from work . the menu looks like you can just about try a new beer every week for a year or more and never have the same one twice . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very expense . the patio is so so . i was n't overly impressed however the food was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a groupon so we thought we 'd give it a try , not so much . the hoagie was soggy and sourdough was dry . the pizza was greasy and tasted like cafeteria food . the large salad was hardly large and expensive . my recommendation ... do n't stop here , it 's terrible if i could give them a negative star i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza was over-cooked . the toppings were very tasty and good quality but i only ate the top of the pizza because the bottom of the crust was so hard it hurt . the crust is my favorite part so i was really disappointed . . the wings were small and way-overpriced . soft drink prices were high . $ 14 for 4 soft drinks . the atmosphere was neat and the waiters were generally polite but never came back to refill our expensive sprites . party of 4- $ 80 for burnt pizza , inadequate wings and high priced soda . save $ and go to barro 's pizza . barro 's is well priced , better quality at a fraction of the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the one on mill ave. but i took my son to this one on his birthday . i checked in `` birthday lunch ! ! '' right when i got there which is how i know that we left after 12 minutes because a server never came over to take our order . we even waited a bit longer after someone ( a manager ? ) said they 'd find our server for us . nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "atmosphere was well done , good service but for a $ 20 medium pie there was no real wow factor , good but $ 20 good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was pretty good . the atmosphere was laid back and so was our waiter . he told us that the pizza is what is the most popular on their menu and to keep that in mind . i was n't anticipating ordering pizza but after hearing that i did . i liked how they have a gluten free section and that the pricing for the gluten free and non gluten free is the same . that never happens ! i was really impressed with that ! i also ordered bruschetta as an appetizer and that was just `` o.k . '' .the pizza was really good along with their fruit flavored beer ! i can see how this place picks up at night . they have lots of room and the decor is pretty cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the food but the service is lacking . we should not wait to be asked for drinks for over 6 minutes while wait staff is standing around . finally the very nice bartender came over and got our drinks and food out quickly . we have waited seriously 45 minutes for this same pizza .. caesar pizza before . the purpose of me writing this is to help the management notice that service is awful while the people atmosphere and food is great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loooove this place ! i do n't live near one but every time i am close - i have to stop . i even order out and drive this pizza 5 hours home ! i have always had excellent service and the food is just absolutely amazing . i have ordered it for company meetings and enjoy bringing friends & family here . everything is great ! happy hour is awesome ! fun guy pizza , greek salad , pretzels , bruschetta , capri salad , stuffed portobello - all fantastic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ridiculous amounts of quality brew on tap and bottles cans ... always a great idea for a lunch break ; ) . i 've had pizzas and sandwiches o ' plenty here and liking all of them when i get them ! service is generally quite fast and the wait staff are always efficient and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! i 've eaten here three times now and tried 3 different things and they were all terrific ! the lunch specials during the week are great and inexpensive ! the kids meals are terrific too ! my picky grandchild loved the meatballs and broccoli .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just tried to get seated and no one offered to check us in . they have been open for 45 minutes but said they were still setting up the restaurant . manager ( bald male ) or server came to the front and was rude , sarcastic , and unprofessional . we ended up leaving . poor service in the door !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clearly , i 'm in the minority , but i 'm struggling to find good things to say about my experience with this chain . we 've had several take out pizza orders and the latest was the worst . we ordered the caesar salad ( re : lettuce and croutons ) and marveled that they charged us as much for such . the pizza ( pepperoni and mushroom ) was remarkably average with lackluster sauce and ordinary crust . i wo n't be fooled again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing food ; amazing service ! they will make pretty much whatever pizza , calzone , and salad you want . i love bringing my friends here for happy hour or late nights to have a drink since they 're open until 2am everyday ! ! they even deliver and have to-go . love love love ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great happy hour deals ! my brother & i ate here on a monday night during happy hour & we 're totally happy with our bill . we ordered the spin dip , stuffed mushroom & bruschetta . all good choices . i recommend coming here for a late night bite , it will be worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the theme of this location . i was excited they built one closer to me than the one in tempe . i would recommend the kosmic karma pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the shiitake pizza pure heaven ! ! ! husband had the steak and cheese calzone and he was more than happy ! we will be back ! thanks groupon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor pizza , salad and meatballs sandwich . definitely italy has gone downhill over the last year . will not be returning . major dissappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay beer was cold i can say that after that i was somewhat taken back by the lack of a lunch crowd . i tried their small spinach salad i can say it did n't come close to the picture ( nice candied pecans abound ) not on this salad . okay here is the simplicity of the salad spinach , feta cheese , chopped candied pecans , dried cherries , cut apples - balsamic dressing ( you can do this at home ) . sat at the bar alone meaning the server taking care of the bar was working the floor friendly but not at the bar so my service suffered . really leaning on the not returning side of the fence . maybe if back in the area , really was n't a warm fuzzy feeling . did get a cold beer though ! sure a fancy place for very basic food at a price . no up selling not the best experience - so i would say try it and if it works for you great otherwise i did share my dime 's worth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh . who cares if the product is good when the service is lackadaisical and thoughtless . bad experience tonight , should 've gotten a lot more eager attention being one of the only parties in the place . sorry to disturb your `` mellow '' employees with our patronage . if you 're looking to be greeted and treated right i 'd suggest nello 's right down the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously the best pizza ! great lunch special too ! personal size pizza for $ 4.99 ! not too greasy and a great flavor ! the house salad dressing is awesome too ! great atmosphere with indoor and outdoor comfortable seating ! tons of beer on tap ! big screens for sports watching ! we will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best crust i 've had in a while . as far as the pizza itself goes it 's nothing to write home about but still good the extensive draft beer selection coupled with the welcoming atmosphere will make this a regular spot when me and my girlfriend move here next month", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome draft beer options . all natural food , no deep frying is also very nice . food was excellent . spinach artichoke dip and the thai dye pizza , both outstanding . service could have been better , was slow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always love coming here ! wish they had one in chandler but that 's just me wanting it all ! kosmic karma is definite favorite and so is the thai dye pizza . their crust is awesome ! their beer selection is great . happy hour is wonderful . ca n't complain at all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like happy hour and beer then this is the place to visit . open late for drinks and food , it 's the perfect place to have a drink with friends and blow off steam from work . go on tuesday or friday to have cody , the best bartender there and in general , make you a fantastic drink and have it served with a true smile . he will make your visit so memorable you will have to go back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great variety of pizza & beer . really good crust . lots of veggie options . happy hour 3-6p .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not rent from here . management does a poor job at communicating with their residents , the apartments are falling apart , and the rent is outrageous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst apartment i have ever been . i was on a budget so i had no choice but to choose this cheap and crappy apartment ( i thought it would be nice at the first time ) . then i was troubled by loud music at midnight . the apartment is not sound proof so i can hear everything from neighbor , and i can not even sleep ! there are some jerkass hanging out all the time , which made me extremely uncomfortable and feel unsafe ( police coming all the time ) . also , had my car vandalized , and i was confused since i 'm not driving a fancy car . the management is very rude and lazy , and you are not going to expect anything from them . anyway i will move out once my lease ends .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not move here ! i am a current resident here now . management is horrible , they probably do not even know the meaning of the word . no consideration at all . does n't fully know what is even happening on their own property .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not sign lease here ! ! ! ! ! ! i ca n't wait until my lease up ! the place is dirty . the laundry area , the pool , everything ! the pool is open about 1 4 of the year , which does not make sense at all ? they make up different excuses every weekend , yet somehow i 've never seen a single maintenance guy working on the pool ever ? the management staff is nice , but does not really give two shits about your wants or needs . they are just there to do a job . the area is sketch . police on property all the time , loud vehicles all hours of the night ! ! it is cheap - which i guess explains the people living here . there are plenty of other places that you can rent for around the same price with extremely better care ! stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this service was so horrific . i had to work while they moved me . when i got to my new location the huge boxes had my stuff thrown in it and the boxed were 100-150lbs . i had items stolen a tv broken and so on . they packed up everything and did the worst job i 've ever seen . i tried to file a claim for the stolen and broken items but i get a letter that said when they dropped off all my boxes i signed i had everything and it was all in good shape . how would i know that before i unpacked it all . the guys needed to go ... do not use these movers !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "using slater transfer & storage ( atlas van lines ) was a horrible decision . our movers came a day early . they were arguing the entire time at our house . four items were broken . on delivery day the nonsense continued . worst movers ever ! if you have the choice go with allied !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a terrible experience . everything was great until they got the business . the cost was significantly under estimated . the delivery of our furniture was 17 days later than requested . the men who delivered our things were not prepared and totally short handed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered takeout . delivered reasonably fast ( 25 minutes , 10 minutes ahead of estimate ) . order was accurate . food was hot . food was very good . hot & sour soup has a rich flavor and was nicely spiced , although could be hotter . shrimp egg rolls were moist , and the shrimp pieces large and de-veined . hot & spicy chicken also had a rich flavor , with plenty of meat balanced with onions , peppers and vegetables . could have been a little spicier though . ( suggest they ask your level of spice when ordering . ) i 'd say this is above average chinese food for the area , and a great value . looking forward to also trying the sushi . nice to have another good alternative to hong kong caf\u00e9 , which is where i usually eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is very good , menu is very extensive . despite online ordering , they ca n't get an order correct , and the delivery drivers act like the walking dead . here 's a lesson , guys , when i hand you money , including a nice tip , a smile , and a thank you , it 's ok to speak words . you do n't have to sulk away . really . people order delivery for the experience and service . it 's supposed to be pleasant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "big meh . this place 'll do in a pinch , and there are some popular rolls they do pretty well ( spicy tuna and salmon come to mind ) , but ultimately it 's cheap , mediocre sushi that you order because they deliver for a reasonable price and not because it 's really that good . avoid the gyoza -- it 's gummy and flavorless . choose the shumai instead . and certainly steer clear of the chinese food section of the menu unless you 're okay with eating a half-step up from mall-food-court-chinese . worst of all , though , last time we ordered from them , we got a yellowtail roll that had definitely begun to spoil . my boyfriend ate one piece , decided it tasted funny , and i smelled them and something was definitely off . thankfully he did n't get sick , but i doubt we 'll be ordering from them again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the most recent order i got from this place was actually horrible . the sushi was warmish ... which was weird . and it just tasted like rubber . meh !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i order from here on grubhub . the food is always excellent and huge portions . delivery is not as fast as i would like but the food usually arrives in 30-45 minutes and is always piping hot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . the portions are huge and the prices are n't bad at all . the food is great , i 've never been disappointed ( i always get the chicken moo shoo ) . the menu has something for everyone , and the delivery is really fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for thanksgiving as it was one of the few places open in town . i was a bit confused because it 's actually the same location as the edo japanese restaurant . they just make chinese food for takeout . but we ordered chinese food to eat at the restaurant anyway . the food was good and reasonably priced . the waitress was nice and chatted with us a little bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so this is chinese food when everyone is closed ... the delivery is slow and the driver is usually angry or annoyed when delivering and the food is so so . there are many better restaurants that serve chinese food but if you are up late and this is your last ditch effort , order and beware .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered shrimp w lobster sauce & chicken w pea-pods , order of crab ragoons and was to get one shrimp & one veggie egg roll. , order came in 30 minutes and got two pork rolls instead of what i ordered . taste - ehh , had better but it was n't greasy as other deliveries i have had . still looking for that place ... ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not shop here . bought a mattress and box spring and turned out to be a defective mattress . it was well within the warranty period and they refuse to replace it . they sent out a third party company to inspect it and told us there was nothing wrong . the pictures taken clearly show a spot in the mattress that had bad coils . take your money elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in the store and told them exactly what i wanted , the price range , literally i was there 10 minutes . they did n't try to sell me anything extra , they did n't push the more expensive items . i highly recommend best mattress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best nail salon i have ever been to . not the cheapest but a+ for perfection and cleanliness . the girls are always so nice and their colour selection is extensive . my pedicure and manicure lasted 2 weeks . i only had to go back because my nails were growing out the polish . if you have n't tried it you should . ask for joohee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to go to aphrodite 's other location at shops of don mills when i worked in the area . fast forward three years - i was grocery shopping and noticed that there was another aphrodite in leaside village . service is great ; staff all speak english to each other even though english is n't their native language . the salon is chic with a very fresh and modern look , just sitting and staring at the walls can be relaxing . prices are average - not too expensive , but not overly cheap as well . i still love nailsense , but if i ca n't get a mani-pedi-waxing in one go , i 'll check to see if aphrodite is available . good for : pampering , relaxing , hanging out with girlfriends", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a mani-pedi here a couple months ago , and only after receiving a terrible manicure at a different spot do i realize what a gem aphrodite is ! i got vinyllux nail polish which lasted a little over a week , but the person who shaped my nails did such an amazing job that my nails still looked good ( even without polish ) a few weeks later ! i wo n't bother with anywhere else from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this salon the thursday night before my wedding to get same gel nails and a pedicure done . my pedicure was not great at all and my nails were ok. to be honest i should have said something then and there . but i thought it would be okay . by friday morning two of my nails broke . which is crazy . i called them and the person i spoke with on the phone was apathetic and after arguing with them for what seemed like 15 min with out a solution . i hung up and went to a local place in my neighbourhood . they called . ack a number of times . but i did n't pick up . they even called my maid of honour and told her that because i was a nail biter that i did this myself , which is insane as i have only been to this place once . and regardless i am a grown woman and i would have not bitten my nails right off ! i do not recommend this place at all !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been coming to aphrodite in leaside since it opened , and i have to say - i have never loved a nail salon as much as this one ! the staff are always friendly and attentive , i have never had a problem with making an appointment , and the staff are always looking to make you happy . i even brought my massive bridal party here for our mani-pedi and everyone came out of the salon looking like a million bucks ! it is a little bit more expensive than other salons ( not a big difference ) but the quality , and cleanliness they deliver is well worth the couple extra dollars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "convenient to the new-ish longo 's in leaside . not the cheapest pedicure but not as expensive as upscale spas downtown . this was one of the most meticulous pedicures i 've had , including at more expensive places . cindy took her time to ensure the polish was applied perfectly . they have a fairly good selection of opi colours . time will tell how long this pedicure lasts , but i was very impressed on cindy 's attention to detail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never again ! ! the first time i came here the manicure and shellac job was n't the best job and she took forever ... i thought okay i 'll give them another try . today i asked for a manicure and pedicure . one girl was working on my feet and another on my hands but there was no water for my feet ! ! she took the polish off and started filing and cutting . i said `` what kind of pedicure is this ? '' she said you asked for polish change . i told her i definitely did not and after some fumbling she said she could do a pedicure . i was so pissed off at this point i did n't want to be there any longer than necessary . no apology from the incompetent women at the desk who screwed up in the first place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service at aphrodite nail and spa . i was a walking client who was greeted quickly and showing to my seat . ashley was my nail technician . he was courteous , friendly , and did a great job . the price was a little steep , $ 34 for a basic pedicure in but the service was so good i may be a repeat customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very rude and unprofessional staff , especially the manager . she always rushes through the appointment , is not attentive and makes mistakes . given her position , she needs an attitude adjustment . she should be fired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my go-to place for nails . highly recommend . clean , friendly and professional service . sunny is the best - great attention to detail and wonderful nail design !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after 7 days the polish on my pedi has chipped and peeled . my pedis typically last a month or more when done elsewhere . this validates for me that the quality of the pedi at aphrodite is n't worth it at any cost .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would not go back ! i asked for a massage they told me it was 70 $ and when i went to pay they said now that it was 80 $ . the service was rude . pedicure was just ok but overpriced . definitely wont be going back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place got a mani pedi and the price was n't too expensive . both lasted a week . the service was quick and the people were nice . not chatty but pleasant so you can do your own thing and relax . i enjoyed it a lot and will definitely go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't express how ecstatic i am after being treated by dr. mark emmerich for a ruptured disc that occurred after some heavy landscape work . dr. mark was able to use his flexion distraction table as well as other techniques to literally make my back pain free . it took about five months and was worth every visit . over six months later , i am still free of pain which at the time of the injury was excruciating and i was set to have a surgical consult but i am so grateful that this worked for me instead ! dr. mark is very calm and gentle which i very much appreciate . i never felt rushed and rarely had to wait long . i highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've seen dr. amanda on multiple occasions and am never disappointed ! she is super friendly and knowledgeable , listening well to what hurts and where . i have a lot of aches and pains from being a full-time graduate student , who spends much of her time stressing and slouching over a desk . dr. amanda 's adjustments have been so beneficial in decreasing the amount of tension-headaches i experience and i always feel like a weight has been lifted off of my entire body when i leave her office . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drive through is a little slow but that 's not uncommon for around here . i sometimes go through the drive through in the morning to grab some shooters for everyone at work . we really like the bacon , egg and cheese shooters . they are little and make you think that you are eating less of an unhealthy breakfast sandwich . so you feel pretty good about yourself to start the day . i noticed they had a taco salad for $ 3.99 on the menu and i just had to try it . i really liked it . it was the right size and price ! ! however , the chili here has a lot to be desired . i have had chili at steak n shake before and it was ok but here it was gross . it was really thick and chalky . like it was heated up many , many times . so do n't order the chili from this steak n shake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "boyfriend & i got 2 meals for $ 11 . that 's about all i can say about this place . the food is basically fast food diner style . i probably would only go here if i wanted to be waited on . or if i was 16 and wanted to go on a date ( there were several cute little couples here , on valentines day ! ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is not speedy . i would not know how their food is . since i waited in line to be seated twice . stood at the cash register and even sat myself at the counter . in several failed attempts to order some burgers . never did get to eat . but lots of other people got seated and served food . who came in after me . oh well ! who needs lunch ... anyways .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited 20 minutes , apparently on fries . all tables that came in after got their food first , with fries . but at least we got our bill , yet again , before our food . at least 6 staff , manager included , just standing around . left without food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped here on our way to a spring break trip . the girl at the register was very unfriendly . the milkshakes were runny and definitely not up to the billing they have . tables were all dirty . would n't stop again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "back in the 60 's and early 70 's this was `` the '' place to cruise when i lived in champaign after reading the reviews it looks like the place has gone to crap.i used to love the chili 3 way and a steak burger , i stopped in at the steak n shake in memphis , tn on the way to visit wife 's relations it also sucked , flavor was mediocre and the portions undersized for the price and the car hops are gone.i was wanting to stop in when my 50th class reunion comes up next year in my '54 ford just like old times , guess i 'll stay in phoenix and go to culvers or freddies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of steak n shake 's happy hour which is from 2-4 am and pm on weekdays . they have half price shakes and drinks , which is a really good deal . unfortunately , this particular steak n shake ca n't make a good milkshake . they always taste odd here ( too much syrup or poorly blended ? ) . i 've been here at least 3 times , and they 're always bad . so , now to satisfy my cravings i tend to drive up to the prospect one . the food , on the other hand , is usually about your average steak n shake fare , so long as you stay away from the shakes , you might enjoy your experience ( but who really would want to go to steak n shake and not get a shake ? ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is on-par with other steak & shakes in central il . this review is not about the food . its about the service . i would chose any other steak & shake in the area than this one . they are always crowded , under-staffed and slow . the seating is strange , too many 2 top tables that they do n't use for 2 people ... the wait staff seems to be overworked or under-managed most of the time . always waiting to be seated , waiting ... for food or shakes , waiting to get the bill , waiting at the front to pay . its a pain in the neck and i love the food so i deal with it , but i hate this particular restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will avoid this place at all costs , but sometime it 's the only thing open late at night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , the mint oreo milkshake , the apple cranberry salad , and the chili mac blew my mind . my boyfriend and i shared all three and it was the perfect amount of food . i wish there was a steak n ' shake in california ! ! our server was extremely helpful and prompt . we were in and out within 45 minutes , and it did not take long for the food to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liam is the best waiter hands down . he was so nice to me and my table , and made our meal as well as experience so enjoyable ! # giveliamaraise", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this location for the first time in a long time because a friend and i were hungry and it was real late . kudos to any food establishment thats open 24 7 and they get a star for that in an of itself . our server was friendly enough although it was kind of a long wait to be seated . the place was packed with what i think was high school kids and they had like 2 people working the entire floor so i blame management on that . aside from the fries and shake , the burger i got tasted like it had been in the microwave since vietnam , after having the beef shipped from somalia . it was a horrible sandwich and i felt sorry for the poor cow that had to give its life to be turned into whatever the hell they tried to serve me . its sad because i remembered liking steak n shakes food . maybe this was an off night for the cooks ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love steak and shake . i loved it in sc ( until the only one within a 70 mile radius closed ) and i love it here . where do you go when you 're up late working on engineering homework and the cafes are closed but you need sustenance ? steak and shake ! where do you go after the bars when you 're hungry but not quite drunk enough for merry ann 's ? steak and shake ! the food is a little more expensive , but it 's tasty and the place is clean . the waiters are very friendly and accommodating . also , if you go at the right time , you can see what not having a waffle house can do to a town ( steak and shake kind of catches crazy people ) ! ps they will put hot fudge on your milkshake.. what else can a girl want ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my children love sns so we have made several trips here . our service has always been pretty good . we 've only had a negative experience once , and our server brought it to the manager 's attention without our asking which was nice . the manager was very nice and apologetic over the length of time it took to receive a 3 stack of pancakes ( 60 mins ) . and comp 'd our entire meal . i do n't know if anyone goes to sns with high expectations , but it 's always been average or slightly above for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "steak 'n shake is literally the best bang for your buck . you can not go wrong , even when the service is mediocre . the food is delicious . would recommend to anyone coming back from africa , or abroad . bon appetite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come fairly often with grandchildren and they always like it . they 're young and enjoy coloring as they await their meals . the hats for the kids are fun along with the cardboard cars they enjoy assembling . the milk shakes are always great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place us worth coming to just for the shakes . my favorite is the mocha shake . the servers at night are over-worked and the wait time for shakes can be long if you are in a big group . that being said the shake us worth the wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome malts , shoestring french fries and burgers . have to make a pilgrimage whenever i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "growing up in the home town of steak n shake , i 've got high standards . this location does n't come close . the staff had always been fairly helpful ( i always do takeout ) but the food is so poor ! frisco melt is always more bread , less meat , cheese and sauce . huge let down . fries are always kind of soggy . shakes a little un-mixed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "customer service always sucks here . matter of fact , it sucks at all of the locations in champaign urbana . i like the food which is the only reason i continue to come to any of the steak 'n shakes this location has decent parking at least . you do n't have to worry about people crashing into you like on prospect ave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are pet friendly ! ! ! ! ! ! when no one in vegas would take me and my four legged companion ... . super 8 motel did . when every hotel on the strip was booked solid on 4th of july , ( because someone decided she might want to spend the night as she was passing through ) ... . super 8 motel had one room left with a big sign that read `` no pets '' but they gave it to me and my pet anyway . their customer service in person and on the phone was outstanding ! yeah their rooms are your average motel rooms , no frills , no bells but clean and under 100 bucks . if you compare them to some of the 5 star hotels , they probably do n't add up ... and if you 're on some romantic get-a-way this is n't the place to stay ... but if you 're traveling cross country with your furry best friend and need a place to crash for a night ... .this is a great place to stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dirty , nasty , scary . if you enjoy grey towels , mystery hairs in a `` clean '' shower , curtain rod falling out of the wall , mysterious blood stains on the walls , carpet not vacuumed , dirt , sunflower seeds , candy wrappers , mystery hair on the telephone , gap between the wall and the floor ( open space ) , linens made me itch , a c loud , charged $ 5 for the microwave and $ 5 for the fridge . i took photos . wo n't stay there ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i rarely give a bad review but this place was beyond terrible , we ended up leaving to drive home because we could not stay here . our curtains were ripped half open so everyone could see inside when they walked by ( we were right next to the stairs so a lot of people were walking by ) . this is so dangerous because everyone can see all my belongings . i could n't change in the room or everyone would see . the toilet paper was half used , the floors were sticky , there were stains everywhere . i lifted up the old top blanket and there was an old fuzzy one underneath and i thought that it could n't be sanitary so i smacked it and a big puff of dust came flying into the air . that 's when i knew we had to leave . the towels did n't even smell like bleach . what a dive , not even sure if they have a housekeeper .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the nicer super 8 motels i 've stayed in.. not much far off the luxor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it gets a four out of five as far as motels are concerned . it 's not the hilton , but it 's a step up from the local inn . the rooms were n't half bad in all honesty . what you 'd expect and maybe even a little more . i was recently put up in a room there that had a kitchen and little seating area . smelled a little funny , but like i stated earlier , motel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worthless hotel . rooms are not bright , no light , no fridge , no microwave . dark all the room . do not waste money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well you get what you pay for . breakfast was very cheap but it 's food . the room was comfortable though . nicely new paint it looked like 1 king size bed , and above is a picture of vegas . it was well furnished had a table and desk . the carpet was old though you can tell . well lit as well . upon arriving though had some construction ( not the hotels fault ) but being next to the base you will get loud jets occasionally . staff was definitely friendly . plenty of parking spaces . overall it 's decent for a cheap stay somewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the front desk staffs were really helpful and nice but i noticed a lot of bed bug bites before we left our hotel", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really bad hotel and really bad . only one greying small towel i guess they expect sharing between you and the floor that had no rugs . they did give us 2 regular and 2 face towels after i complained . a analog tv and keurig coffeemaker is all you get . curtains were ripped and carpet looks like a pornographic staging place . dont go here . shame super8 for keeping this place running . about 10 miles from the strip . plus for abundant parking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i knew to keep my expectations low . i just needed a place for the night that had accessible laundry . this place is a one star but the staff is great so i gave them two . the problem is n't necessarily the hotel it 's the clientele it attracts . do n't take my word for it.. see for yourself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a small place , but good if your on a budget . the room is clean and mainly built for one person . two if your both okay with a studio sized room .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your typical super 8 , only with less towels . it had all the most basic needs , beds , coffee maker , tv . it 's about what i expected when i booked it . the gal who checked me in did not speak english . there is a small pool , but i 'm unsure of the cleanliness of it . the room was clean and the ac worked . no one delivers here fyi so you 'll be making at least a short trip for evening munchies .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't do it . i 'm not sure why we stayed except that it was the end of a 8hr drive and our 7th day on the road . we did n't have the energy to switch hotels once we were in the room . once the lights are on , there were plenty of carpet stains . searching for a electric socket there was 6mo . of wrappers and dust behind the bed stands . we heard everything our neighbors did said as well as the parking lot noise . a lot of the customers appeared to be long term stays . bathroom , not too clean . pros : it was cheap ; cheapest on our entire 2.5wk trip . however , we learned our lesson and will be much more careful in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they really need to clean the rooms better . they have made some improvements but they need to continue . the bathroom sink and tub drained slow . the shower curtain needs to be replaced . they need to get rid of the dated bedspreads . they give a list of they they will change you for . i did n't have iron or ironing board in the room .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cons- room 229- a c unit sounded like a tank and knocked louder than hell . i booked on price line.com because of the `` pet friendly '' rating . when i checked in , the front desk told me it was a $ 15 per night , per pet deposit ! nothing about that on the website . lots of seedy looking characters walking around at night . only one towel provided , and told `` we do n't have enough linen '' to give extra , or a pillow . wifi connection sucks , and is super slow . pros- cheap . lots of parking . room was pretty clean .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omg i 've stayed at cheaper motels and slept better ! the staff is very friendly and sweet at the desk , but the rooms are beyond disgusting ... . there were huge conventions and all the hotels on the strip were way higher than we wanted to spend ... .so we were ok with being a bit father out but boy was this a mistake . i waited to shower til the next day when we checked in at mandalay bay , we wanted to get in town a day early and that was not the smartest decision we 've ever made ... . so gross ... .i did n't even change in to pjs and i did n't even want to put my head down on that bed ... .for a chain ... .you 'd think they would take better care of the rooms and clean the rooms ... . do not stay here ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst place i have ever stayed . felt dirty . our non-smoking room had clearly been smoked in ... several times . would have gone somewhere else but we prepaid and had already driven 10 hours . just do n't .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so many bad things , i ca n't even think of where to start . the girl at the front desk seemed nice enough to start with , but everything changed after we got to our first room . the room was a total mess : bed sheets tossed around , trash on the floor , and cash sitting on the desk . i went back to the front desk and told her that our room was n't clean , no apologies from her just a second room key . room # 2 : air conditioner broken , ants in the bathroom , and no towels . front desk reaction : `` what 's the matter now ? '' . room # 3 was the best of the worst , so we stuck with it . the decision to stay at this location was called into question at 2:30am when there were loud noises outside of our door and who is there ? the front desk girl chatting with some guy . horrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's ok for what you pay for . not great , but ok . i paid $ 60 for 1 night . it is 14 miles away from the strip . pick a cheaper hotel on the strip like circus circus or excalibur . it 's more expensive by $ 10 or less , plus resort fee . but it 'll definitely be worth it ! breakfast : there were bread slices and waffles you could toast . there were butter , maple syrup and grape jam packets . there also were frosted cornflakes and hot drinks . i 've had better breakfast , but it was still something . the room was small but clean . the ac did n't cool nor heat , and the tv was n't working . the ceiling light was very dim and orange too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm somewhat ashamed to have duchess status here , but sometimes , clean eating goes out the window and i just want onion rings with zesty sauce . clean . friendly staff . not always quick service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best burger king i have gone to . i visit this location once every couple months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely a fun scene . girls in bikinis , nice weather , great club music with better and better dj 's every time . here 's my problem.. i got a cabana for a group of friends . i was told $ 650 minimum which was n't a problem..the menu said a bottle of grey goose was $ 325 so i told our gorgeous server that two bottles would do it . many drinks and dances later , long after `` scottsdale delirium '' had set in , i am presented with a bill for over $ 900 and added a gratuity making it over a grand . on the bill it said a bottle of goose was over $ 400.. i was n't sure what was going on and not wanting to make a scene after a fun day , i signed and left with a bitter taste in my mouth.. it 's a good club in a great area but since when is treating a repeat vip cabana customer like that a good idea ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "run by scumbags . if you contact a promoter to get on the guestlist the doormen pretend that they do n't know who that promoter is . huge line outside 1+ hour wait and the club is completely empty . they are just trying to hype it up and make people want to pay $ 10 to come here . that seriously killed everyone 's buzz . ended up ditching the line and cover charge for no line and no cover charge at axis and had a great time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible bottle service , disrespectful staff , and way too crowded . one star for the way the place looks for their service . that concludes that", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i could give this place less than one star . they discriminate at their day parties based on what you look like ( not according to dress code , but based on weight , etc . ) and even when willing to pay full cover , the security guard did not let us in . incredibly rude , not to mention that they could have a law suit on their hands if not careful . i will never be back and will be telling all of my friends about their horrible customer service and overall douchey-ness .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "charged cover for a club that had absolutely no line & no ppl dancing inside . the dance floors were completely empty . why charge for that experience ? oh & the exit doors lead to the dumpsters . makes you feel like you 're being taken out the back like a bag of trash . not such a classy move for a club that claims to be on the high end of the bar scene .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paid hundreds of dollars to have a vip section . friend took a nap in the booth which resulted in us getting kicked out . security was n't too great . random people kept coming in our section .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i attended maya opening weekend for calvin harris . very impressed with the space , layout and design . much cleaner and more appealing than other pool bars clubs in the area . i have also been there at night and was just as impressed . one of the better nightlife destinations in scottsdale . well staffed and maintained .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new years eve dance party ! ! ! the club has an awesome atmosphere attracting an astounding group of extravagance . whatever that means ... . the drinks are way expensive , but what do i expect from such an upscale establishment . th dj 's mix up that beat with the light romantic . dance floor was packed to the brim and i could n't escape for sometime , which was fine by me , cause i had all the fine ladies by me . there really is n't a place to just sit down but why would i want to when i can dance . the music was overly loud . i could n't say but hi to people . having a conversation is not going to happen . all in all it was fun as hell . congratulations maya ! ! ! ! 2014 here we go ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well what to say about this place ? it 's trying to be like a vegas pool party venue but nothing compares to vegas . definitely a 30 and under crowd and it is rowdy . definitely plan on seeing some drunk drama if you come for a visit . the security did a great job in keeping that in check . the layout is great and worthwhile to people watch . the dj was good . if you want a taste of debauchery scottsdale style , come here on a saturday day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you need better bartenders and djs ! i was so disappointed when i bought an amf for $ 15 ! and saw the girl give me a mediocre soda and syrup mix with nothing else but tequila , how sad . and the music was so bad no one was dancing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow this place is piss poorly ran , from the security to the bar . tried to get a table but they said one of our friends looked dazed . we waited in line and finally got in only after the security talked shit and harassed everyone because the girls were from mexico and did n't want to speak english to him . which should n't be a problem if they have i.d . and we not intoxicated . after we got in the place was packed and could barely get drinks . the floor was also sticky and the bathrooms were trashed . yeaaaa real nice upscale place you guys run ; ) not going back unless to spit on the building and talk shit to the bouncers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , since it was a new club it looked like a good place to check out . we got in line and ended up waiting an hour before we just decided to move somewhere else ( along with another big group of people ) . what a total waste of time . from what i can tell , the club was definitely not packed , so that was not the issue . they were just trying to milk other customers for more entrance fees before they let larger crowds in . do n't waste your time here , unless you want to wait in line for over 2 hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after spending $ 800 at my cabana and then deciding to go the bar ... do n't go to the bar and tell the cute bartender that he 's hot ... he 'll just look at you , tell you to `` chill the fuck out '' , and ignore your ass while serving no one else . i bartend for a living ... that 's the rudest thing to do to anyone , especially someone from the service industry . that 's his job , to please his customers ... my cocktail waitress was absolutely fabulous but the bartender was one of the rudest bartenders i have ever come across in my life ! ! ! smh . maya , shape up . do n't let your staff get away with bullshit . they reflect your establishment ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pros : i always have a blast here ! their music is my favorite out of all the clubs in the area . con : the bouncers are usually total dicks on power trips . if you go with guys , good luck getting in if you do n't have a table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have gone to other acupuncturists in the past and i found that rose is the best . she has helped me improve my overall health as well as treat my various issues related to skin , digestion , muscle pain and headaches . she tailor fit the treatments to address my concerns . i initially started with consecutive treatments and i quickly felt the improvements . now i just go for `` maintenance '' ( i.e . once every month or 2 months ) . rose is knowledgeable , professional and caring . she also does very good massages . i 've recommended her to a number of my friends too - good value and results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pain in my neck and shoulders had lasted for very long time before i got the acupuncture treatment by rose . after the first treatment 10 months ago , the pain relieved to a great extend . i kept going there once a week for the first couple of month to because i 'm using too much laptop every day , which increases the stress to my neck and shoulders . rose 's acupuncture treatment kept my neck in a much more better condition than before for about a week . after about ten treatment , i felt 90 % of the pain in my neck has gone and i reduce the frequency to get the treatment to once 2 to 3 weeks unless i use laptop too heavily some time . i also tried massage before to reduce the pain , however , acupuncture by rose is the most effective treatment to relieve the chronic pain in my neck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good value for massage and acupuncture . rose also genuinely cares for her clients ' well being .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a plantar fasciitis , spur heel and etc and pain is unbearable ... found rose here on yelp and everyone 's reviews convinced me to go and give it a try.. i have to be honest she is amazing and after 2 sessions i felt better , less pain and not only that it helped me sleep like a baby but gave me the peace of mind that if you search for it you will find it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked adam - he 's a real charming guy and his shop is really cool . but he gave me a crappy haircut , and he did the same thing to my friend ! i told him i wanted it trimmed all around , not too short on the back , and not too long on top . well , he gave me a classic hipster haircut - super short on the back and super long on top . exactly what i did n't want .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the lone men 's barbershop in a sea of shadyside salons . you can get a great men 's cut at a reasonable price ( $ 15 ) . the shop has a real cool vibe and adam ( owner barber ) keeps good tunes flowing . straight razor shaves are offered as well . it 's located in a garage behind pizza perfecta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great looking shop , and adam seems like a nice guy . i liked the cut i got , but i 'm not very picky . from my experience , and everything i 've heard seen though , if you do n't want an undercut , you should consider looking elsewhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got a great haircut here for a great price . there is a huge difference between a barber and a place that cuts hair . i would suggest this to any guy who wants a great haircut . old school meets new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally someone that can make me look like a decent human ! adam is the best . plus complimentary refreshments , good music and conversation . killer a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to adam for almost a year now . he is professional , reliable , a pleasure to talk to , and supremely talented as a barber . by far the best barber in pittsburgh in my opinion . could not recommend him more highly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid haircut for a solid price ( $ 15 ) . also the only place in pittsburgh where you can get a haircut in an upscale garage while listening to jazz . cash only , contrary to the yelp page", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shadyside area is filled with expensive salons which cater mostly to the ladies . alder street barber is a throwback to the classic barber shop . no appointment needed . just show up and get a cut . adam does a great job of giving you exactly what you want . the atmosphere is relaxed and the other customers i have encountered have been outgoing and friendly . this is the kind of place where you can hang out and shoot the breeze while waiting your turn . the price is over half what i usually pay in shadyside and the best part is i can swing by , get a haircut , and be out the door in 20 minutes . very glad i found this place . alder street barber fills a much needed niche in shadyside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can proudly say that i was adams first mullet cut . i do n't know if it was the metallica playing that made it more authentic but he did an awesome job . definitely recommend getting a cut here if you want a fresh , new look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to adam since day one but finally got around to writing a review . he 's a super talented barber and has a great little shop . cool , friendly vibes and you 'll walk out looking better than you were before . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after couple of barber shops that i tried , alder is the best ! very friendly and professional . clean and nice place with cool music !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the very few reviews i have ever written on yelp ! , but after getting my haircut at adam 's shop for the last couple of months i had to post one . this is by far the coolest barber shop i have ever been too , and it has top quality . it truly adds to the character of shadyside . adam does a fantastic job and really establishes rapport with his customer . he does a great job making sure it 's exactly how you wanted and shows he appreciates your business . if you have n't gotten your hair cut here , you probably should give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove across the city based on yelpers reviews . they were closed , 3:30pm on a tuesday . they list hours as 11-7 on tuesdays . i guess they went out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the better haircuts i have got in a long time at a reasonable price . recommending this place to all my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great barber shop . really relaxed atmosphere . very reasonably priced and adam definitely knows what he 's doing . great rapport with customers . always satisfied with my haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible barbering . barbering is all about precision , but the sides of my head is literally w-shaped . very sloppy . dude is a chill and likeable guy , but the cut is far from desirable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i started coming here when the moved from nyc about a year ago . i 've gotten consistently good haircuts at a more-than-fair price every time . adam is super laid-back and interesting to talk to . try to be on time as he is appointment only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about alder street is awesome . the atmosphere of the shop is very chill and laid back . the haircut was exactly what i asked for . could n't be more satisfied ... ..definitely going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first cut from adam and will be going back . he did a great job and is super easy going . price is right , cut is great and it 's quick without being rushed . it 's in a cool little spot too being right off highland . definitely give his shop a visit if you need tight haircut , could n't recommend more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to the area and searched for a place to get a haircut on google maps . i got a sweet cut for a great price . definitely recommend this place to all guys looking a good value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to see a place like this in the city . i lived for years in santa fe , san fran and grew up in miami and this place would fit right in any one of those places - but it 's in pittsburgh , not there . it is one of those places that make pittsburgh a special place . oh , btw i got a perfect haircut on top of it all . will be back . thanks adam !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't think twice before getting your hairs done at adam 's studio . the guy is highly skilled and a master at his profession . i went to him last week to get a hair cut and when i walked out after half an hour , i promised myself to not go to any other place for the haircut as long as i am in pittsburgh . cool guy with friendly attitude towards anyone who walks in to his nice little perfect studio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam is the best ! i have known him a very long time and sent my boyfriend to see him at the shop . he loves it and has recommended it to all of his friends . the spot is relaxing and stylish and adam is great at cutting many different hair types ! i am always happy to recommend alder street barber and no one has been disappointed yet ! great job adam ! thank you for being a great example of entrepreneurship and a positive example in the community !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no nonsense , good service , and excellent haircut . adam is also quite humorous and likable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gone here a few times because it was so convenient and each time was disappointed . i bring in several pictures of myself with the haircut i want and he just does his own thing . i 'll be finding a new place to go .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was greeted at the door by adam upon arrival . he was very friendly and welcoming , and the shop , while small , was pretty comfortable and had a stylish vibe . i was a bit apprehensive and this immediately put me at ease . i had been seeing the same stylist for several years and this was my first attempt at developing a new relationship . i 'm not one of those guys who know what all the new styles are called or which blades to use , but adam listened to what i wanted . he gave me a really fantastic cut , and he even filled me in on which blades he used so i would be ready the next time . overall , this was a stellar experience . the service , the environment , the price , even the eclectic music selection all worked together to make my visit a memorable one . adam is a really down-to-earth and friendly guy , and i could not have been more pleased with my experience . i have already recommended him to several of my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get a haircut . laid back atmosphere . price is reasonable when you consider the quality of the cut . i 've been there a bunch of times and am always happy with the way my hair looks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! adam is a great guy ! the place was suggested to me by a friend and i totally loved it . the hair cut was great and pricing was phenomenal ! if you are looking for an economical place for an awesome haircut or beard trimming , adam is your guy ! and as far i know , he is one of the very few guys who uses a razor for clean ups ! does a wonderful job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam never fails to impress with the hair cut . being reasonably priced , he always delivers to what i need . i would highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you should 've seen my hair before the cut . this guy know what he is doing . i was like a completely different person after the cut . best cut i 've ever gotten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked the haircut my boyfriend got here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the haircut i received was not bad but it was not what i asked for . the barber seemed to think he knew what i wanted better than i knew what i wanted and did as he pleased with my hair which is not ok . he also charged me $ 25 flat rate ( before any tip ) for a standard men 's cut which is absurdly expensive . the going rate for a men 's trim is around $ 15 not $ 25 . this guy overcharged me and i will not be going back to his shop . there are better barbers around who will treat the customer with more respect .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got my haircut for the first time here this week . the space was welcoming and the atmosphere relaxed . adam gave me a very different cut than i came in and i 'm very glad i put my trust in his hands . he was meticulous and friendly and gave me the best haircut i 've ever had . i 've gotten compliments all day from the work adam did and i 've already made my next appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal . adam of alder street barber is great choice when it comes to a classic barber . his experienced abilities with clippers and fades is truly evident . the vibe in the shop breaths positivity , honesty and authenticity . i continue to enjoy , not only my haircuts , but the eclectic music , conversation and life knowledge provided by adam . this can be a place for you too . text him for an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i gave adam a vague description of what i was looking for and it was like he read my mind . definitely a great hair cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing fussy or complicated about this place . the barber simply asked what i wanted once i told him , he began his work like a true craftsman . he cut my hair with such precision and concentration . in all my life i have never had a haircut i was satisfied with , however after this i feel like god has smiled upon me . the price was incredible ( $ 15 ) and you pay for just that the cut and not all the fuss of a salon and all the trappings , i will definitely return here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to adam for my haircuts since august . hes a true professional , is very meticulous , and gets your cut done in a timely manner . been satisfied with his work every time . you can also call ahead or walk on in . very relaxed and friendly atmosphere , i 'll keep going to him until i 'm bald .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam is a great barber . he consistently gives me great haircuts and is always a nice friendly guy . i definitely recommend him and would go here if you 're looking for a great haircut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tired of going to the haircut chains , i randomly picked this one out . he is the owner and the only one there . did a great job . cuts by appointment only though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing hair cut , great guy , way better service then i 've ever gotten at any chain barber . will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to the area and of course needed a haircut right away . i was worried about having to get my haircut by an unknown barber ( even one with fantastic reviews ) ; however , a few minutes of talking with adam quickly put me at ease . i received the best haircut of my life and will definitely be going back . give alder street barber a chance and you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam is the man first time he got it right he listens and then cuts it the way you like it five star ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended . adam is a top-notch barber and runs a no nonsense establishment . he takes his time and my cuts always look good . he also uses a straight razor to clean things up in the back . his prices are fair as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a birthday cake for my boyfriend and was very pleased with the cake and customer service i received . my contact person was michelle who was very responsive to emails and helped transform my ideas into a life with regards to my cake . whenever i had questions , she would respond promptly even though i ordered it right before the holidays . the cake turned out beautifully and my 8 inch cake fed more than 8 people as the cake was very rich and decadent . their attention to detail and their work with fondant was excellent , they even made figurines of my boyfriend and his dog come to life with the photos i sent them . i have also visited their in store bakery and everything that i have tasted from their gelato , to espresso to their cupcakes have been delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a cake for my boyfriends 30th surprise birthday dinner . i was feeling a lot of anxiety because when you order a custom cake , you never really know how it 'll turn out to be . i resourced many different freelance bakers who have their own custom cake businesses at home but with their pricing , i decided to go to la casa dolce . if you 're going to pay $ 200 for a cake , it might as well be from a reputable bakery . they did a fabulous job and i ca n't complain . the service was great at time of booking and when i picked it up . the cake was delicious and it was fresh ! ! we received great compliments from our guests .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge variety of baked goods including cupcakes , cookies , chocolate drizzled macaroons , canollis , donuts , pound cakes and custom cakes . my favorites are the macaroons and white chocolate almond cookies . the lobster tails are awesome too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ask the staff for recommendations on the pastries and you will get something that will make your day . i usually get a pastry and a coffee . the coffee is pretty good . i have not tried their cakes but that appears to be their specialty and they make the most awesome cakes i have seen . judging by how many people i 've seen getting cakes while i sit with my coffee , they must be pretty good . service is always very friendly . if you live in mississauga , it 's worth a trip out here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have driven by here many times , but ended up actually going in after the first cake i bought for a birthday was dropped on the way in the house . a decent selection of pastries and a nice hot table . it looks like they do some very intricate custom cakes as well . the standard cakes might do with some of that creative attention - the stiff whipped cream rosettes and ribbons around the cake are very 1982 . the cake itself was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everything is reasonably priced and delicious . la casa dolce is family run and they all do an excellent job . they have a huge selection and their fresh buns are especially delicious . brownies are a must try as well . they do amazing wedding and other custom cakes for as i say again , a great price . there is a nice sitting area at this new location where you can relax , watch whatever 's on the tvs around the place and eat your yummy treats . nice atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet bakery . lots of pastry variety but a bit more pricier than most bakeries . there was a pretty young girl that was super helpful and provided excellent service . my mom does n't like heavy butter taste so i had to ask about every pastry and she never lost patience . chocolate hazel lobster tail pastry won my mom 's heart ! crispy with a nice custard that was n't too sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "old spot , i mean really old , still having that look like time stood still here since the '70s . the decor ( including the lifesized cardboard john wayne ) is super rustic . the food is truly home-cookin ' . there 's nothing fancy about it really at all but it will fill you up nice . you kind of get the feeling like someone 's mom cooked it up just for you right there . it 's decent -- with a surprisingly large selection of food from burgers to mexican to fish to breakfast available anytime . nice service . if you 're driving down the road , and you 're looking this spot up to see if it 's any good , you can rest assured from me that it 's fine for you or your family . nothing 's wrong with a good , cheap bite -- if you are of the same mind , you 'd like this place too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will never return to this place ! the service was horrible the waitress was beyond rude and when i expressed to her the fact that i had never had such poor service and that i would not be returning she told me that that was fine ... she never refilled my ice tea and when she filled my husbands she had an attitude . we went for the friday fish fry . the family has been going for years . the food was cold when we got it and we had to wait 15 minutes for a fresh plate of fish . i guess that is one way to keep the customers from eating to much of the all you can eat fish ! the place was not busy so i ca n't place blame on that . she just did n't care ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've been lots of times because the food is good , the restaurant is comfortable , and it 's a locally owned business . on one occasion we were actually given the wrong food twice . today as we waited and watched our eggs get cold we decided this is the lady time . i 've never felt so unwelcome in a public establishment . our server was n't just unfriendly she was rude . if they had been busy when we got there i could see hurried service but when we got there there were 3 servers and 4 occupied tables . she was just plain rude . we thought it was us but she was rude to the other customers too . the food was okay for cold and over easy eggs are not meant to sit that long but the service was terrible . the lost long term customers today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the waitress was very good but the portions were tiny and the eggs were over cooked the potatoes were not done , do n't think i will be back left hungry ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "back to this reliable standby ... the fish and chips vaulted to the top of our list..they are flavorful crispety but tender and flaky inside . ( ask for extra crispy fries and fish ) they were out of soup so we each got a simple salad it was super fresh and hit the spot . the thousand island was a-ok.. like old throwback diner style . extra touch like fresh cut tomatoes and cucumber chunkies made me feel at home . give this place a try dont be pretentious or arrogant..they are trying to make a go and i have yet to be disappointed ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here for lunch every once in a while.. its basically what you 'd expect from a diner type restaurant in this part of town . the food has always been good for what it is.. the service has always been good , and the prices are pretty good . its not 5 star dining by any means , but for what it is , its good . they have improved the decor since management has changed . still not fancy or anything , but its not terrible . last few times i 've gone in there they 've kept it on cmt on the tv.. which i 'm not a big fan of ... but at least they have something on . anyway , i like it for the most part.. i 'll have to stop in for breakfast of the fish fry sometime..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food and service wad very good . i had the lunch special 1 2 lasagne 1 2 spaghetti with salad and garlic bread . atmosphere : carpet stained and old . nice family restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food ! dark , a little cramped , in the atmosphere department ! older , so booths , chairs , tables all have seen better days !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is under new ownership , but the food items have stayed the same . they have added a full chinese menu . i have tried many of the chinese entrees . my favorite , by far , is the general tso chicken . anything that they have on the chinese menu that is spicy can be made without the spicy . that 's how i roll with the general tso 's . if you go there , you must get an egg roll . hade-made on the premises . best egg roll i have ever eaten . they are so good , i tell random strangers to try them , and then the strangers tell me to try them the next time i 'm there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a traditional breakfast , and this is the place to come . the owner and waitress were nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the new owners previously had a chinese restaurant in florence , az and recently took over this location . the other was our favorite place to eat because of the delicious food and friendly , excellent service . the mesa site also has traditional american fare for breakfast and lunch . they have the same chinese menu that they had in florence . we ate off the chinese menu and as usual we were not disappointed . the restaurant name is deceiving , and the building and inside decor are plain . i hope others will try this place because of the good chinese cooking . we wo n't come as often as we went to the old site because it 's 60 miles from us , but whenever we come up to mesa phoenix area we will definitely visit here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a biscuits and gravy type of girl and their gravy boat never disappoints me ! ! ! i come here with my mom , and my daughter . ( toddler friendly )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here again because we live right next door . again it was awful . our waitress was nice enough but kept getting things wrong and forgetting them . my hamburger was ok , great size but super dry . husbands corned beef hash was disgusting . mushy dog food consistency , slimy , flavorless . ca n't believe they served it . cheap ass cheese on grilled cheese . this place is dirty and gross . i 'm done here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're going just for the pool , it is not worth the money . the photos you see are not exactly accurate . the hotel needs some serious updating , you can see where they cut corners . furthermore , they advertise the pool as a rooftop pool but it is not . get there early because after about 3pm the buidling blocks the sun . ultimately , if you have a pool stay home , i 'm sure you 're pool is nicer . if you do n't have a pool , then , it 's better than nothing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved : 1 ) the glass of wine given to us while we checked in upon arrival 2 ) the pool in the middle of the complex 3 ) the color coordinated rooms with small acs and wine coolers 4 ) the super duper fluffy sealy brand beds , flat screen tv , 5 ) the dual purposed works of art that served as curtains as well . 6 ) the well equipped roof top patio slighty bothered by : 1 ) with all the above , there really was n't much to be irked by . if you are going to phoenix any time soon , can you pay for me too ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything from the fancy pool to the hipster rooftop is a must do in phoenix . the staff their is very helpful and so sweet . also if you 're from out of town ; here 's a fyi : the sunsets in phoenix are stunning ... the clarendon rooftop is definitely the place to be when capturing the gorgeous sunset while sipping on a martini .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "summer visit . first stay at the clarendon . three nights . staff-5 stars . resturant & bar-5 stars . bed-5 stars . pool hot tub-5 stars . view from rooftop-5 stars . sleepability ? 5-stars because i never heard neighbors . yes bathrooms are on smaller side . could n't get ac to crank on so asked front desk to have it checked out . went to eat in hotel resturant ... came back to room ... nice cool room and ac working well . our hotel `` litmus test '' is ... '' would you stay here again ? '' . yes we would and yes we will . i have stayed in many a five star hotel . no this is not the waldorf astoria and neither are the room prices . centrally located . we had to attend a function at convention center and also squeeze in a job interview at a local hospital . easy access to all parts of greater phoenix metro . see ya next time you adorable boutique clarendon hotel !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a local phoenician who has been here since 1980 and i must say that the clarendon hotel is one of my favorite destinations in the entire phoenix metro area . ben bethel and co. have a true eye for detail , the entire place is both modern and hip yet at the same time relaxing and comfortable . the starlit pool and 50 person jacuzzi are to die for and the beds are the most comfortable around ( same mattresses used by the four seasons ! ) the newly revamped restaurant , gallo blanco , is another welcomed addition to the hotel , the food is stellar , top notch quality . and no , i am not an employee nor do i have any other vested interest in the clarendon . i simply love the place , its staff and owners . the clarendon is our go-to spot to celebrate our birthdays and anniversary or otherwise just relax and unwind a bit . if you 're looking for a hidden gem in the heart of phoenix , the clarendon is it . you will not be disappointed . : ) -andres yuhnke", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome i give 3 stars cause the towels they put in your room are not very impressive compared to the rest of the hotel and we had to switch out the blanket on our bed it was covered in stains other than that it was awesome", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the 2nd time we have stayed here . staff is friendly and helpful . rooms are clean and comfortable . the atmosphere is fun . the pool is clean , trendy and in the perfect location . u can stand on the balcony and look at the pool and chat and visit . everyone at the pool has been so friendly . u can walk up and start a conversation with strangers in minutes . after this visit i think this is my favorite place to stay downtown . it 's located close to so many thing plus the light rail is minutes away . we are enjoying ourselves so much we decided to stay an extra night", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would originally rate my experience 2 stars , but because of aaron & kyle it turned into 5 . i had a sour taste in my mouth due to an experience i had had recently with a bachelorette party staying here , and the hotel completely messing up our reservations . upon arrival it turned out that our reservation was lost . so i had to call the third party booking agent and discuss ( all while expressing to kyle my previous frustrations ) once all figured out kyle and aaron went above and beyond to make the best of the situation . i am thankful for the incredible customer service , free snacks and wine , and the food next door at gallo blanco is incredible ! ( although the service is somewhat slow- but that 's another note ) as for the hotel , so much fun , great decor , comfortable bed , close to everything and central ! great front desk staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just stayed here a few nights back , and i thought it was pretty great . comfy bed , nice sheets , free internet , good temperature control , aveda products in bath . the hotel itself is a bit of a hodge-podge decoratively ; kind of like somebody got a subscription to wallpaper and decided they could be a decorator . that said , altogether it is sort of winning and it feels like a good value . plus , the restaurant downstairs was perfecto when we visited .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was probably one of the greatest hotel experiences i have ever had . it was n't the hilton and it was n't the motel 6 . it is on the upper side of the middle class . so there are n't a million snobs running around and there are n't people by the dumpsters partaking in foul play . the restaurant inside was friggin awesome . and the customer service ( what i look for most ) was spectacular . johny ( our favorite employee ) being an absolute delight to the staff as well to me and my girlfriend during our stay went above and beyond on all levels . the hotel was built in the 70s and u would have no idea bc of all the constant remodeling and renovations . if in the phoenix area and your a regular working class person this hotel is for u ! i want to come back to phoenix solely for the clarendon . pool was 80 degrees , hot tub jets were working well , rooftop bar was on point . i could go on for days ! 110 % check them out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time during our stay . very modern decor made it feel very relaxing . the staff was super accommodating and extremely polite . free snacks and drinks and vouchers for free breakfast in the morning . happy hour serving wine from 5-6 was an added bonus too . the pool was a good size and had covered lounge areas for the hot days . i will definitely stay here again because of the service alone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hotel was clean and the hotel staff was very freindly and welcoming ! the only problem i had was that the walls are pretty thin and you can hear people in the next room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my brother and i spent four nights at the clarnedon . it was great ! super nice people always ready to help you out . awesome pool and hot tub . free breakfast was a very nice touch . rooms were nice and clean and well appointed . no cable tv in the room was kinda odd , but we did n't spend a lot of time worrying about it . we were there for baseball spring training . wifi was spotty too . concrete construction of the hotel may have been a factor . centrally located near countless restaurants and bars . loved it . will stay here again next year", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have stayed here twice , both for business . on the first trip they did n't have the room i 'd reserved and upgraded me to a suite . on the second trip , i had a regular room . both were nicely appointed and comfortable . in both rooms i had a lounge-tastic bed , a comfy chair , an extremely usable desk , and easy access to outlets . in the suite i also had a swank couch . the bathrooms are on the small side but well-lit and not claustrophobic . i had no trouble with the wifi . staff were all friendly and helpful . i was there during a heat wave , and was offered a bottle of water pretty much every time i passed the front desk . there is music playing in the courtyard , but i was n't bothered by it at all inside and it 's reasonably well-chosen . the hotel restaurant is decent . be aware : there is a parking fee and hotel taxes . i believe they also rent bicycles , which is something i have wanted at many hotels and never seen before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved from brooklyn late last year and had a serious craving for curry.well first it was fried chicken but we decided some yummy caribbean food would work as well.when we arrived the place was so empty no one greeted us.we yelled out a few times and finally someone came out that look like we bothered him.i really wanted west indian cuisine or i would have happily went downstairs to the more inviting korean spot ! anyway we ordered some rather tasty mango wings which we demolished.then on to curry chicken and a grilled chicken.both came with rice and peas , really good plantains , and sweet potatoe.the food was good..mind blowing no but it was solid and hit the spot.i have very high expectations coming from brooklyn so u have to really blow my mind.so far the only mind blowing with caribbean food has been my kitchen in montreal.anyway the service was blah until the waitress showed up.my date complained about the customer service asking if she should tip him since he doesnt care to much.lol.i may try boom j then come back for at least those banging mango wings and plantains .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two words : jerk chicken . best jerk chicken i 've ever had ! unlike most caribbean joints , this is a full service restaurant instead of a take out joint and it is pricier than other carribean places but i must say that it 's worth the price . the restaurant was completely empty for dinner but that did n't stop us . the waitress was also extremely kind and friendly . we got the oxtail ( approx . $ 19 ) and the jerk chicken ( approx $ 16 ) but the jerk chicken was the definite winner . every bite was like an explosion of flavour and i enjoyed every moment of it . i was secretly contemplating if i should order another plate just to take home . the oxtail was a bit average in comparison and a large portion was just bone but it was still good , albeit maybe not worth the price . 5 stars for the mind blowing jerk chicken and excellent service . hopefully this place gets more business cus i truly believe they deserve it ! check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed eating at mango bay as it was my first time . i am visiting from toronto and have to say the food had lots of flavor to it . had the jerk chicken dinner . the chicken was tasty and boneless . had a side order of sweet sauce which made it better . it came with rice and peas along with sweet potatoes . the service great and not busy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 've lived in arizona long enough , you know your car is going to eventually break down when it 's over 100 degrees and you have places to go . this just happened to me and then came the dreaded where do i take my car decision . i know i could not stomach returning to the last place that fixed my car . with some yelp investigation , i found this place and i was seriously impressed from the minute i walked in the door . what a great idea to keep an invested owner on the premises to ensure consistency of your services . everyone was professional and friendly and their waiting area was very comfortable . the owner even shared the wifi pass code to make a relatively short wait more relaxing . had i stayed longer , they also have a shuttle service . best of all , they got my car fixed in a reasonable amount of time and at a fair price . this place is night and day to most auto repair shops and i 'd definitely return , though hopefully under better conditions next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the communication and accessibility to the person who is an expert on my car and it 's problem is amazing . i have been really impressed and have not had one second of wondering if these guys are ripping me off because i would n't know better . total integrity and completely professional while being really fun and friendly as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "christian bros. has done wonderful work on both our cars . honest , skilled mechanics that clearly explain what will be done . prices are competitive , and they complete the work in a timely manner . and great conversation during their complimentary shuttle service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my mazda 5 in for an oil change and general checkup around 7:30am ( knowing that our rear brakes may need to be replaced ) . cba took the car same-day and said they would likely be completed by noon or 1pm . the shuttle to my final morning destination was convenient and the drive was very friendly . later in the morning i got a call that the rear brakes were worn and needed to be replaced . i agreed and they were able to machine the rotors and replace the pads . all work was done by 1pm . in the end , cba was friendly , honest , and a good value ( double digit % less than the dealer for sure ) . their staff uses plain speak and did not try to oversell me . bottom line , i am pleased so far and will happily bring my car back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting from ca , my jeep had a major turbo failure . these guys did a great job getting us back on the road , and the jeep ran well . i would recommend this company to anyone . clean , professional , and delivered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and knowledgeable ! they where able to find the problem and fix in and efficient and timely manner ! definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously impressive service they were fast efficient and nice the entire time they did n't overcharge me or asked me to add on things that i did n't really need . they are seriously honest and friendly i would highly recommend if you have any automotive needs to come here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the entire staff from techs to office staff was very helpful and knowledgeable . both my wife and i have been in here to have oil changes and car problems taken care of . the nicest and cleanest mechanics shop i have ever been to . even if you 're just looking for a quick oil change and tire rotation they are here for you . i would trust christian brothers for anything i have done . professional and very honest about everything . i wo n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "resonable prices , friendly service . i had been to fletchers before stopping here . could clearly see a difference in attitude .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my car in to have some minor brake work done . not only were they fast but they were honest as well . i dropped the car off at 10am and told them i needed it back before 4pm . they called me at 2:30pm saying the car was done and ready to go . great company and great customer service . thanks christian brothers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are professional , kind and efficient . they are also very involved in our south chandler community . great job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to chandler , took my vehicle to christian brothers after reading and comparing reviews . extremely happy with the service , professionalism and courtesy . it was a simple oil change for which it is difficult to judge the workmanship ; but i got what i asked for and i was charged what was quoted . will continue taking my vehicles to christian brothers , i feel i can trust them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here are a few things that i appreciate about cba : honesty integrity high quality workmanship friendly staff ( they remember your name ! ) they provide me a ride back to work when i leave my car . conveniently located nice and busy location- it makes the two hour wait seem like nothing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the service they did provide . i had called to make an appointment and when i got their , they could n't find my name but they made sure they got someone to look at my car anyway . they were nice and did n't try to up sell me anything . they told me what the price would be and asked me if i wanted it done . i love that . i would have gave them 5 stars , but the price was the same as the dealers . but i still would pick them because of the customer service they provide !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i highly recommend christian brothers automotive chandler . tony and everyone who work for him really care about giving you the best service at a great price . i wo n't go anywhere else to get our vehicles serviced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i appreciated the time both guys at the register took to explain things to me . i liked that the mechanics did a check up on the whole engine and provided me with things that needed attention , such as the cracking belt . usually auto shops trick people into fixing things that they did not come in for , but christian brothers even provided a picture of my own car 's engine showing the cracks in the belt . they wanted me to trust them and i did after seeing the picture . i was told i would be getting an email with the quotes of other things i needed , such as an engine wash , but i am still waiting for the email . other than that , they were excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very good business to use for having your oil changed although they do all sorts of car maintenance . not your typical automotive waiting room . they have leather seating , very nice decor , snack bars , keurig coffees and have fresh flowers and good reading material . close enough to walk to many restaurants or wally world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "responded the same day by email which was a sunday ... and my husband called monday to set up an appointment for tuesday . i went with him to take in the car . the place was very clean and the young man that checked us in was very polite . said they would run diagnostics and get back with us on wednesday . my husband approved the work to be done ... which he said was for a very decent price and we had his car back by thursday evening which we both thought for the amount of work that was done was a very quick delivery time ... we were both very pleased . my husband said his car drive great now . seems like all work was done well . we are both very pleased and would recommend them . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my last post management contacted me and rectified the issue . i 'm very happy of this and am glad to now give them 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , courteous , friendly and competent . clean facilities . i 've had both my vehicles serviced by christian brothers on ocotillo rd . it is a pleasure to do business with these people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest , professional service with great quality at a fair price . if you 're looking for an auto shop unlike your typical mechanic - this is the place . top notch mechanical work , clean and friendly . ca n't ask for much more . we now take both our acura and toyota here for service and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously , there 's no need to go anywhere else when it comes to auto repair . maybe the best customer service i 've received in years . all businesses should strive to reach this level . outstanding work at fair and reasonable prices . i would recommend anybody to this place . keep up the solid work christian bros !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "efficient , friendly , great communication , and amazingly fair prices ! my car runs like its new and it costed less than if i brought it to my dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner and staff were friendly , personable , and treated me with respect . the facility is spotless with comfortable leather chairs in the waiting area . i will most certainly be a repeat customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to chandler , and selected this place based on great yelp reviews . nice guys , reputable mechanics . i made an appt and car was repaired and ready next day , as promised . military discount applied and much appreciated ! my new 'goto ' mechanic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have stopped taking my vehicles to the dealer and only do business with cb . they are professional , courteous and very thorough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited christian brothers for an oil change and tire rotation , and left very happy with the service i received . courteous , professional , prompt . no upsell add-on aggravation ( some of these shops have become so sleazy with that , but i did n't get it here ) . good value . thanks , guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did everything in their power to get my brakes repaired . i did n't have an appointment but they fit it into their busy schedule as well as shuttling me after drop off and and again to pick up my vehicle . friendliness and customer service was second to none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've taken both our vehicles here for oil changes . both times , they were friendly , took care of our cars and most importantly , they were honest and did n't try to bs us and say we needed an extra $ 500 worth of unneeded service . looks like we found our shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have visited this shop twice , both times the facility was spotless and the entire staff was both professional and friendly . i planned to do business there both times but instead got some good advice saving me $ hundreds ... when a shop tells me they do n't want my money because there are better alternatives than having them spend hours on my car , i am thankful that they are n't selling me unneeded services , not mad at them about it . thanks tony ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ran an auto shop for years ; these guys are the real deal . clean shop and waiting area , good experienced folks , and quality work . prices fair , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , knowledgeable staff . there was still a minor problem with my truck after they fixed a major problem . cb , without hesitation , took the truck back in and fixed the remaining issue within a few hours . moral of the story : the true character of a business comes out when there is a problem . how do they react to the issue and how quickly do they fix it ? these folks are an 11 on a scale of 10 . christian brothers have earned my business for both of our vehicles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just want to say i 'm very pleased that i tried christian brothers ! they replaced my battery for cheaper than auto zones quote and had me in and out in an hour ! they were courteous and did n't give me the run around . i feel that they will give me honest quotes and quality workmanship . i just moved down the street and am looking forward to them being my go-to for car care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much for the great service tire installation ! christian brothers combines excellent customer service with affordable prices . each question i had was answered with knowledge and a smile . i have never been to an auto shop quite as nice or as special as christian brothers . it was a pleasure to do business with this company . i will definitely be coming back to and recommending christian brothers to people that i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best customer service and did great work on our vehicle . have taken our camry hybrid in a few times since this place opened for battery and brakes . last time my wife took it in for tire inspection they rotated them at no charge and let her know tires were good for another year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my auto serviced yesterday at cb and again the service was great . this is about the 4th or 5th time i have had my autos serviced here in the past year and each time has been a pleasure in every way . highly recommend this business . they do it right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last minute i brought blue 2002 jeep wrangler for last minute service , the service is wonderful , they show customers on tv screen what is exactly wrong so you understand what happening and their prices are reasonable everybody is so professional the place is so clean and nice . i met kinda owner she is fabulous they are the only people i would trust around the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . always treated like family . honest , clear communication , never disappointed . this place feels like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team at christian brothers automotive did a fantastic job on my repairs . i worked with bryan and troy who were very professional and great advocates of the company . the shop is super clean and looks very well organized . they have a shuttle service ( not an actual shuttle , but a very clean dodge suv ) that will drop you off and pick you up from your home , which is very convenient . i checked with a few other companies and cba 's pricing was right on point which proved to me that they provide an honest price . they will be my go-to for now on , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely fantastic time here at this christian brothers . i was referred to this location by my girlfriend who has been going here for years . this place allows you to drop off your car in their lot and not have to worry about a thing . i can confidently recommend this service to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time getting work done on my car somewhere other than the dealership . the customer service is amazing ! great prices and they were very thorough . they took the time that was needed to make sure everything was done right . i definitely recommend them and will return when more work is needed on my car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was prompt and i received honest feedback concerning my issue . although experiencing brake noise , after the inspection was performed , it was deemed that i did not need any brake service . many shops would have replaced the pads and made off with my money . i truly appreciate the integrity and honesty of the shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked the service level from when i entered the door , up until i left the parking lot . i enjoyed the shuttle . i also liked that i was not sold on anything that i did not need . i am also a christian and enjoyed the music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience was great my car was in and out in no time they serviced it put a new short throw shifter in take me to my job to and pick me up i 'm very impressed by their service courtesy and professionality", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picked them because of all the great reviews on yelp , and now i see why they got all the five stars ... ..very honest and professional all the way ! ! the bill in the end was exactly what they said it would be . dealt mainly with brian , and will call him for any repairs we ever need again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very grateful for the kind and prompt service i received after being stranded with a truck that would not start across the street from christian brothers automotive . they were very busy but took the time to help me determine what the issue was and squeezed me into their booked schedule . they kept me informed during the whole process and also helped me get a tow truck and rental vehicle . i would highly recommend them ! they are honest and their customer service is top notch . thank you for a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great business . we brought a car in that would n't start . they charged the battery and looked the car over , then did n't charge when they could n't find anything wrong . the people there are courteous and responsive . i 'll definitely use this business in the future , and i recommend that anyone in the area looking for quality automotive repair put these guys at the top of the list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fabulous place to go and get your car worked on as the people here are reliable and trustworthy . they do quality service , and even offer transportation back home while your car is being looked at . being a women myself , and not knowing much about cars , it is relieving to know that i am not going to be ripped off with fake problems about my car , or charged a ridiculous amount for something that is not necessary . i have required their services many times , ( i have a really old car ) , and will continue to do so , as should you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best place i 've had my car serviced . if you 're still going across the street to fletcher 's ... stop and try this place . extremely friendly and they do n't push any extra work or services on you . will be recommended this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has become our `` go to '' place for our cars . i have been in twice and both times , the staff was professional and courteous . they explained the issues and related costs and fixed my car ahead of their projected schedule . a good and knowledgeable mechanic is not always easy to find so we are very pleased we met the guys at christian brothers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to the area and finding new companies to trust your car with is hard to do , but i will definitely be coming back to christian brothers . i called yesterday to make a last minute appointment for an oil change this morning and miraculously they had an opening . i got there right at 7am and they were done by 8 as promised . they rotated my tires , did a full inspection of the vehicle and gave me $ 10 off as a first time customer . the service was friendly and their waiting area was very comfortable . tony and his team did a great job and have fantastic customer service and that 's exactly what i was looking for . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service from the time you walk in the door until you pick up your vehicle . nice to know there are still garages around like this . great alternative to dealer service ! we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had heard so many good things about christian brothers automotive by word of mouth that i chose to go therei when i experienced the dreaded dead battery after getting off work . the staff was knowledgable , honest and the service was exceptional . it 's great to find a mechanic that treats people with respect and upholds a sense of integrity . i will definitely be going back to christian brothers for all my automative needs . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my sons truck in to see if it was salvageable before deciding if we were going to put a new engine in it . dean helped us in diagnosing the prob ... . we need a new engine . he offered to help in possibly locating one ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service at a fair price . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was introduced to christian brothers automotive by a friend and i was not disappointed ! they are so thorough and tony , the owner , explained exactly what was going on with my car and broke down every part that was needed by price . the prices are extraordinarily competitive . they are integrity driven and outstanding in their work . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't be more pleased . christian brothers is professional , honest and trustworthy . wo n't be going anywhere else now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say . took 2007 bmw 2x 's can not pass emissions . after $ 1500 lights all came back on . took receipts to bmw only repair babbit . they mentioned we were way over charged for several parts babbit charges $ 199 - christian brothers $ 300 . the oil change had to be redone by babbit.. christian brothers just added more oil when the oil change light came on after they billed us for changing it . i really hope it is just that they do not know how to work on bmw 's which are unique because an old friend recommended this place and after close to $ 2k later billed from christian brothers will most issues unresolved . needless to say not happy w old friend either . i would avoid this shop if i were u especially if a bmw owner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone i dealt with was stellar in their customer service not only to me , but to folks they were speaking with on the phone or greeted as they came into the lobby . they were honest , understanding and did everything they promised . they also not only fixed my car but quoted about $ 200 less than another shop i had used previously . they 've secured a lifetime customer . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pizza . however , this place really needs to decide what direction it is going in . elegant dining or pizza hut ? decor is very nice . plates and cups are tacky plastic . drinks are by the bottle only ... not fountain . $ 2.75 per drink . guest pour our own drinks . waitstaff was friendly enough but not very attentive . prices are very high . no happy hour . for the price point ( over $ 15 per pizza ) i expect a+ service , real plates napkins cups etc , drink refills . the pizza is excellent . sadly , the while package just does n't cut it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good service . nice atmosphere . place is a little pricey , but quality is there and they take a military discount . i believe there is only one flavor of wings , but it 's savory and delicious . tell them to hold the onions if you do n't like them , they pile them high over the wings , which i did not mind . they were some of the best wings i 've ever had . pizza was okay , would like to try something other than pepperoni next time . will return and do recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not very impressed with this place . the younger blonde at the front is unfriendly and does n't seem to want to do any work . the other younger girl seems pretty clueless . the older lady is friendly and doing most of the work . their menu lacks . our waitress was pretty clueless and unhelpful . i wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was not really great . i asked if we could have a minute to look at the menu . 30 minutes later we had to ask for our server . the pizza is ok , really nothing special . the boys liked the wings . the are not your traditional wings with sauce . the have grilled onion with them . as a whole it was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the pizza . meatballs are always amazing ! ! my husband and i drive all the way from clairton to eat here . the service is always great . love live band nights too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in one wednesday night with my wife and two kids . great atmosphere . had a guy playing guitar and singing . he was good and the music was n't too loud or overbearing . beer was delicious and the pizza was great . service was great as well . nothing to complain about . now that we 're moving to the area permanently , we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only down fall about this place is that it 's so expensive . 2 pizzas and an order of wings was about 50 bucks . that 's wayyyy too much for pizza and wings but i can honestly say it was delicious and well worth my hard earned money ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything was great ! pizza was delicious . expect a little char on the bottom of the crust , but it is coal fired ... .so obviously fitting . delicious ! service was good , atmosphere as well . family style salad is a must !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we always order the following at anthony 's : paul and young ron 's pizza with both hot and sweet long peppers ( a second choice would be the arugula pizza ) the oven roasted wings heaped with loads of caramelized onions . yum ! a pitcher of sangria . neighborhood gem . awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after passing this restaurant often we decided to give it a try tonight ! i ordered a plain small pie , my tried and true test of a good pizza without the toppings interfering with the true flavor . the crust was dry and tasteless , the cheese was good while the pizza was piping hot but as it cooled it became hard and rubbery . the sauce was plain but good and the use of quality tomatoes was evident along with fresh basil . my husband ordered a 3 topping pie with anchovies , prosciutto and long peppers that were so hot he had to remove them , according to the waitress sometimes they are real hot and other times they are pretty mild , a comment i found interesting ! his opinion as well as mine was it was just ok , we expected more but we have had worse ! the waitress was attentive and the atmosphere was nice . it 's highly doubtful we will be returning though ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pizza is good , but i think the robinson store puts out a better product . the manager should have closed the porch , the place was not very busy and is freezing inside . i am sure the other customers here today were cold . the server was very nice , i want to see businesses survive so they need to pay attention to all aspects .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a lunch size pie with prosciutto and a meatball sandwich . both were excellent . service was very good as well . i enjoyed the craft beer selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried anthony 's as i had heard great things about their other locations . great atmosphere . interesting and visually appealing decor . our server was courteous . they have a good vareity of toppings . we had the basic cheese pizza with prosciutto . the pizza took a decent while , but that was to be expected , as it was quite busy . it was ... ok . the prosciutto was placed on top of the cooked pizza in long slices , which is normal . the prosciutto was of decent quality . the pizza was , at best , average . i would have perhaps liked a bit more sauce , but that 's personal preference . generally , it was a rather unremarkable dining experience . quite frankly , i was expecting something somewhat extraordinary from what i 'd heard about the place , and i just did n't get that from my visit . pros : decor , service , vareity of toppings cons : price ( rather high for pizza ) , quite loud when busy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the cheesesteak pizza . not the best pizza in the world but not the worst . very thin crunchy crust that was burnt on some pieces . their house salad is pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ambiance : upscale pub ; fire pit outside with ample seating , cozy inside with a nice little bar and kitschy decor . pizza : delicious and crispy , but does not reheat well . the eggplant and white pizzas are my favorite , but all the toppings are good quality and delicious . i also really like the wings - they are plain , breaded wings without sauce or anything fancy , just deliciously prepared with sauteed onions . numerous craft beers on draft . a very good place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza horrible service . anthony 's like any chain is hit or miss , unfortunately this one is a miss .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first off , i have been to many anthonys across south florida and this place was definitely on par . the only thing different was that they did n't char the crust like normal coal fired pizza , probably because of the pictures other reviewers have posted as `` burnt '' ( its not ) . we ordered a side of foccacia and a caprese salad , both of which came out promptly . we ordered a large traditional pizza with an extra side of marinara . our server brought two with extra basil . all the food was good , the cheese was very high quality , and service was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoy the pizza , salad and meatballs ! service is up and down depending on who you get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great pizza , wings , & beer selection . all topped of by fresh fired foods . ate at their delray location , and ever since i 've been hook .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good is excellent watch out for the bartender w glasses she has an attitude and is unfriendly . salad dressing is excellent . have n't had a pizza i did n't like", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great food , best in the area in my humble opinion . definitely a different taste profile with the coal oven but from my frequent visits yo some great pizza places in nyc , this is very authentic . the other dishes should also not be ignored -- especially the wings . will go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly wait staff , good sight lines , warm deck and decent food . ca n't wait to sit outside this spring .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in with my sister last night for a late dinner . we each ordered a burger with fries . i ordered the four alarm burger which has bbq sauce , bacon , cheese and french fried onions on a larger burger . i ordered mine medium well . while the burger was good , it was a little dry in my opinion compared to other popular burger joints in the city . the fries were great and their ranch was good as well ( im in love with ranch and judge it everywhere lol ) i should have asked for more bbq sauce to make up for the dry burger . again it was n't bad , but i 've had better burgers . service was nice and the restaurant is cute .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little place . did n't exactly know where it was since it sits atop the hill in a plaza and their name is n't on the marquee currently . please consider getting this done asap for people not familiar with the area . was n't busy in the dining area when we got there ( around 5 pm ) , but once we were served , people started coming in ; so i 'm guessing they get a pretty good crowd . i had the mac 'n cheese skillet with shrimp added in . what an excellent choice . large portion served piping hot in a cast iron skillet . also tried the pixie stick drink . very sweet just like the candy ; but still good . husband tried the ribs . good , but neither of us were a huge fan of the sauce ; too spicey peppery for us , but that 's just our taste buds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new place in kennedy twp . definitely worth stopping if you 're hungry . i had the brisket sandwich it was so tender and the taste was really really good . you get very nice portions for the price . the owner came out to see how everything was and was a great guy . my boyfriend ordered the ribs and said they were amazing , and said his wings appetizers were the bests he has eaten . the atmosphere was fun and lively , everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves . highly recommend this place if you are hungry and in the mood for drinks , good food and great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kennedy township needed a restaurant like bobby d 's ! perfect place to grab a quick , quality bite to eat . i ate the best steak salad i 've had in a long time ! we sat in the bar area and had great service , but we will definitely try the regular dining room next time ! will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new local establishment . had the stuffed banana pepper sub , excellent . my son had the pulled pork and said it was one of best he 's had . slaw was excellent as well . apps came fast . chips were very good , maybe a little season salt on the table would be nice . scotch eggs with yum yum sauce were great . server was attentive and owner stopped by to check on the meal . all in all , a fantastic experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only giving two stars bc the waitress was nice ... burgers were way over cooked and dry ... gf bun was the stalest piece if bread i ever picked up in my life , my mom 's house chips were still sliced potatoes . mules are $ 9.00 and in a very small cup tasted no vodka . normally do n't leave reviews , bad ones at that but very disappointed in my decision to try it out . very overpriced for the quality of food and area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice since opening and have zero regrets . our first trip we had the fried green tomatoes and pickles . my girlfriend had the ribs ( amazing ) and i had the bobby d burger which is a ribeye steak sandwich with fries and coleslaw that puts primanti bros to shame . the bar has essential spirits which make selection easy , and a nice selection of beer and wine . the service is always great with owners occasionally swinging by to chat and make sure everything is good . the pricing of everything we 've had has also been great . we 've already returned several times and plan to continue to do so . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food . i had the mac and cheese skillet with grilled shrimp . my boyfriend had the ribs . i loved my meal , and my boyfriend loved his . i tried his ribs , and already decided that 's next visits meal for me . i 'm nt even a rib person , but they were amazing ! fall off the bone , tender , and the perfect amount of smokey flavor . waitress was great too . i believe the owner also stopped by to make sure all was well . whatever you guys are doing , keep doing it ! the only downside is the quality of the food caused a lack of dinner conversation because we were both busy stuffing our faces !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we waited forever for our food . 30 minutes for a cheeseburger and a cobb salad is a little much . the food is n't worth a 30 minute wait by any means . the cheeseburger finally arrived and of course it 's not plain as requested , so back it went . a refill on your soda and water is also nice to have . the waitress went past us numerous times and never even checked . the chips are good and would have been nice to nibble on during that 30 minute wait for our food , but unfortunately , they were brought out with our food . i think the wait staff either needs training or maybe hire a few with experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ate at bobby d 's on saturday night at about 8:00 p.m. and the restaurant side was very empty but the bar side was packed with very loud people . it was so loud that it made our dinner unpleasant . my husband had a hamburger and said it was delicious , we had 6 bbq chicken wings and we tried to eat quickly so we could leave since the noise level was uncomfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place ! mark is the owner who was very friendly and greeted every customer ! this place is well worth the visit ! restaurant has only been opened for only 7 weeks and certainly brings in the crowd ! i highly recommend trying everything on the menu ! lol ! we will visit this establishment when we are back in pittsburgh because their food is so addicting ! ! ! great job mark and we will see you real soon ! aloha ! brad and cheryl richards", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great dinner the food was awesome and service was fantastic . my suggestion to anyone going is to take some ear protection because the noise is unreal . we started for a drink in the bar where the regulars did n't have normal conversation they yelled at each other . the bartenders need to take the ramp program and if they did already they need a refresher . we moved for dinner to the restaurant side which was n't any better . there were 4 of us and we kind of just looked at each other because you could n't hold a conversation . only downside of the place is the almost unbearable noise , not sure how anybody works in that place and does n't constantly have a headache .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , awesome stuffed banana pepper hoagie . service was great and the owner stopped and thanked us for coming . definitely a place to come back to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my son for a birthday lunch , food was incredible . service was great , it was great seeing mark again . we will be back . thanks mark for stopping by our table . we will definitely be back . this restaurant will definitely be one of our favorite places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great visit ! ! i love bringing in new people and introducing them to the food and they are always impressed . new as of march of this year - trivia nights on wednesdays . i enjoyed relaxing at the bar and playing the jukebox last night ! i placed a `` to go '' order.. the southwestern egg rolls - never disappoint and tried the mac and cheese ( with bacon ) for the first time last night.. delicious . thanks bobby d 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the rueben sandwich and i suggest to substitute the french fries with the best mac and cheese anywhere . also , we went on during a pens game and they have great drink specials . i have yet to try the bbq because i love the rueben so much , but im sure i will be trying them soon enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great menu , staff and owner ! the food was outstanding and it 's clear there 's a lot of passion behind it . our youngest who never finishes anything loved the chips and ate almost his entire burger . he also loved the fresh cut fries . we tried the brisket nachos , mac and cheese ( daughter said it was the best she 's had ) stuffed pepper hoagie and pulled pork . everything was very good . we ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting from california . always wanting to try something local . food is a-mazing . everything we ate tasted home made with the `` luv '' . had the bbq wings on wing night , perfect balance of sweet with a little heat . the smoked sausage mac n cheese was great , any of the meat adds would be great . added the southwest eggrolls for a punch of south west and was not disappointed . we 'll recommend to anyone we know . and erin gets a high five for great service ! thanks for making our visit great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the fried green tomatoes . i did n't care for the ribs . i was truly disappointed ! ! they were not that tender fat not all cooked . the bbq sauce had a strang but not good flavor and they were swimming in it . service was good though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , i came here and my first impression when i walked in.. what a nice bar ! when i sat down , everything changed . i was barely noticed and the bartender spoke to me in a condescending matter . drinks are nice . they also have really delicious fried pickles . very loud in this bar as well . probably wo n't go back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after watching all the super bowl festivities in houston and seeing all this bbq , i was craving so , l found this little gem on yelp and headed out . our server , jordan , was awesome ! she was so super friendly , explained the menu and specials . i ordered the brisket sandwich with nacho cheese with on it & homemade chips and the hubs got the brisket ruben with fries . everything was so delicious . i ca n't wait to come back and try some other items . we 're new customers for a long time to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am the one of whom gave this company a poor review . i received a call from the company owner apologizing for my experience with their inspector . i was told this particular inspector is no longer with the company . again , the owner was very apologetic for my experience and assures me , it will not happen again . i believe him . he was very humble on the call and has very kindly offered to reimburse us for the inspection . as a business owner , he went `` above an beyond '' to reach out to me . i will be more than willing to give them another try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are very pleased with inspect10 's thoroughness in the home inspection of our upcoming purchase . our inspector pointed our some major concerns that needed to be addressed , and the seller rightfully corrected everything that was brought to light . without inspec10 's professional service , we would have been faced with substantial costs . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not and i repeat do not get a roof or any other service from this company ! ! ! since having our whole roof installed over a year and a half ago we have had the out at least 15 times to fix issues from leakage and an improper installed chimney . they send contractors out or i should say sub contractors out and nothing ever gets fixed . we are now going to get a lawyer and are contacting the bbb . please save yourself from headaches and get another company to do it ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this will probably be one of the only shops i could give 5 stars to-and they deserve it . i 've been to countless tattoo shops , and spike 's is on a pedestal . the staff is easy going and professional , and above all , absolutely amazing and gifted artists . they truly work with you , put in the time and effort , and have a passion for their jobs . i 've gotten most of my tattoos here , and even had them cover up past tattoos . ( not because they were necessarily bad , but because the guys at spike 's just do so much better . ) my tattoo work has been displayed on several different websites and i 'm constantly receiving compliments-i turn everyone over to spikomatic . the shop is newer . give it a few years and i have no doubts it will take over as madison 's prominent tattoo shop . update : i 've been disappointed in my last few runs there . they 're losing most of their artists , and the fun atmosphere has gone way down , as has the work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great ! clean facility , private rooms and my excellent artist ( billy ! ) even adjusted the temp for me as i was a little chilly . billy drew up a lovely , custom tattoo for me with beautiful detail . he worked very quickly and efficiently and i experienced minimal pain for the entire 3 hour session . i spoke with him about future tattoos and will definitely be back to see him next time . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently got tattooed by claire at spike-o-matic . i had been a fan of her art , and knew she would give me a beautiful custom tattoo , but i was also extremely impressed by her customer service skills . she asked all the right questions and checked in on how i was doing several times during the process . i also really liked that the shop feels private with individual rooms vs. a more open floor plan like many shops have . i can hardly wait to come back for my next piece . 10 10 would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claire gave me the best tattoo experience i have ever had . she 's professional and has the lightest touch . she took my favorite photograph and turned it into the most beautiful and detailed tattoo . i will add pics when it is finished . i could not recommend claire enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to spike . he is designing a one of a kind sleeve for me . he is friendly and the place is clean . he takes time to consult with every addition . he gives me positive feedback and listens to what i picture . he has traced my arm twice to make sure what he draws up fits and looks right . i look forward to every appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "travis browning is currently working on a half sleeve for me and spike is doing a full sleeve for my husband . both of them are great guys to work with and both of them are very talented artists ! i love how friendly the shop staff are and i feel proud to have this beautiful creation on my body . spike o matic rules !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this shop is great - bright and very clean , with private rooms . all of the artists are incredibly professional and talented . i have been working with spike for 12 years on a fully body piece , and there are few other artists i would trust with my skin . definitely my top choice for tattoo work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing tattoo shop ! the entire staff is professional , talented , and nice . the shop is spotless and offers private rooms for your piercing or tattoo . the prices are fair ; you pay for what you get . i recommend this place to anyone that asks about my tattoos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , clean , fun , professional . the artists here are beyond amazing . i 've had work done by billy and zach , both of which have turned out better than i could have imagined . i 'll definitely be going back time and time again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an elephant designed and inked by travis back in 2009 . these guys are crazy professional and knowledgeable , with a down to earth staff . i would recommend these guys before anyone else in town for sure . the design looks just as crisp as the day i got my tattoo - i 'm constantly getting compliments from friends and acquaintances about how much they love my tattoo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claire is a tattoo magician ! i 've gotten 4 tattoos from claire now and i 'm in love with every single one of them . i have always loved her art and am proud to wear it on my body now . i like being able to go in with a vague idea and she always whips up something better then i could have dreamed of ! i ca n't wait for future tattoos to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eat at haifa many years ago and was really good , but now on this return trip they moved to some shady shopping center , owners are no longer israelis not even jews , i am not prejudice but they are clueless about kosher israeli food , it was very substandard , small portions and very high tourist prices ! plenty of other real israeli kosher restaurants in vegas to go too !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "classy restaurant , love the comfy chairs . the food is very good and comes out in good timing . the servers are very nice and attentive . the pita is hot , fresh and runs out quick , because it 's very tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere of the place was very nice . for a kosher restaurant , there was plenty of room and comfortable tables and chairs . the noise level and ambience was also nice . we were quickly seated and our orders were also taken quickly . the food also came very quickly . i ordered a steak ( what else to have in vegas ? ) . the quality of the meat was mediocre -- not great , but not awful . i ordered it medium rare ( pink ) , but it was cooked done well done ( brown ) . i was pretty disappointed . but despite it being way overcooked ( for my personal preference ) it was still tasty . they gave us a free dessert to compensate for the steak , which was unexpected and nice . overall , the food was good , but i would say not a good value for the price . in other words , for what we paid ( $ 98 for two people ) , my expectations were much higher .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious ! great food and service ! best schnitzel i 've ever had . sent us home with some extra warm pitas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to eat here with business partners after ces and it was amazing food and a great experience . chicken sheeshlik was amazing . highly recommended and reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not your typical pittsburgh pizza . came here because we had a few people with eating restrictions in our group . the pizza is super thin and pretty small . i could probably put away at least two personal pizzas in one sitting . the regular size is also too small if you have some eaters in your group . i enjoyed the pizza and felt it was a nice change from all the heavy cheese and oil pizzas of the city . our friends found the gluten free soy pizza descent ( spinach and artichoke ) . their quote was `` not great but not bad . '' their menu looked interesting and will be back to try other items soon . it was like the ratings say a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is mediocre . i definitely like the `` green '' attention to detail . if you care more about the environment than the food this is the place for you . i think the food could be better for the price even though they are paying more for operating in a green manner . i do n't think they love food as much as i do . they do have organic beer and wine which was nice to see . the service was not good , and i have heard much of the same from my friends . they need a chef , and better service before i spend 50 on pizza for two .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food , great quality , organic and fresh ! perfect meal is one of the salads and personal size pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely picky when it comes to my hair . just over a year ago i walked in this salon to get my son 's hair cut . ren the barber did an excellent job . i then asked sandra to cut my hair and i was very pleased . it is very hard to find a stylist that can cut black hair perfectly and sandra did it . my son and i are faithful customers and are glad we walked in a year ago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone uses yelp to get to the point . fact of the matter is i have been coming here for 10+ years now . ren and sandra are professionals and experts in their respective fields . always satisfied with my hair cut from ren and i have never seen a lady leaving the store not glowing after her appointment with sandra . my advice is call ahead and come early as they tend to fill up quickly especially on weekends . salon palais is my go to and you will understand when you go , too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as montanas ' go , this was good . friendly service , hearty helpings and so on . yummy , tender chicken tenders . possibly the best i 've had -- but such things can vary , of course . a few moments of inattention and they would have been less tender and closer to mediocre . but not this time -- this time they were precisely what chicken tenders should be -- yum ! companion 's back ribs and wings were good too ! chain food , yes , but tasty all the same . thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no substitutions no canoes ( for kids ) smallest portion sizes of gta montana 's service was sub-par but it was a bit busy . got email from manager explaining the `` drawbacks '' of this store montana 's are great , i 've gone to a dozen in the gta and if you 're feeling like ribs montanas drive the extra 5km date of visit saturday may 14th", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we just left the restaurant without having anything to eat . we waited 20 minutes for someone to take our order but no one came . when one of the waitresses passed by and we told her we were ready to order ( 10 minutes after waiting ) she said she would get our waiter to come over but no one showed up . when we left and i told the hostess at the front door why we were leaving all i got was ok. keep in mind the place was n't busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have been to montana 's on the queensway several times . was mostly happy with the food & service . however , the last time we went last sun . father 's day service was terrible . our reservations were for 2 pm . we were seated promptly & ordered our food about 2.15 pm . the food arrived at 10 mins . after 3 ! we waited almost 1 hr . for food to arrive . in addition , there was an exceptionally long wait for drinks , dessert & refills after they were ordered . plus , unfortunately the baked beans & chicken entrees were dry & cold . not sure if we will go back . the restaurant was busy that w e & the staff were pleasant enough but service terrible . if you have a few hours to kill on a w e maybe you should pay them a visit !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "apparently ; y things have changed at this montanas ! starting in january 2015 they started smoking the ribs on site instead of serving product from a central commissary . i do n't know how it happens , but these were the meatiest ribs i have ver consumed , lots of meat to bone ratio , and pretty damn tasty too . the cornbread has shrunk 50 % in size , which is fine because its below mediocre . thje coleslaw is great , because its been around a few days , letting the dressing break down the cabbage . the loaded baled potato is fantastic and huge.do n't bother with the all you can eat price . one rack of ribs will more than fill you up . !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food and service was perfect . the wings are double dusted and really good . the ribs with apple butter sauce is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want the chain , westernized , family food experience do yourself a favour and visit a kelsey 's or better yet a jack astor 's . these places at least offer unique dishes with some interesting flavours . montana 's is as mediocre as it gets . run of the mill , predictable dishes with little oomph . i had the chicken wings , which were coated in a weird grainy corn meal , and the chicken fajitas , which came with squeeze tube guacamole . pass !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "miles better than kelsey 's but not half as good as milestones . passable if not bland fare , with average service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is always great and the service . sarah has been are server a couple of times and tall young guy kevin . not sure if he still there ! i always go to queensway montana 's for dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ribs , baby back , many yummy sauces , are excellent ! especially love all you can eat ribs every wednesday ! their beef brisket is excellent , as are all the appetizers . soup is good too . their desserts are great too . i especially love the donut holes , which are cooked to order and ( should ) arrive piping hot , to dip into yummy sauces ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today my boyfriend and i came here for dinner before our movie . came around 6:30 on q sunday and it was fairly busy , however we were sat immediately . our server was kevin aka 'kev ' we ordered the four cheese dip to start- came quickly , was warm and overall tasty . for entrees- i had the chicken tacos ( which they now give two bigger instead of three smaller ) . they were fairly good . no complaints about them . my boyfriend has the canadian burger with fries . it was a pretty average burger , but it was good overall . nutella waffle for dessert- very underwhelming and overrated . tbh boarder line terrible . stale , cold waffle with nutella squeezed out of a bottle . would not recommend . kevin was great overall . service with a smile snd offered great recommendations . our bill came to just over $ 49 for two people with apps , sodas , and 1 2 dessert the restaurant is a goodspot for quick , average food but do n't expect great food . food 3 5 service 5 5 value 4 5 overall 4 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is great , especially the baked potato with the works . service can be lackluster , it was ok at the beginning but at the end it just dropped . asked if i could get small sauces for my leftovers , apparently it was a big deal when i asked if i could get new gravy , sour cream ( mine had been used and had food in it ) . based on service i would n't want to come back no mater how good food is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is really going down hill fast . my last few visits here have been sub-par and my final visit was absolutely terrible . i think i 'm done with montana 's , certainly this one . my habanero lime `` margarita '' was watered down with an unsalted rim and , unfortunately , alcohol free . this has happened before but this time she refused to replace the drink . the food was terrible , my chicken fajitas were boiled chicken with bbq sauce squirted haphazardly on top , the meat was n't even browned and certainly not grilled . my stepson 's steak was small and not cooked as asked for . our waitress was inattentive and rude . at the end of the meal , i asked for the bill so we could get going . she returned a few minutes later , threw a desert menu on the table and practically ran away . she never returned and we finally had to go to the front to get the hostess and wait while she went to find our waitress .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend and i were invited to attend their patio party kicking off their $ 5 thursday drinks . it offered free desserts , swag , beer ( apparently ) , and had a cool live singer . the drinks were ok , so were most of the free samples . there was only one thing my friend and i had that stood out for both of us and that was their key-lime pie in a jar which was the teeniest piece of heaven . the crumbly graham cracker crust on the bottom had both of us scraping the jar to get every last bite . their cocktails are fun and creative , and kudos for giving credit to the staff who created them right in their menu . it by all means was n't my all-time favourite drink but when you are wanting to wind down after a long summer day , they do quench your thirst .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the 1 2 rack of ribs + sausage combo and boyfriend had the 1 2 rack with chicken wings . i felt that 1 2 rack was too much , should 've just got less or got 1 2 rack without the sausage . sausage had a bit of a kick and was good . not bad . this will be our go-to when we watch a movie there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so pleasantly surprised by this montana 's . to be quite honest , i would 've never gone out of my way to come to montana 's had it not been for the fact that my boyfriend received `` movie and dinner '' gift cards which included montana 's . we decided to try it out and it was fantastic . i do n't remember montana 's ever having such good selection or such good quality food but i was so impressed . we had the tacos , chicken and waffle sandwich , and the spinach dip and every item was so amazing we just could n't stop eating . the price was very reasonable , the service was great , the restaurant was clean , and the food was so satisfying that i can say we will surely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had beef ribs fries & corn . partner had ribs & wings . both cases fries are limp & stale . salad was tasteless . long island iced tea was watery . had to send it back . we 've been here multiple times and watched a slow decline in quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the alternate dining and drinking location to the kelsey 's next door . no pretentious sayings in neon bulbs , and none of that loud music either . you can actually hear yourself talk and think . service is always great imho . if you want the best of the best - sal and maeghan in the bar area never disappoint , and melanie in the dining room is fantastic . food-wise ... the ribs are the signature dish and every day of the week they have an all you can eat special . they also have half price wings on mondays - and the wings are fantastic . i also highly recommend the antojitos and the kapow shrimp . full line of beverages and decent speed of service - it 's a great `` before the movies '' dinner or `` after the movies '' drink given the proximity to the queensway ciniplex theatres . so go in - enjoy some corn bread and ribs - and tell them `` montr\u00e9al iain '' sent you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here once and will never come back . the food was not just terrible , it made me sick . i ordered the oven baked antojitos , and all i could taste was cheap , squishy cheese . i spent the next morning throwing up because of the two antojitos i did eat . we also ordered the spinich dip , which was okay , but the waitress mixed up our order and gave us cheesy bread first . she would n't admit her mistake and made it out to be our fault . overall the service was cold and unfriendly . food was terrible , service was terrible . not much else to say .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good service albeit slow . very busy though so all in all a good experience . pot roast soup is always great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed with my filet mignon at the quesensway location . it was so loaded with meat tenderizer that the top tasted like it was disintegrating . not worth the price . back to the keg for my steaks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bit of a wait for the food , but it was worth it . food and drinks were delicious ! my boyfriend got steak and i had pasta and the portions were a decent size ! i 'd recommend it ! drinks menu is n't the best but food is delicious and would gladly come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located within the new union `` shop '' at the biltmore , they have a mini-stand offering these fun treats ( the new cupcake , if you will ... or more realistically , the new way i 'm gon na gain some pounds ) . cost - $ 3.28 with tax , cash . i paid cash so i 'm not sure if they pass on a convenience charge for credit , but they did appear to have square for credit charges . i got a flavor i assume is seasonal - pumpkin with cinnamon buttercream . it was delicious ! my only complaint being that the top of my pie was a bit squished into the top of the wrapper . it looked like maybe 3 others flavors are offered , but perhaps that will expand in future weeks . i know i have my eye on the mexican chocolate chile flavor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i met this company at a wedding they were catering ( the cakes were whoopie pies ! ) and i am here to tell you they 're fantastic . what a fun and delicious way to indulge yourself ; and the owners are a wonderful model of local business . i support local , do you ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , this company is local ! so cool . second of all , these whoopie pies are indulgent and delicious . they are so good i 've used an expletive to help make my point . a must in the biltmore area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had read a review of the whoopie pie but the only pick up was too far out of my central phoenix comfort zone . luckily , i decided to stop by the opening weekend of union at the biltmore and i was lucky to find them here ! i shared the pumpkin spice and espresso cream and chocolate cake pie . the experience was so fantastic that i am now bringing a dozen to thanksgiving with the boyfriend 's family . this is my new thank you and hostess go to gift !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummmmmmmmm ! ! ! ! ! this little shop saved the holidays . i bought several 4 piece packages for all my friends . they loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unexpected little treasure ! i stumbled into this place while looking for a candy store that moved into the biltmore shopping mall . as a very frugal working girl i rarely come to this area to shop , little whoopi pie made me feel special and indulgrnt for only $ 3.28 ! ! ! salted carmel was my pie of choice , so worth the cals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mostly always a great experience last time i went the girl was super nice she was real small with burgundy hair , she turned my whole day around with how nice she was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is closed . thebuilding has been leveled to the ground . update your database .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty standard subway . go here for lunch every now and then on weekdays . only minor complaint . they do that really annoying thing where when you walk in they yell `` welcome to subway ! '' i hate places that do that . i 'm never sure if i should just nod , ignore them , or yell back `` thank you ! ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow jon at elite is awesome ! i put off a delicate matter for years and in 10 minutes my crisis turned into a solution ! thanks jon p.s . kind and compassionate", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elite investigations just took the biggest weight off of my shoulders with the information they were able to find for me . not only was their staff professional , knowledgable , and understanding but they truly went above and beyond the call of duty for me . i am so thankful that i chose do to do business with them . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elite investigations has always been my go to for any investigations that i needed handled when i worked as a trial paralegal in las vegas . even when i changed law firms i would contact jon and have him work with that new firm . he is always on top of his staff and they do an amazing , fast and thorough job . i recently contacted jon after moving away a couple years ago . i asked for his assistance with a personal matter and it he never skipped a beat . he personally assisted me over the phone right then and there . i will always recommend elite for any investigative services . jon is a great , family man with the best work ethic and compassion for any situation . he is definitely someone you want working on your side . thanks for everything jon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gyro i had here is quite possibly the best i 've had , ever- and i 've had a lot of freaking gyros , trust . the meat is super-tender and flavorful , the pita is perfectly pillowy , and the tzatziki tastes great . they 're not stingy about the sauce and feta , either ! efficiency needs a little work . note that the shop has no seating , it 's exclusively a grab-and-go counter . i spent 30+ minutes placing and waiting for an order . two other customers present during my visit came in to pick up a call-ahead order and both still had to wait quite a bit . they 've been open two months , so i would think this had been worked out a little better , but maybe they just have n't found their groove yet . menu is limited , with a few sandwiches , a salad , and options for pastries . quality is really decent and prices are very fair . note : they 're offering bogo gyros for their grand opening , so hurry in to take advantage !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my wife stopped in to try it out it was ok but definitely not the best . not sure if it was the sauce or the pita bread that made the bread fall apart . the people were very nice but could use some work . on the food any how i hope they are successful in their endeavor . but i do not believe i will be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was my first time here and i ordered the jumbo gyro special , which comes with extra meat , potatoes and a drink . which they do not have a fountain machine nor do they offer tea . therefore go to the am pm next door to get your drinks if your getting it to go . anyway back to the visit , i found the two ladies very friendly , and the gyro sandwich was very good . potatoes were simply something as a compliment they were not anything special other than boiled , chilled diced fried with some thyme . i 'd suggest sticking with fries with the gyro . i 'm not sure what type of business they are wanting to be however because when you walk in they have this counter where they sell jam , jewelry and other items too . it 's a huge display and sticks out overwhelmingly . yet the gyro sandwich was very good . i 'll be back i 'm sure but i would like to see refillable beverage options and fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is delicious however they say they deliver but every time i order i get a message back that says they are short drivers . just say you do n't deliver for goodness sake", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stumbled on this little gem when i was in the area . being a sucker for greek food i stopped in and discovered that they have some of the best gyros i 've had in a long time . the ingredients taste fresh and you get a decent portion for what you pay . i would highly recommend you stop by here if you 're in the area . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hreat place authentic greek food . must try ! i came here on my lunch the owner took good care of me . seems like a pretty new spot . she aslo comes once in a while arounf the neighborhood giving companys free samples of her food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i decided to give this place a try because it 's location is close to home . we both ordered gyro meals that came with seasoned potatoes and a drink . the gyro was good and that is why i gave 3 stars however the potatoes were awful mush with no flavor . truly did not beling on same plate with that gyro . maybe a salad or even a handful of lays potato chips would have been better . we waited a while to be served and as soon as i saw my plate i was disappointed . the potaoes ruined the meal that otherwise could have been quite enjoyable . hope they improve this because the gyro was good ! also on a side note while we waited for our food we could hear the conversation in the kitchen and the owner mona was mean to the young girl who yook our order . if anything prevents me from visiting again it is because of the way she treated the cashier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and great people no questions asked ! ! ! thank you mona ... dirce r ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there today for the first time . the owner was really inviting and nice . food is excellent ! i will be eating here more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to your store and i just want you to know you know what your doing your flavoring is off the charts i could live on your food every day of my life and you my dear are so kind please keep up the good work i am telling all my friends ! ! ! thank you for letting me taste your wonderful food ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to try this place for a while now , but i never have time . well , today i stopped in for the baklava and it was absolutely delicious . the lady working told me she made it this morning and you could tell it was fresh . the layers were delicately flaky and the nuts and seasoning were sweet and fresh . i absolutely loved the honey layer at the bottom of my container . it was sinfully delicious ! yummy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today is our first time here and the guy who is the cashier cook seem pretty chill . we asked for his recommendation and he did n't disappoint us . me and my hubby got gyros combo and they are very delicious ! ! ! the gyro meat was fresh from the pan and well seasoned . the sauce white sauce was refreshing and the tomatoes and onion were freshly cut . it was a joy in my mouth when i ate it . give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gyros taste awesome it comes with lots of meat . the only thing i did n't care for was the drinks . $ 2 for a 16oz bottle of water and $ 1.75 for a small can of soda so no refills . if it was n't for the drinks i would have given 5 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg the gyros here are amazing ! ! ! ! by far this is the best gyros restaurant in vegas , and it 's right in my backyard . no longer do i have to travel for subpar gyros . the owners are very friendly and talkative , they really connect with their customers . we will soon be on a first name bases , cause i plan to be here a lot . the only minor compliant i have , is that there is n't anywhere to seat while they prepare your food ... like i said its minor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard visibiltiy to see where the restaurant was located , but other then that ... everything was great ! i know greek & mediterranean food because i 've been to market grill cafe and paymons hundreds of times . but honestly , i can say they have the best tasting beef gyro ! order the gyro works ! chicken or traditional you ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have recently changed names , management and upgraded the menu . the food is very good and they always have specials like $ 9.99 weekend brunch with bottomless mimosa bar . follow the golf course facebook page for updated specials . the staff is very friendly , and we have yet to be disappointed . we live in the community and find it a great place to bring friends and family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times and i will start of by saying that the food is good . today , i came in and i was stopped . a rude employee stated i could not eat there if i was not at least 21 . i would have appreciated a `` how can i help you today ? '' but instead he came over like he did n't even want to speak with my friend and i. i could understand that rule especially near the bar but there is seating far from it and i have eaten many times in those areas . i just wanted fries and now a rule that did n't stop me before , is interfering .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had brunch today and expected a crowd of hungry people in a line for food . but instead we experienced a nice crowd that flowed in and out for a very relaxing experience . the kitchen staff was keeping the food fresh and hot and cold food cold ! as it should be ! the prime rib was slightly on the medium well side , which i like , but could have been more to the rare side as some others wanted . the saving part was it was flavorful and very tender . our server was friendly , always with a smile and kept all her tables glasses filled with water and of course mimosas on going ! they had several flavors with prickly pear and mango our favs ! ! ! with new management and new ideas this place is a las vegas winner ! golf , great drinks , good food , easy parking and a beautiful view ! a person at the next table said the thursday night happy hour was great ! got ta give it a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i golf here a lot and have eaten here a few times , great staff and food . the breakfast burrito is amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first two times i came here the live music was great and the service was ok . i enjoyed the food and the prices as well . however , i came in today and was rudely greeted by a man . he walked up to my friend and i like we were a hassle . i was then told we could n't eat there due to the fact that we were n't over 21 . i can understand not being near the bar , but i just wanted some french fries . so instead we took our business somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing as always and the cast of characters are fabulous . the food is great . no complaints ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service excellent , tapas excellentes , les crevettes piquante sont succulente , la pieuvre aussi . et que dire de la brandade de morue , la meilleure que j'ai gout\u00e9 . 2 bemols toutefois : le lieu est tr\u00e8s bruyant et les prix plut\u00f4t \u00e9lev\u00e9 . mais j'y retournerais pour goutter le reste de la carte", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our favorite portuguese restaurant . food is delicious , though service can sometimes be slow ! make a reservation on a weekend night . my favorite dish is the porco alentejana ( pork with clams and little fried potatoes in a sizzling sauce ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best places i have eaten at ! i highly recommend this heavenly delightful restaurant . food is amazing , you 'll sit in silence savouring each bite of food . start with their signature shrimp . you can thank me later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "si vous n'aimez pas la morue ( la vraie , pas celle de fereira ) allez ailleurs.meme si le reste est tr\u00e8s bon aussi.personnel aimable et empresse , beaux vins , cadre vieillissant , client\u00e8le fid\u00e8le.charmant ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic ! ! ! ! food is amazing ! service is better ! highly recommended . garlic shrimp is soooo good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time ever dining at a portuguese restaurant and went with 6 people . waiter was the only server but spoke very good english , had a great personality , was attentive to all tables , and explained dishes well . chicken , steak , cod , salad and paella were all fantastic topped off with the red house wine . would definitely go back if in the area again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't be fooled by the simple facade of this place on st. laurent . the interior nicely tiled and cozy and the food was delicious . we had a rack of lamb and grilled seabass steak . the lamb was a bit in th overcook side for me , nevertheless it was delicious with the thinly sliced potatoes and the minimum greens it came with . my dinner companion did n't finish her seabass steak , but i think it was because the sheer size of it . we washed the dinner down with a half liter of house rioja . it was a pleasant dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , nice service and good wine . we will come back again even just for the people here . recommend the seafood here especially the lobster and cod .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say , this is my go to place when i feel like having solid good food , good service and ... excellent bread with olives and olive oil . as a moroccan , i love doing my bread in the olive oil . their bread as well as their oil are excellent . one of preferred meals is the grilled chicken . every time it 's juicy , crispy and tasty . ask at the same time . guys take care of my nice plate . come and try this place which has been part of the community for so long", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just walked into the establishment and was seated quickly . i ordered a seafood platter which was amazing with the amount of fish and seafood you receive on a plate . the flavor was great and was cooked perfectly . recommend this restaurant for those who want to enjoy some good seafood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c'est la saison du homard\uff0cmes amis m'dit ! je ne sais pas comment le cuisine , alors je trouve casa minhota , c'est d\u00e9licieux ! les serveurs sont sympathiques ! et \u00e0 la prochaine fois !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really cozy place . the food and the service was delightful . the pear dessert , steak , and even the escargot . the portuguese fries are very simple , yet delicious . their plates are plated well , accented appropriately , and portioned nicely . while they serve their table bread cold , it is still light . given the large number of staff members working , service was quite slow , though the place was a bit busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here with a friend for her birthday and we both loved it . it 's affordable , the food is really tasty , and the service is great . we started with a salad -- the dressing was so yummy ! ! we ordered the house wine and portuguese paella for our main course . loved the paella ! the seafood was fresh and the dish was well seasoned . the house wine was impressive -- house wines are n't usually this tasty , at least in my experience , but this one was really good ! ! overall , it was a pleasant experience , and i would definitely recommend this place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used filter clean today for the first time and all i can say is i wish i had found them years ago . the job they did was great and there is no way i could ever have achieved the level of cleaning on my pool filters that they provided . more surprising was the fact that they were done with my filters in under one hour . not only that but they were professional , responsive and did the work for a very good price . i 'll be a regular customer from here on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys offer a great service , they will clean and re-band cartridge filters and all you have to do is drop it off with them for a couple hours . their prices are generally cheaper than what a pool service guy will charge and you do n't have to get dirty cleaning your own filters . the shop is in a small business complex and is a little hard to find but well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought our pool filter cartridges to filterclean and within an hour , they were sparkling and rebanded with brand new bands ! osama is super friendly and offers amazing customer service ! we will definitely use filterclean again for our pool filters !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a first time home-buyer and jamie made the experience smooth and easy . he was professional and cared about making my experience the best it could be . jamie was readily available and thorough when answering questions that i had . i would highly recommend jamie to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience working with jamie for our first ever home mortgage . very honest gentleman with very good business ethics . i spoke to a lot of companies before i got introduced to jamie . he is a straight shooter , no nonsense guy . gave me the rate breakdown and described to me ( in full disclosure ) how much the loan would cost . his estimates were spot on and i was able to track any changes in numbers very easily . he and his team are very responsive and answer all calls promptly . from start to finish we were done in a month , given we had christmas and new year 's holidays in between . i highly recommend jamie for your mortgage needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jamie has been a super mortgage broker -- so much so that i used him twice in 3 years . he takes the time to explain all the details and works super hard to make sure it gets done on time and very professionally . i recommend him highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spoke to a few brokers when refinacing but jamie came up with the best rate . he is easy to work with and an all around nice guy . i would not hesitate to call him for any future loans", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment with barb after struggling with sudden acne for a few months . i 'm amazed by the difference in my skin after just one appointment ! i did n't think i 'd see results for at least a few weeks , but after the facial and following barb 's recommendations , my skin cleared up significantly in just a few days . barb took the time to listen and advise me on my skincare routine and lifestyle , and even looked over the products i currently use so i could implement some of them into my new routine . i really appreciate her personalized care and the fact that she makes sure you 're comfortable with what you 're purchasing . i already feel 100 times more confident with my skin and it has n't even been a week since my first appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no one is better at addressing skin issues than barb ! she helped me heal my acne years ago before i moved to california . ( i miss her so much ! ) i recently saw her for some waxing while i was visiting az , and was reminded of how truly fabulous she is . she is extremely thorough -- my eyebrows have n't looked this great in years ! i 'm hoping to move back to az soon , and i 'll be a regular for sure . looking forward to barb helping me age gracefully with beautiful and radiant skin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very impressed and overwhelmed with the results and professional experience i receive every time i came in . i will never go to anyone else for facial care . thank you barb for being amazing at what you do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "checked out this place after purchasing a deep pore cleansing facial voucher via livingsocial . i really enjoyed the attention to detail and barb has a great personality . the facial was so relaxing and my skin was glowing afterwards . i will certainly return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barb is fantastic ! all of the joys of working with a small business owner , great service at a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barb offers the highest level of customer service . her expertise and commitment to her craft is evident from the moment you meet her . i have had many services from her over the last year and a half . each time i walk away feeling like it was the best experience i 've had . she is amazing and i ca n't recommend her enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am always impressed with the wealth of knowledge she has in regard to the relationship of nutrition and skin . i 'm a guy and can honestly say , every man should try a salon visit at least once . it 's important to look good at every age !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know there are lots of places to get a good burger , but tony roma 's has a burger with a couple of my fave toppings - havarti cheese and mushrooms , topped off with one of the signature sauces you ca n't go wrong . the menu is traditional american without many surprises . the catch here is that the simple food they make tastes really good . i do n't recommend the brisket - not if you 're used to the smoked-all-day and shredded to perfection kind like i 'm used to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tony roma 's is n't an amazing place . you 'll find much better rib joints around . it 's just a typical chain with typical chain food and chain food decor and service . nothing offensive , but nothing great either . the thing that kicks tony roma 's over the 3-star line are the freakin ' onion loaves . literal , giant loaves of lightly breaded and fried sweet onions that you can then dredge in your choice of sauce . i like my stuff sweet , so i go for the carolina honeys and it 's awesome , but they have other tangier choices available . one thing that our pals from down south or out east should know : this ai n't bbq like you 're used to . this is thick , sweet sauce bbq .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been regular customers at this location for over 10 years but last nights exp was probably our last . our dissatisfaction came over a $ 2 charge which is unfortunate but was enough to help us realize that we were only coming back out of habit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we try to go at least once a month since we have the camp card that gives a buy one get one free entree . love their baby back ribs ! the service is hit or miss depending on your server . i would have to say danielle was our favorite out of the few we have had . see y'all soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have no complaints . great location . great service . had the flat iron with asparagus , bacon and pearl onions for $ 17 . delish ! i recommend the loaded mash potatoes . not really a potato fan but these were so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is like pulling teeth to try and give this company money business ! ! ! i must reiterate what others have stated - crew not showing up , no returned calls , totally flaky service . do n't waste your time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried to contact this company 3 times for service after getting a filer on the door . we set up 3 different appointments . they did n't show up for any of them . claimed they called and sent emails , no missed calls , no emails ( even checked spam ) . they have no idea what is going on . they called me back once and told me i was on the schedule for service , i was still waiting for an estimate . they were suppose to come today to provide service and never came or contacted us to reschedule . run away from this company . i truly have no idea how they are in business . they are not professional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new landscaper for my backyard , and found a acme lawn care flyer taped to my front door . i should have kept right on walking to the recycling bin and thrown out the advertisement . this company did an awful job on every aspect of job . my grass was cut so low it died , my fruit trees were hacked so bad i 'm not sure they will make it , and on top of that , i could branches everywhere ! i thought one of the major points in landscaping was to clean up when the job is done . when i made mention of my dissatisfaction , i was told everything is normal , and this was a tough job . in reality i should have just done it myself ! this company apparently is so amazing in landscaping , that they also dabble in pool maintenance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware they are horrible to deal with ! ! ! `` could not be more uncaring if they tried to be ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last week our zoe passed and i used good shepherd pet services to handle her remains . i called basically incoherent with grief on thur. , and colleen was very patient and kind . they were able to pick zoe up the next day , and monday her remains were back home . this is unfortunately the 4th time we have used good shepherd svcs. , but we have had as good an experience as possible with them considering the losses of our pets . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my beloved friend and companion of 14 years passed away april 30 , 2017 . badger was my cat 's name and i was devastated to see him pass away that night . it was a sunday , and i took him to carolina veterinarian specialists , charlotte , at 7:30 am that morning . these wonderful people are open 24 7 . they were very helpful and provided me the option of cremation through the good shepherd pet services . i was able to pick out a special urn for him , as well as the option to get a clay mold of his paw print , and a lock of his fur . they were very compassionate and they did an absolute beautiful job . i also received a certification of authenticity . thank you all for helping me through this very difficult time of loss . having his asses near me and knowing he 's back home is a comfort to me . i am sure other grieving `` fur baby '' parents feel this way too ! so grateful to you all . sincerely conny latta", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buy 1 get 2nd 50 % off . : ) i was visiting las vegas for the weekend and need to stop by to look for funko pop toys that i was missing . store staff was very helpful in finding the toys i needed , and check backroom stock for items that were not on the shelves . a+ good customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the first store we hit when we got to fashion show mall . we dont have a hot topic in canada . i always enjoy going to stores we do n't have . this location was n't overly big . mostly tshirts , cheap jewelry and `` mall gothfashion '' i was n't in the mood to try any clothes on or i would of checked out a few skirts i saw . we only bought a few cosmetic items , bright blue & green liquid eyeliner , and a white eyeshadow . they were all on clearance which is funny since i only use high end cosmetics . but i had forgot some of my makeup at home , and brightly colored liquid liner is sometimes hard to find . the girl who rang us up had super cool nails . she wasnt overly friendly but did tell us how the salon did the tips all glittery . i now kinda wish i would of tried that skirt on ... hmmm another reason to return to vegas sooner , then later .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't really shop here for the band t-shirts anymore ( very pricey anyway ) , but for their hello kitty stuff . i know that sounds funny , because the sanrio store is right across from it . but sometimes the store has bogo 50 % on the 2nd item . besides , my husband also likes to go in for their figures ( ok , i really call them toys , but i guess he considers them collectibles ) . it 's one of the few stores he likes to visit in this mall . otherwise , the aisles are a little tight , especially when there are other customers , and when one is pushing a baby stroller . of course , you find this out when you become a parent . we stropped bringing the large one because things would start getting caught on it and would fall off the racks displays .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to think hot topic was just for goth clothing but it 's actually a haven for pop culture . there 's a lot of anime and popular tv movie items that you can buy here . sample includes : doctor who , attack on titan , sailor moon , sword art online , bob 's burgers , etc . i actually ended up buying a doctor who jigsaw puzzle and some suspenders since they were having a buy one get one 30 % off the entire store . my puzzle was on sale for some reason which was great ! the store layout is a bit cramped especially since the cashier is in the middle of the store . this is typical for hot topic stores though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love coming to this location versus all the other ones because the customer service is on point ! jesse ( i really hope i got her name correct ) always gives me the best service and let 's me know when new things that i collect arrive at the store . they always have new items that fit my geeky needs lol . i will continue to always shop here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't really shopped at hot topic since high school however my brother loooooves their pants . i went in search of them for a xmas present and also looking for dressier tapered black pants that were not necessarily slacks . it took a while at first to get some attention but as soon as i did i was it was kindly and quick . made my trip to fashion show during the craziest time of the year amazing ! the only thing is that i wish i could give the kid that assisted me credit but i did n't see a name or was mentioned one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i try my hardest not to go into this location but i always have to for some reason . but they are always so rude and never willing to help they definitely need management the best ones are the one at the boulevard and galleria avoid fashion show hottopicby all means", "score": "1"}
{"review": "prices are steep to express oneself in this goth , hipster , alternative fashion . i am a fan of graphic shirts and the use of every color within the rainbow , but geez it would cost me more to dress down then it does to prep up . the graphic tees emblazoned with power rangers , sailor moon , care bears , my little pony , etc . are cool . they have a green ranger shirt , i am torn between that and the yellow ranger ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "want that expensive rope dog leash and i do n't even have a dog . want that $ 20 old key can opener . there are things in here i did n't know i needed and then i realize i must have made in canada socks . i must have a marble tray . i must have another coffee chemex pot . i must have ... some explaining to do when i get home . and , look at that kerning in their logo , though . it 's emblematic of how much space is between each item for sale in the store . respect that move , and respect a store that 'll go for broke and carry both expensive ropes and oregonian sea salts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picture your favourite winter socks . are you doing it ? are they woolen and heather gray with red stripes around the top ? of course they are ! old faithful shop carries your old faithful favourites , and completely deserves it 's adorable name . this store is a pleasure to be in . very minimal and calming , yet filled with lots of great household brands . blankets , coffee extras , soaps and sleek extras make up the inventory , and i dig it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is this place brand new ? ! grand opening sunday march 8 , 2015 ! old faithful shop 's simple storefront made me stop and want to shop ! imports from the west coast : jacobsen , stumptown , blackbird from portland my favorite city ! a good supply of coffee making equipment chemex and hario . ofs is originally from vancouver .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great informative service . i always appreciated staff that know the stories behind their product and that are happy to communicate them . although items are n't cheap , i use and enjoy everything i got ( charlotte & castel soaps , the soap dishes , copper scrubbies ) . very happy to see canadian indie brands being featured . will be back for gifts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "swan dive keeps it simple , and if you 're after something other than , you wo n't agree with my five stars . but guess what ? we also wo n't be friends , sooo there ! ha ! free pool , reasonably priced drinks , walkable from those other cool joints on dundas w that often disappoint and trophy cases . what more do you need , woman ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibes , bartenders , food with a tasty selection of brews . i had their vegetable curry and it was omnomnom ! free pool too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 've got booze and a free pool table . i could move in here . it 's cleaner than my basement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simplicity at simplicity 's sake ... but with a twist . all those weird and funky toys and board games that you thought were hidden in your parents basement can be found here . a dive bar in swan 's clothing , this place has free pool ( one table in the back ) , board games to play , weird toys on the bar to amuse yourself with and you can watch some movies on the big screen ( the volume is off ) while downing your brew . i did see a small menu of food but we did n't order anything so i ca n't comment on it . there was a mixed crowd of young hip dudes and some old foggies like me . all in all we had a fun time playing pool and amusing ourselves with the toys . there are even trophies here so when you win at pool you can take a picture with one and be like a real winner", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome . comfortable , great tunes , friendly service ... cheap drinks ! free pool ... ca n't go wrong ! i 'll be back ... ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very chill bar with great cocktails and good music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to go if you want to have some casual drinks and beers with friends . the place is pretty small on seating but it never gets overly crowded . they have a pool table as well which is fun and some card board games . overall the workers were very nice , drinks are a reasonable price and the food is actually really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in on a random night of dundas street bar hopping to this newly established watering hole . what i believe at one point may have been an old portuguese dive bar , is now a dark and divey hipster aimed dive bar with vintage bar stools and a few pieces of collective furniture , and a pool table in the back . various walls decorated with an interesting mix of paint or comic book collage . 3 types of duggans beers on tap , and a very friendly bartender serving it all up . crowd was a mixed grouping but mostly late 20 's or early 30 's , much akin to the type you 'd usually find scouring the area late on a weekend . curious to see what develops from the place , but so far so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here today . beer and bourbon specials which is a good start . has most of the ear marks of a current dive bar . vintage nicknacks , movie posters , retro furniture , dark , hipster staff etc etc . but it is done well . and in a great location ! eclectic choice of music on the speakers as well . reminds me of the old margaret bar in the junction which is a very good thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this pool is huge ! they have 2 ! adult swim times ( suck it kids ! ) and a fun little kids area with water spashy things and water pouring things , two water slides , a diving board ( or 2 , i ca n't remember ) and a rock climbing wall that falls into the water . i mean , where was this when i was a kid ? ? they had a food area , it was basically microwaved snacks and candy . there were a ton of bees around that area . so many that honestly , i could n't enjoy my microwaved snacks . the crowd is mostly families and a few young couples . unfortunately , the parking is at the bottom of a hill and the sidewalk leading up to the pool is pretty steep . if you have a stroller or a wheelchair or something , i 'm sorry , i feel bad for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall , this pool is awesome . i mean , adult swim twice a day ? i 'm there ! and for all you 12-15 year olds out there , you do n't have the typical , take a 15 min break each hour . is that normal pool rules ? it was when i was growing up . the only real downfall i found here was that the bathrooms smell . i even overhead a chick say `` i do n't like going in that bathroom without my flip flops because it stinks . '' hopefully they fix that issue before people start going in the pool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "neighborhood treasure . crowded on weekends of course , but later in the afternoon on weekdays , it is downright peaceful . the kids area is awesome . beautiful pool , nice people working there , cute snack bar area . typical fare but that 's what the kids and i want at the pool . i agree with a few other posters that the bathrooms could be a little nicer . prices are great . love this place ! ! summer sanctuary since my mt . lebanon yard is too small for a pool", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this pool a couple weeks ago ... very pleasantly surprised ! nice , large pool with 2 long water slides ( 1 slower flume slide and a fast tube slide ) and a nice sized kids splash area . admission prices are a bargain as far as i am concerned ( $ 7.50 adult $ 6.50 kids ) . all staff was pleasant and helpful , and atmosphere was relaxed . small snack bar with decent selection , although prices are all over the place ... some items seem a bit high-priced , but i can live with that in a more upscale less urban seting . only issue was insufficient parking close to the pool area..long uphill walk with kids strollers to get back to car ... but it was a hot saturday afternoon . definitely will ( and already have ) go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tyler is a caring individual with excellent listening skills to pick up on subtle distress . i have known him as a fellow student and trusted colleague for 3 years and appreciate his advice . i have recommended his services to others knowing his competence and ability to assist others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyler rich is a wonderful therapist who works hard to meet each of his client 's needs . he is not afraid to challenge his clients when they need that extra push , but also is able to provide comfort by creating a safe space for clients to heal and or move in a positive direction . he is experienced in working with lgbtq , children , teens , couples , family and individuals who struggle with diverse issues . i would recommend his services , and back him 100 % .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyler rich is an exceptional therapist . he provides great insight and sensitivity while working with individual and relational issues . he is a compassionate professional whose fresh and energetic approach allows clients to see , hear and affirm themselves . tyler works alongside his clients providing a safe place to explore strategies for more meaningful living .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband went for a cut for the first time today . he said the customer service was great , they have a comfortable waiting area , and he was very happy with the haircut he received and the prices . he said he will be a repeat customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always walk out with one of the best cuts i 've ever had . being someone who travels a lot it 's vital i can get in and out . working with josh , who now takes appointments , allows me to do just that . would n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a clean cut , dale is the man to see . he took his time to give me that bald fade with a hard part , cali style but in ohio !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice guys - really talented . got a great fade and good trim . took a card too which was a big help - i hate the barbershops that are cash only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband has been cutting my boys hair for years , but we thought it was time to take them to a proper barbershop . he came in on a tuesday when the ship is usually closed . was extremely patient with my tender headed little boy , and gave both my boys incredible cuts . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was impressed with my cut . joe took his time and it showed with the finished product . i would highly recommend this place if you need a reliable barber or if you are just passing through . got me right in on short notice too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had one of the best haircuts i 've ever had by master barber dale ! perfect fade and helped cleanup a bad hard part from a previous cut ! i 've found my new barber ! the professionalism and comfortable feeling he gave me is what other barbers need to learn from . thank you dale ! a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic barber shop , comfortable , great hours , good prices and excellent barbers , especially tone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best haircut i ever got ! tony is not only amazing at what he does , but an all around great guy . i wish he was in chicago !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good fresh food at a decent price fries are so-so chips and salsa good ... .sometimes the tortilla soup is awesome and different , made with coconut milk . sounds weird , but delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stepped into the rumbi island grill for lunch . the interior is cute with fake palm trees and other island themed decor . the menu is on a digital screen and there are a lot of different options for you to choose from . i decided on a half bowl of luau pork with jerk sauce and white rice . the meal arrived quickly , and had a nice presentation . there was a good balance of veggies and meat and the bowl had enough rice to go with it . the pork and sauce was too salty for my tastes though so i had to eat it with a lot of the rice and veggies to dilute out the saltiness . at lunchtime it was moderately busy , not overly crowded . in addition to inside seating , there 's a nice little patio for eating outdoors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "usually love this place . today i placed my order and it arrived at my table wrong . i politely asked that they fix it so they took it back to the kitchen , removed the mistake by hand , stirred the plate around a little bit and brought it back to me . i 'm sorry that your mistake could cut into your margins but that 's not my fault . next time if you screw up , please properly fix your mistake ! p.s . $ 10 for a teriyaki bowl is too pricey !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place ! their kalua pork sandwich is honestly better than any that i ever ate during my two month vacation in hawaii . hawaii is known for their kalua pork . i ate it all over the state during my time there . on pizza , on sliders , on plates , on sandwiches . . . none of it as good as what rumbi grill serves . i love the bbq sauce that accompanies it too . a great sandwich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been coming rumbi for years . it 's what i call `` slow fast food '' . you go up to the counter and order your food . they then give you a number to place on your table and they will bring it to you in 5-10 minutes . the rice bowls have a ton of food and i always have enough for lunch the next day . i 've also had their chicken sandwich ... .delicious ! they also have sweet potato fries which is always a plus in my book ! their tropical salsa is homemade and fantastic ! i would definitely recommend this place for lunch or dinner . mondays and tuesdays are kids eat free . a meal will run you around $ 10 and is well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salty salty salty and bland . not to mention , watching the employee eat out in the dining room , while obviously oogling at women as they walked by was a big thumbs down . how tasteless .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 've lived in california and had true hawaiian food like the loft - island fried chicken mixed plates with mac salad and cabbage salad or king 's hawaiian 's mixed plates , do not come to rumbi 's with those expectations . however , if you want a good quality chicken breast teriyaki bowl with some quality fresh veggies , this is your place . i had the chicken teriyaki bowl which was pretty good . the side order of mac salad and coleslaw and rumbi burger with mixed fries were not up my standards . their mac salad was bland - too many large chunks of pasta , the coleslaw was bland and did not have enough dressing as well . burger was ok . i think one thing rumbi does really well : their mixed french fries + sweet potato fries - great fries . i 'd come for the fries . but everything else was ok in my book .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they finally added my favorite item to the menu . the pineapple coconut curry bowl was a `` special '' item and they got rid of it for a few weeks and brought it right back on the main menu . it is delicious . very good . the orange bowl with noodles is also very good . i highly recommend the sweet potato fries as well . the people working here are always friends . ca n't wait till the weather cools down to sit out on the patio . portions on everything are large and well worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite lunch destinations . everything i 've tried here is great , i 'm surprised it 's not busier than it is . we can usually get right in most any time . their sweet potato fries are amazing and anything with their aioli sauce on it is to die for ! voodoo chicken salad ... you rock !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love hawaii . lived on the north shore . but , i 've always been disappointed with island food . islanders will eat anything . all of that fresh , indigenous , tropical food and they eat junk meat . this place is a little fresher than the real deal , no spam . its just not different enough . i know that 's not what they 're trying to appeal to , but i always do my food reviews based on quality not taste or texture .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to rumbi grill tonight with a party of 14 , 9 of which were children . the ordering process was quick and on tuesdays children eat free with every adult meal purchased . the food was excellent and the service even better . they pulled tables together for us and as we were getting ready to leave we were stacking our plates , getting ready to bus our own table when they came buy and explained that they would do it and it was part of their service . i would never have gone here if not for the suggestion of a friend in our group but we live close and will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the jamaican jerk salad and sweet potatoe fries are awesome . there my favorites . nice friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i really enjoyed the different tastes they offer . they have a nice outside area as well that allows the kids to run around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite seafood restaurant . amazing flavors , nice , and clean restaurant . the staff are extremely nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing burgers . great teriyaki . to die for fries and a great atmosphere . add to that a friendly staff and chill atmosphere you have a great place to have a meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average food , great service . to go order : ordered jerk seasoned chicken it came out plain . and instead of jerk sauce was given teriyaki . overall ok if you want something quick . sadly with so many options in this area it would be nice if they stepped up the good flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "way to make a great first and last impression . close at 9 , we got there 8:45. girl at order register counting her drawe , no acknowledgement . after a few minutes my wife says `` its our first time here '' to which she replied that she was closed . go to the other cashier who finished up with a customer and then immediately said `` ill be right back '' . we will not be back . mahalo", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place the burgers are or was the best in town which surprised us because it 's a island grill . but lately the buns have been hard dry and not good at all . maybe they got a deal on buns but what a mistake . i will try it one more time after a couple of months and see if they smarten up and go back to the original delicious buns they had before .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just got in from fl . here for three weeks , definitely coming back . pork luau plate was heavenly , mac salad was perfect . rumbi island grill is # winning for your stomach and soul", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girl behind the counter was rather rude to the man in front of my husband and i and she was n't very friendly to us either . the food was extremely salty and plain . we wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "6 5 stars ! this place is so good ! sweet potato fries are to die for . every time i come in the staff is friendly and helps with everything . they discontinued some tacos i get and she gave me a free entree for not having it ! great customer service and great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vibe is great . i love the interior and feel of everything . the staff is friendly and professional . the food is awesome and a nice change of pace from your typical place around my area . the pulled pork rice bowl is my favorite . but the pineapple teriyaki burger is a close 2nd . great food , great service , great vibe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at the show and wow was i not impressed ! being in vegas and heard so many great things about it i expected to see so much more ! first off there were not too many big name vendors . mostly had small start ups showing their products in small booths . the presentations i did see were not as fabulous as expected . you 'd think more of the people attending the show would 've come in looking the part at the very least to present themselves as great stylist or make up artist but most came looking like bums . bought some product i already use and took off since there was nothing really new and exciting . waste of time and money ... never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . do n't waste your money . went two years in a row . paid o a lot for each class . 2 out of 3 were just awful . the excuse was that their staff could n't show up due to being inebriated and or the instructors actually were inibriated divas that insulted everyone . these `` advanced '' classes were no better than the techniques i learned in beauty school . it seemed more like a group of narcissists than a group of teachers . i put in a complaint to ibs and they said they 'd get back to me shortly , it 's been months . this is false advertising . i feel like they robbed me . basically we paid for them to party it up in vegas . now i will say that one class was phenomenal . but that 's because she is a kind hearted person and she actually cares . that was kandee johnson 's class . but other than her class , everything else was terrible and i seriously doubt i 'll go in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time attending this hair show in las vegas , 2016 , i am from wisconsin , traveled by airplane to this ibs hair show and i was not too impressed with it . there are a lot of vendors that are there just to sell their product two people at a high price and not give us our stylist cosmetologist discount , overpriced on a lot of products , did not see any hair color name brand that i even recognized , took home about 3 educational ideas from this hair show which i 'm grateful for . just a big shopping show if you ask me . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesomest ! so glad i came from hawaii , loved it all especially lashes , brows , nails , skin and beauty", "score": "4"}
{"review": "june 25-27th , 1 person this show is massive and a bit overwhelming ! i have a boutique nail & bodywork spa , but there 's not a lot here for either ! the vendors are more geared towards hair and aestheticians . for the cost of ticket , travel and hotel ; unless you or your place does it all , it does n't seem worth it . the ( free ) educational seminars are 90 minutes long and have little nuggets of good information , but they are inevitably trying to sell you on their 3 day intensive courses . i suggest you cab , uber , or lyft it , to and from , to not have to deal with the parking !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "okay , stumbled upon this place on the ig . it 's well done filipino joint . went because on ig showed the mami soup and siopo . it 's not common to see around here . it 's was more than exceptional . and not to mention the variety of the items on the menu . definitely coming back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty bawmb . not bomb , but bawmb . where has java rice been all my life ? ! one star removed for messing up on one of my to-go orders . we ordered two of the pork belly with java rice meals and they just gave us pork belly , no java rice . we did n't notice this until we were already home . i called and the manager said they 'd give me a.discount next time . we 'll see how that goes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly and warmhearted staff . the place is very clean and organized , and its nice to take a peek inside their kitchen and to see how lively it is inside . if you 've ever been to a filipino restaurant , expect to be treated like family , and this restaurant does not lack that aspect ! : ) the lady at the cashier is very nice , i forgot her name , but she gave me a free refill for my sago-gulaman ! : d the menu is very diverse , filled with your favorite filipino foods . prices are decent and wo n't break the budget . check this place out while you can !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped by on a friday night for dinner . we must have been a little early because we got seated right away , but only a little while later the restaurant got busy . and for good reason . we had the soy chicken and pork skewers with garlic rice and a fried tofu and pork belly side dish . everything was superb . you can tell the chefs know how to put together a delicious plate of food . the restaurant itself is nice and comfortable . the service is friendly and very competent . i do n't give five stars lightly . what they might lack in terms of a glitzy five star experience they make up for in deliciousness , friendliness and value . definitely worth giving them a try . it 's a family-owned business that deserves to thrive ! i want to be able to go back and eat more of their tasty food . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this filipino place is something worth considering . we were skeptical ar first to try it but we were glad that we did . this place has a mix of modern and old filipino vibes , personally , i liked . also music was on point . food presentation 5 5 customer service 5 5 very attentative atmosphere 5 5 only positive criticism i would say is that , sweet and sour chicken should be sweeter with more sauce but over all the place is a solid 9 10", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say i 'm very impressed with this quaint , recently opened restaurant ! ! being very unassuming in a strip mall akin to many other quick dine restaurants , i did n't expect much ... we were pleasantly surprised with exquisite service from a young staff serving us very accurate representations of traditional filipino food at very inexpensive prices ! ! we will be back soon to try many of the other items on their recently updated menu ! ! ! yesssss , we want more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service , everyone is extremely nice , i love the atmosphere and the music is right up my alley . will definitely come back again : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their soup is always the best when i 'm not feeling well ! for $ 6.99 you get two choices of meat . i usually get the beef stew and wonton . also , do n't forget to get a side of siopao . there 's 3 choices of noodles , and i love love love the thin egg noodle . reminds me of back home ( daly city , ca ) when i used to eat at this noodle soup house called `` ling nam '' their java rice is really tasty as well ! i definitely will be coming back here and bringing my family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for dinner with the family tonight and the food was absolutely delicious ! ! ! our meal consisted of adobo chicken , lechon , pansit & the 12 piece appitezer platter ! the best filipino food that i have had in vegas ! ! in addition , the environment was welcoming and very clean . the staff was very friendly ( even the chef hollered from the kitchen thanking us and telling us to have a good evening ) & we did not feel as though we were being rushed to pay our bill & get out . i will definitely go again , when visiting from california ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sarap ! busog ! taob ang boodle boat ! my family and i are usually picky when eating at filipino restaurants and heavily critique the flavor , consistency and presentation , afterall , as filipinos ourselves , we are capable of cooking such cuisine to our liking . however , full house bbq deserves a 5-star rating ! not one item we tasted , served on the boodle boat , was on either side of the the tasting scale ; nothing was bland nor salty . even the crispiness of the fried pampano was perfect ! two thumbs up ! kudos to the chef !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is actually my second visit to this place and so far , this by far is my favorite spot for local filipino food ! and its only a block away from my house ! ! wooohoooo ! lumpiang sariwa is on point ! the flavor , texture of the wrap is hands down the best i 've had . roasted pork belly ( lechon kawali . ) i have to say , it 's better than the ones i 've had in this town which carries so many filipino restaurants that are over priced yet , this place delivers with every damn bite ! located just 1 4 mile off of silverado ranch and maryland parkway ... i will for sure be back for sure , most likely on my days off ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this place , first and foremost , i do n't go out to many filipino places . i 'm picky and i have family that makes it homemade , and there is nothing like homemade filipino cuisine . lol with that aside , full house was decent . i had the lechon kawali lunch special . with their java rice . did n't see anything special with the java rice . had the lechon kawali , it was promising . parts of it were really crunchy and hot , some of it was lukewarm . the best part of the dish , was the sauce for it ... .no not mang tomas ... but..wait for it ... ... ... ... .the chef 's home made lechon sauce..it was good , alot chunkier than mang tomas . noble attempt . i would go back , but just not get the lechon next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had : pork sinigang- yum beef sisig - good , but wish it had more tang and the regular traditional pork . they only had pork belly as a pork option bicol express - supper yummy ! spicy , my father in law does n't like spice and he braved through it because it was so tasty . limpia , calamari , and one other appetizer wish we had room for dessert . wish i took pics but it was so good we ate it all . service was great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to restaurant for filipino food in vegas . they have fresh tasty filipino food to order , friendly service , and reasonably priced . all you can drink sago gulaman and cantaloupe drinks ftw !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited full house bbq after reading the reviews and looking at pictures of that mouth watering sizzling pork sisig . sadly , i was disappointed how it turned out . the taste was n't the problem it was savory and rich , but the meat was way overcooked . the small bits of meat in the dish , were too crispy and it became difficult to chew . the real winner i thought was the siopao with bbq pork filling . the way they steamed the dough with the meat inside created great flavor . i want to give this place another shot , they have lots of other interesting things on the menu i would like to try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "considering how most other filipino restaurants are , this one is a notch above . unlike most local filipino places , the food is n't in heated trays , and instead you order off a menu , and your food is freshly cooked . the decor of the restaurant is simple and pleasing to the eye , and very presentable ( also unlike most filipino restaurants ) . the menu is good , but it should be noted that the menu is n't fil-am , but more traditional filipino . not a down point , or an up point , just a point . we had the tokwa at baboy , arroz caldo , chicken mami , and inasal , and they were all good , and of a very good portion . i actually want to go back sometime to go try their 1 2 lb siopao .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great meal if you 're looking for some good old filipino food . also one of the few filipino places that are clean and spacious . got the pork bqq and chicken bqq and for $ 5.99 it was amazing ! the pork belly was great too . would i go back ? most definitely . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome the food is fantastic i 've eaten here a few times and i have never been disappointed i recommend to everyone the price is good for the food and service you receive", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my oxtail soup had good taste , but a little greasy for me . think the fat should have been skimmed off better , but the meat was very tender and the vegetables were fresh . also tried the appetizer plate with fried fish balls , shanghai and dumplings . sorry to say , it looked better than it tasted . the fish balls and dumplings tasted okay , but i could n't finish the shanghai . the shanghai wrapper was good and crisp , but the filling was not cooked all the way . not sure if i will return , but if i do , think i 'll try the bbq next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worse filipino bbq i 've had . very small portions , very saucy bbq taste more like hawaiian bbq . garlic rice was nothing special i could actually taste hard pieces of rice . sago gulaman very little flavor of sweetness and again very little sago . very disappointing and the food was n't even hot , barely warm . unbelievable ! they need to be more generous with portions for the price they charge or they wo n't make it . you know filipinos love large portions . i can go to pinoy pinay and i can get 2 entree w rice n soup for the same price full house charges and i wo n't be able to finish my meal . here at full house bbq , i end up eating more of the rice coz there was n't enough bbq . wo n't be coming back . very disappointed . and frustrated ! ! ! 3 people cost 35.00 for not enough food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is our first time here and i must say that this is one of the best filipino foods that we 've had here in vegas . their garlic java rice is amazing . prices are very reasonable and the amount served is a perfect amount . we will defiantly be coming back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to showcase filipino food which is the next big thing.. customer service is awesome the lady of the house is era she makes sure that everything is to your liking.. she is very hospitable you 'll feel like you are in a filipino home . the chef is very likeable and courteous he takes time to say hello to people when he is not busy . he worked in one of the biggest hotel here in las vegas.. the food is excellent . it is affordable and the place is always clean.. i love the pork belly , mami and siopao .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have , at this point used carmel 's service several times . this trip , dan picked me up at 4:15 am ( yikes ! ) . great ride , wonderful service , love knowing who i am getting in the car with . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a wonderful experience and way beyond our expectations . we desperately needed to get a ride for our son , when our prior arrangements failed . even though he is 16 , he had never taken a taxi or limo service without us , so mom was a little edgy . carmel was very patient and attentive to our questions and concerns , providing a great deal of assurance . our son thought the ride home was wonderful . he reported that carmel was friendly and engaging . the ride was prompt , affordable , clean and well appointed . it is clear that carmel cares about professionalism and is invested in providing a high quality , affordable experience . is the service is available , you would be foolish to consider any other alternative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used carmel 's car service to and from the airport several times and i ca n't recommend her and her drivers enough ! prompt , courteous and always friendly , even when when arriving to pick us up in the wee hours of the morning . air travel can be so hectic , but its nice to know that i can trust carmel to make sure we get to the airport with any hiccups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a new home owner you practically expect to live in stores like lowe 's . if you start a transaction in one store that 's more complicated ( installation , appliances , special orders , etc ) it 's difficult to trade stores ... and therefore i recommend you go to the waterfront location . this location is only worthwhile for a quick stop and nothing major . their stock is limited in almost every department and their staff is not nearly as knowledgeable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while parking my bike for an event at victory cafe , i saw a sign that said `` yes ! we 're open . '' considering it was past 9 pm , i poked my head in for the sheer novelty of seeing what store is open past 9 on a side street on a tuesday . while the place is small , it is packed to the brim with gorgeous handmade items from local designers . a lengthy chat with the woman running the place informed me that she is a jewelry designer herself and the dress i had admired is part of a collection by a student at ryerson . this blew me away ! you ca n't really get more local ( and undiscovered ) than scooping up designers still in school . as for what can be found there , most of it was in the vein of post-50s chic , recycled vintage materials , and flashy items . it 's a gem of a place in mirvish village !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the dresses in the store ! i tried on a really cute chic vintage-y dress that was on sale , but alas it was a little too poufy for my body shape , but there was a range of dresses i 'd love to get my hands on ! some of them were a little pricey and i have to think about it , but i 'm told that most of them are canadian designers and ca n't really be found in mass stores . cute little shop , definitely worth a drop-in . great accessories too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by this place when roaming mirvish village today . gorgeous boutique with lots of cute things from local canadian designers . we had a good chat with the store owner and she was super friendly and knowledgeable . she herself makes jewelry and the other owner re-purposes vintage clothes . did n't buy anything today , but i 'll be back to browse around some more . very chic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "charming selection of clothing from local and canadian designers - arranged both to appeal , but also to respond to seasonal whims . a sprinkling of well-curated vintage shoes compliment the dresses , sweaters , skirts and tops on display , as well as leather-work and a hugely seductive array of reasonably-priced jewellry . prices are pretty much what you 'd expect from this type of boutique : respectful of the needs of the young designers they showpiece , but not revolting overpriced for such unique and well-crafted stock . the owners are charming and laidback , with one re-purposing and altering vintage wear ( she did a piece i 'd bought across the road at vintage bride for a very reasonable fee ) , and they can be as involved in the buying process as you 'd like , but are also content to let you go ahead and browse . a happy place , and a bit of a gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cute little shop near honest ed 's . it 's a well curated store & i found myself trying on a number of items . bought a cute little polka dot dress . the lady who was running the shop had her daughter playing in the corner & she was so adorable ! i would come back to buy & browse again ! prices range from very reasonable to moderately expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place , there price on ammo is unbeatable for 1000 round boxes . the owner and his daughter are very nice and helpful ! i would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for guns or ammo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best prices on ammo and firearms hands down ! owner is extremely knowledgeable so is the staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's not like a traditional gun shop where staffs look scary as criminals . people over here are super nice and willing to answer any dumb question you have ! they have a large gun collection with very very good price . you 'll unlikely to get cheaper ammo elsewhere ! hopefully you 'll support local gun shop like this ! this place is truly a revolutionary for gun store ! i 'm in love with this place ! love it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in looking for an ak . the staff was very helpful and friendly . i ended up getting exactly what i wanted and the price was reasonable . i will definitely be back when i 'm ready for another rifle . their ammo prices are also pretty good . overall , i like this place a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's cool place . the staff was great including the big teddy bear dog they have . lots of product to pick up right off the shelf and handle . my transaction went very smooth and all answers were answered . the only thing i 'd like to see is more accessories but other than that it will most likely be my go to place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm really surprised in all the bad reviews gigi 's has gotten ! ! ! ok , so i get the overwhelming supply of frosting is an issue ... but price ? ? ? it 's a cupcake store ! ! ! ! that is their main forte ! ! ! ! yes they offer 50 % off merch and some beverages ... .but honestly , cupcakes are their bread n butter ! ! ! i think the prices are fair ... i bought one and was not even taxed ! ! no complaining here : ) the taste of the cupcake was fantastic ... ( i got the princess : ) ) the decor of the shop was cute , and the staff was helpful and cheerful ! ! ! i would def go back to enjoy a sweet treat : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the champagne , vanilla , and caramel cupcakes . they 're really cute and well decorated . they give a generous pile of icing on top of every cupcake but beware because i believe these cupcakes are made for those with the sweetest sweet tooth 's . if they did n't use so much sugar i 'd probably give them more stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "personally , i like gigi 's . i 'm honestly kinda surprised at all their 1-star ratings . is it thee best cupcake place in vegas ? maybe not . is it the worst ? definitely not in my book . the place is cute , workers are friendly , flavors very creative and the cupcakes are adorable to look at . some flavors i would not try again and some , i love . but that 's with every cupcake place . kentucky bourbon pie is my personal favorite . yes , their cupcakes have a lot of frosting . does that bother me ? no . i eat my cupcakes with a fork and i just do n't eat all of the frosting . no big deal to me . i 'd rather have too much than too little . but hey , to each their own i guess ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hubby and i decided to try this place because it was right next to raising cane 's . ( actually , i was the one who decided to try this place because the word `` cupcake '' suckered me in . ) first , it is a very cute concept . i give that half a star . second , i think the cupcakes are cute and well decorated . that 's another half star . for flavor , i give it one whole star . not bad , but honestly , i 've had better . i guess i used to be a icing fan a long time ago and if i was , maybe i 'd give it another star , because it seems like there was more icing than cupcake ! ! i 've tried retro bakery , caked and the cupcakery and i liked caked the best . i ended up buying three cupcakes at $ 3.50 each . i guess it was worth a try but i think i 'll try someplace else for my cravings for delicious confections ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are buying cupcakes only for showcasing ! ! ! these cupcakes are over prized , no flavour what so ever . 3.50 $ for one cupcake and the cupcakes taste terrible . the cake is dry , hard . and the the frosting , all the frostings almost taste the same , like eating a cup of sugar finely ground into a paste ! ! would n't recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the selection , the batter , the presentation are excellent . gigi 's definitely earned themselves a returning customer . the only reason this review does n't have 5 stars is because the icing is too sweet for me . i have to take most of it off to enjoy the cupcakes . in my experience , when batter is lacking , bakers try to compensate with super sweet icing but in this instance that 's absolutely unnecessary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i take my son here every so often as a treat for being good . my husband and son love gigi 's cupcake soo much . and i do have to admit i love them very very much : ) the employee 's are very sweet and you feel welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased another groupon to buy these for a friend because they are so pretty to look at.. i would never pay their outrageous prices so the only way to buy is with a coupon of some sort . not being thrilled the last time i had these cupcakes i was not all that surprised to get to the store at 8.45 and find it closed . i was standing right next to the nicely painted hours of operation on their window . open at 8.30 . i 'm so glad i left work and made a special trip down their to find they were closed . you do n't have to graduate from wharton to know that being closed when you advertise you are open does n't make for good business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dear ms. gigi i think you went frosting crazy with these cupcakes . i think the cake itself is as big as the frosting , ridiculous . if you want more stars lower your price and lower the height of your frosting . it is not worth 3.50 , sorry , just saying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "go in the beginning of the day so they are fresh . wedding cake cupcake is delicious ! they have a calendar that lets you know what flavors they bake on which days . they also have a bogo offer , but the time recently changed , so you will have to ask about it . i love how they have mini cupcakes , i just wish you could by one and did n't have to buy a certain amount . sometimes you just want a little bit of a certain kind ... not six little cupcakes at once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best cupcake bakery in vegas . went there in the early afternoon and all the selections were still available . service was prompt and friendly even though i was using a coupon . cupcakes were delicious . yes they do put a lot of frosting on the cupcake , but it 's easy to remove the excess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this little shop is near my shop . and on my way to work everyday , i make sure and stop to get a cup cake . they are just the right sized for your daily sweet fix . i make it a plan to go here often as i can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gigi 's was around the corner from our hotel in vegas , so we had to try it out . gigi 's has some deliciously scrumptious cupcakes , each one decorated entirely differently with a heap of frosting on top ! their menu has a picture , including the description of each one , as well as their daily menu that shows which cupcakes they have each day . the prices were $ 3.50 each , but i 'd say they are worth it . definitely something worth indulging once in a while . my mom got birthday surprise ( white cake with fluffy buttercream frosting and colorful sprinkles ) and i got scarlett 's red velevet ( red velvet cake with a vanilla filling , topped with cream cheese frosting , a white chocolate heart and red sugar crystals ) . after scraping off about half the frosting on top , these cupcakes were delicious ! i 've never had filling inside of a red velvet cupcake , and that vanilla filling really put it over the top . kudos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another groupon try . i got the dozen and shared it with my coworkers , we all agreed that the flavors all sounded awesome , but the frosting was so overpowering . okay cupcakes , but nothing special . another disappointment was that the flavors change by the day , so although i got a dozen of all different cupcakes i could n't find a day that offered all of the flavors i wanted to try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very disappointed ! for $ 7.99 12 mini cupcakes that i can buy in any supermarket for $ 3.00 ! nothing special , over sweet basic yellow cake with basic frostings and basic chocolate with basic chocolate frosting . definitely not worthwhile ! even my kids do n't want to eat it , they said that the frosting still has sugar granules .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these cupcakes were by far the best cupcakes i 've ever had.. omgosh i cant wait to go back to vegas to go to gigi's.. or maybe i should say go to gigi 's and maybe to the strip.. i did read all the bad reviews about the customer service , but when i walked in i could see a bit of an attitude , so my hubby threw some jokes out there and everything changed . i dont care though i 'm a forever costumer of this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 . the cupcakes were nicely presented . they had about 14 varieties and we opted for 5 of them ; wedding cake , tiramisu , peanut butter cup , red velvet , and miss princess cake . all of them were extremely moist , but agree with everyone on the frosting : too much . all dessert cupcake places are like this though . service was great . she recommended to turn the cupcake upside down and take the paper off so you can eat it like a normal cake and get the layers . if you can , bring milk or water so you dont end up buying it inside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . very rude customer service . gross sugary frosting and dry tasteless cakes.. worst customer service i ever experienced ! the women behind the counter was so rude and unhelpful . i regret buying for this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gigi 's has the best cupcakes . definitely not something for everyday - but oh so good every once in a while . loved the chocolate chip cookie dough and my husband got the midnight magic chocolate chip and also thought it was wonderful . the cupcake was fresh and the frosting rich and delicious . my only complaint is that there is more frosting than cupcake ! but you can scrape off the extra frosting if it is too much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in with low expectations and was very very happy with them ! i ordered the mini cupcakes with pink fluffy frosting and white cake . so delicious . i really love them ! ! ! i paid full price . though pricey they were worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "groupon deal did n't buy the groupon deal i waited till i was there to ask a couple questions . - they are prepackaged from 1 to 4 flavors depending on what time you get there . early the more selection of 4 prepackaged flavors price : bought the 4 mini cupcakes for $ 5 and a regular size cupcake for $ 3.50 . not a bad deal cupcakes : white wedding cake `` my favorite '' and i 've been told a customer favorite too . though it had a lot of frosting it was n't overly sweet but it was slightly dry . turtle chocolate was super sweet could n't even finish it . too much frosting but it was beautifully decorated . red velvet - even though there was a lot if frosting it was n't overly sweet . nice moist and spongy wish their groupon was n't prepackaged but overall it was n't bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to gigi 's a bunch of times . i can say with certainty that i have 5 pounds of their cupcakes on my body . they are pretty darn good ! their cupcakes are bigger than cupcakery 's or retro 's and cost $ 3.50 a pop . ouch ! try to catch a groupon or buy a voucher on radio shopping network . i will agree that there 's way too much frosting , but i just wipe off the excess . the cakes are moist , which the exception of kentucky bourbon and southern comfort . maybe because they have nuts ? they have a bunch of funky flavors like cherry limeade and margarita , but they work . my favs are the strawberry shortcake miss princess , cherry limeade , chocolate cream pie and champagne . i 've tried a lot of them . all amazing except italian wedding cake . too much coconut . in short , try this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 've got to ease up on the frosting ! each cupcake is almost a pound heavy , cake is dry and frosting is pure sugar . i went there because none if my neighborhood places were open on monday and i had a company over for a bbq . wanted to surprise my guests with a cute colorful cupcake ... well everyone hated them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had these cupcakes from three locations , including the huge cupcake bake-off competition . they 're always bland , a bit flavorless , and artificial-tasting . i do n't hate them , but the frosting is too thick and heavy and the cake is dense and blah . furthermore , they 're not always served fresh . the cupcakes they served at the cupcake bake-off were still partially frozen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love love love gigi 's cupcakes ! i do n't know what everyone is talking about when they say the cupcakes are bland ; i go in on fridays specifically to get the salted caramel because it 's literally to die for . i only gave it four stars because the frosting is a little over-whelming , but no complaints about the taste", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful cupcakes . i picked up a box for gifts and my friends were not disappointed . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally ! someone who knows how to make a cupcake . the icing is as tall as the cake itself and for an icing freak like myself , this is an irresistable factor and has been largely ignored by the couture cupcake world in the past lol . thank you gigi ! but not only is the icing incredible , the cake itself is moist , tasty , and thick and rich . it 's $ 3.50 , but worth every penny - you 're basically eating a meal . since many pastries at starbucks are $ 3.50 and above and are n't nearly as fresh or fun , this is a special treat . plus a 1 2 dozen or dozen of them is the perfect hostess gift for any party . everyone raves and you come off like the cat 's meow . win win win . i think the photos listed here on yelp should highlight the frosting tower though : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was a hole in the wall with poor management . they ran a huge promotion on groupon offering mini-cupcakes for half off . when i arrived , i had to wait 15 minutes and was then told that the platters of crumbs were all there was to choose from . it 's cupcakes , not rocket science . when you run a special and have more than two hundred sales of your coupon , you make extras . in any case , i politely asked if there would be a better selection the next day and was told that it was n't likely since she already knew that at least two other such orders were coming in . knowing you are going to have a lot of customers , you 'd think they could prepare for the demand but no . i walked out . in the time it took me to drive there , wait for service , and then speak with the woman who obviously did n't want my business , i could have made better cupcakes myself . consider me insulted and never returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5.41 for 1 cupcake . tasty . pretty moist and had a good flavor . not so sweet you feel like you ca n't eat another one . pretty colors ! really expensive . probably would n't get one again . good but not that good for that price ... .so good but not extremely memorable ? they also have mini cupcakes $ 20 for the tray !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried these cupcakes a few weeks ago . decided to stop by after lunch one day . the place is so cute and we had pretty good customer service although the female was not at all welcoming . all of the cupcakes looked great . i got the 4 for $ 5 deal . why the 2 stars : well , too much frosting for me , had to scrape most of it off and i 'm a die hard frosting lover . the frosting tasted like flavored buttered crisco . i love buttercream icing but i have never actually tasted the butter and i do n't want too . the cake was pretty dense , no real tast in my opinion . gave my family the last 3 cupcakes , they did n't care for them either . probably wont be back . i 'll stick to smith 's bakery !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place upset me . i read in past reviews that they ran out of cupcakes , but i did n't think it was a consistent thing . i bought a groupon to get mini cupcakes for my boyfriends birthday this past weekend - showed up early to grab them before the party and they had a sign saying they were out of cupcakes . are you kidding ? ? if the cupcakes are that popular , would n't you rather have an overabundance of cupcakes rather than always running out ? ? i feel like it would be less costly to toss out some cupcakes , or give them away to the last customer in your building than to not bake enough and losing customers . come on gigi ... bad business move !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on entering we were greeted by the owner of this franchise location . we selected texas milk chocolate and midnight magic cupcakes that were consumed mid-afternoon with glasses of milk . the cakes were on the dry side and the frosting on each was excessive and overly sweet . a 1.5 rating is most appropriate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are looking for diabetes with sprinkles on top , this is your kind of place . the cupcakes are good . i like some flavors better than others ; some of the interesting varieties are not as well executed as they could be . they are all super sweet and teeming with frosting . i am no cupcake snob ( ? ) , but gigi 's is close to my office and hits the spot after one of `` those days '' at work . my waistline wishes i had a less stressful job . the flavors change daily and i recommend calling first - even when you place your order in advance online , they do n't always have all of the daily choices in stock . i 've looked forward to a particular offering only to find they did n't actually have any that day . the price per cupcake , $ 3.50 per , is high but seems to be on par for the type of establishment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't tried many cupcake places , but this was pretty good . the buttercream frosting was yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in town wknd . of aug 18 and happened to see a groupon deal for cupcakes since we were having lunch next door decided to purchase this deal and have dessert . first i made sure i read the groupon rules and remember reading that you can pick your own . as soon as i walked in the cashier was not to friendly and i said i have a `` groupon '' she grabbed a prepackaged box and said here you go ... i told her the groupon clearly states you can pick your own she was like no we pkg them we give you a variety so i was like someone else asked a question and they answered on groupon you can pick your own i even showed her and she said `` oh the person who said that is not even a baker '' rude just plain rude . they really need a training in customer service or i should say the lady working this sunday needs better customer service skills . as for the cupcakes just ok maybe it was the cashiers attitude that left an ugly taste in my mouth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these cupcakes are out of sight . the frosting is n't too heavy , and the flavors are interesting without being strange . highly recommended , especially for those working in hughes center and who need a break .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in vegas for a basketball tournament and found a groupon for bogo on dozen mini cupcakes . they were running out of mini 's due to the groupon but i was able to get mine . after walking in and seeing the big cupcakes i just could n't resist . loved the cupcakes ! i 'm an icing fan so i did n't mind all the icing . the more the better . the sopapilla cupcake was delicious . all the cakes were moist and yummy ! ! ! just recently realized there is a gigi 's in dallas , tx ! bonus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a coupon & was in the area so my husband & i decided to check it out . the first i noticed when i walked in was the amount of frosting on every cupcake . if you 're a frosting lover then this is the spot for you . i like frosting too but there was just a ridiculous amount even the customers behind us said the same thing . the cupcake & frosting ratio was literally 1:1 . i decided to order red velvet & my husband ordered one of the chocolate ones ( ca n't remember the name ) . first thing we both did in the car was scrape half of the frosting off . the red velvet was nothing special really , it tasted like the ones from the box . i did like my husbands chocolate one though minus all that frosting . overall the staff was friendly & they have a nice selection of cupcakes . just cut down on the frosting !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cave creek finally has it 's own crossfit box ! this is a brand-new , state-of-the-art facility with the most dedicated coaches . i was new to the crossfit ideology but both santana and aaron went above and beyond to accommodate my needs . they 're just the right blend of motivational and educational , and after just a few short weeks , i 've seen major improvements in my body . does n't get much better than this . do yourself ( and your body ) a favor and check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently switched health providers and found vision source to be the closest place to my house . i have not had glasses for a while and needed them badly . i called and was given an appointment the same day which was awesome . the size of the waiting area was very tight and cramped and they were very busy the day i went in . but the staff was friendly and informative and answered all my questions . dr. morris was awesome and got me setup with clear vision again ! it only took 6 days to receive my glasses and they look and feel great . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give no stars , i would . we got there a half hour early , and sat for another hour and a half . still were never seen by the doctor . do not go here unless you want to spend hours on end waiting . with no results .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been coming here since 2013 . it has always been a great experience and the staff is very welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a good indian restaurant in toronto ! we had dinner here on a sunday night . despite being short staffed they were attentive and efficient . what we ordered : - pomegranate chat ( light and crispy with great flavour ) - cheese pakoras with tamarind sauce ( not oily like most pakoras found in toronto , very light in batter ) - mango lassi ( tasted like what a lassi should taste like : yoghurt with hints of mango flavour not overly sweet , just right ! ) - madras chicken curry ( rich flavour , meat was juicy ) - lamb biryani ( the highlight of what we ordered , the rice was infused with flavour ) - okra ( cooked perfectly , firm in texture ) - naan ( might be the best naan in toronto next to lahore tikka house ) i 'm south asian and i rarely eat at indian restaurants in toronto - all of it seems to be watered down and lacks in flavour depth but this place was unlike those . thank goodness my husband insisted we try it because i now have a go to place for indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was nothing short of spectacular . the chef even came out to greet us . jeremy , our server , was wonderful too . have already been three times in the past couple of weeks . the quality is that flavourful , that fresh , that good . recommend it without reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very tasty indian restaurant in the upper village . great service . large size portions . chef owner went out of his way to make this a nice evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . we waited over an hour after we ordered . we were at the point of walking out , and let our displeasure known clearly . more than the tardiness , it was the sheer indifference that got us . the food , when it did come , was quite decent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service is horrible ! it has been 2 hours since i ordered my food and it is still not here . it literally takes less than 20 minutes to get from the place to my home , and i called the restaurant 30 mins ago , and they said that the driver was on his way ... still not here . i really hope that at least the food tastes good ... if it ever gets here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely bad service . order for delivering and got it after an hour and a half . called to the store to ask and they said the delivery guy left 20min ago , but when he called him he did n't pick up his phone so they did n't even know what 's going on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious dishes . finally indian food that packs a punch in the neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good is very tasty here and the service is fantastic . the servers were both attentive and courteous !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je fr\u00e9quente cet endroit depuis 6 ans et c'est toujours aussi bon . si vous voulez une bonne mal bouffe \u00e0 toute heure du jour ( 24h ) , ne chercher plus , c'est l'endroit qu'il vous faut . les poutines , les clubs sandwichs , les sous-marin , les hot-dog , etc , tous bon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i went to nic pic with a friend it was packed , but a tim hortons-ish crowd . it was full but service was still a bit on the slow side , even under the circumstances . the food as okay , reasonably cheap . there was nothing to complain about but nothing really of note . the staff was however particularly fast about coming around with coffee pot , and the food arrived at the table quickly . cheap , hit the spot , but not exactly memorable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "j'aime vraiment ce petit diner 24 heures . c'est bien r\u00e9nov\u00e9", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was sub-par , the place was dirty and falling apart and they gave me dirty cutlery . the service was absolutely deplorable . first , i waited at the entrance like a chump assuming someone would greet and seat me , instead i had to ask where i could sit . once i sat , no one came to take my order or even simply let me know they 'll be a moment . no menu was offered , i had to ask . no water was offered . once i ate and asked for my bill , i stood at the cash register like a chump ( yet again ) while 3 different employees came and went without even so much as a glance . eventually my waitress came and allowed me to pay the bill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great diner food pleasant and kind staff . everyone speaks french and are very patient with english speaking people such as myself . the prices and quality of food are extremely reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je ne peux que rench\u00e9rir sur ce que dit dany h. ouvert depuis plus de 30 ans , j'ai toujours connue cette endroit bond\u00e9e , restau de style familial avec des repas complet soupe , assiettes principal caf\u00e9 jus dessert au poutine bien traditionnel ou agr\u00e9mente ; ) mini bar a c\u00f4t\u00e9 si besoin d'un verre pour accompagner ... \u00e7a vaut la peine de s'arr\u00eater pour go\u00fbter : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this rather non-descript frontage in an office building just on the downtown side of smithfield st bridge in downtown pittsburgh is a gem . fast friendly service with outstanding italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen . all very reasonably priced for the downtown market . a good stop for a light or business 'working ' lunch . location is central to anywhere in the golden triangle , definitely worth the walk - no matter where you 're coming from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you 'll notice at this place is the staff . the waitresses are gorgeous ... east european or russian , i would say . i would say though that they are friendly and do a decent job of wait service . the food itself is good italian fare . the bread is nice and delicious though sometimes cold . they have pasta dishes that feature ingredients other than having your pasta smothered in red sauce . the pasta de la sandra does a good job of melding a number of different flavors together as does the pasta with spinach , feta and tomatoes . i 've come here a couple times and overall , i 'm pretty satisfied and do n't mind going back from time to time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good food and wait staff and not your usual italian lunch menu . lou the owner does a great job with the menu and food quality . waitress was very nice , very efficient , friendly and full of energy and smiles -- in pittsburgh to go to school . buon giorno is a place i meet friends every so often for a good lunch and sometimes a friend brings a bottle of wine since it is byob , very nice ! they have fresh baked bread and olive oil and balsamic on the table to start . have specials every day and some pasta 's and focaccia sandwiches , grilled vegetables and good salads . had the italian tuna sandwich with comes with artichokes , mozzarella and more . sandwich comes with a small salad on the same plate . have had the red roasted pepper sandwich and pastas in past visits , all very good . deserts are good and made at the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice little cafe with great food and service . my colleague and i came here for breakfast everyday . their chai latte is amazing and so are there breakfast bagels and croissants . we also had lunch here one day . the salad was flavorful and was n't just jam packed with lettuce . there was a good variety of different veggies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , fast and affordable lunch spot in downtown pittsburgh . this place is always so so consistent . not once have i had a bad meal here . their salads are my go-to . huge menu and everything is made with the freshest ingredients possible . they have really great lunch combos and specials every day . other than a few occasions where our checks took longer than usual , service is typically very quick . i absolutely adore this place ; my favorite lunch spot in pittsburgh hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the portobello mushroom sandwich ! they have free delivery and very friendly employees . they also have very fast service ... every time i have ordered , they have been early than expected bringing the food which is also a plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little restaurant on smithfield street in downtown pittsburgh . buon giorno has a great european cafe feeling to it and i could probably spend a few hours here people watching . all of the staff is very helpful and friendly . i enjoy their italian wedding soup and they serve it with two generous slices of bread . i 'll definitely be back to try more menu items and it looks like they have many daily specials and the prices are very reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent food and great service ! a quick and delicious place to eat . chicken buon giorno- excellent dish ! comes with a side of risotto , bread and oil . chicken was tender , juicy and delicious . risotto was perfection . i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my favorite lunch-time spot in college . great , inexpensive options . they have an awesome half-and-half option , where you can do half pasta , half salad for cheap , which was my go-to . the food is super flavorful ; i still dream about their marinaded tomatoes . oh , and their bread ! seating here can be impossible , so mind the time . my favorite was to sit outside.the staff can sometimes lack personality , but the food more then compensated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm glad i found this place today ! the place was pretty busy for lunch on a wednesday afternoon , which i like to see ! i ordered take-out per my usual mo and had the italian eggplant sandwich . it was good -- - marinara sauce , mozzarella , and red peppers . the bread was very good ( as mentioned in other reviews ) and i 'll definitely be going back there after my multi-month new-lunch-place-every-day-campaign is over . it did lack that certain something . maybe more cheese . or more sauce . or more something . i 've been favoring non-meat or non-red-meat dishes lately , so maybe a meat dish would have been more satisfying . i have zero complaints about the food or service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is always fresh and tasty . i 've had several things from the menu and i quite often order the pasta with grilled chicken . it 's s nicely sized portion . not too much food but also always tends to leave me leftovers for the next day . the wedding soup is so delicious i highly recommend it . i do n't always have time to eat in but it 's very pleasant when i 'm able to . cute little restaurant just before the smithfield street bridge makes for some fun sights to take in while having an enjoyable lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious food , i 'm from new england tho so no offense but in my opinion there is no good coffee in pittsburgh . but there 's is decent . deff my go to caf\u00e9 for the steel city", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great way to spend an evening ! we had patrick as a guide and he was very knowledgeble of scottsdale and surrounding areas . all of us were first timers except for two . there were actually 3 groups with a max of 8 people in each group . they showed us how to ride and gave us some time to get used to the segways . they are easy and fun to use . they provide everything except a jacket . everyone has to wear a helmet ( like i said they provide it ) and once we were ready we departed . they go all through old town and the fashion square areas . pretty cool . everyone had a great time and the only incident was my wife falling off and injuring her knee , but that was because she lost her balance and she was not seriously hurt . would we do it again ? heck yea , i 'm ready now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to give an update because management did reach out and cared about my experience . they wanted to learn from my experience and make experiences better and safer for future people . i appreciated the effort of management . i will give them another chance in the future , and will update my review after that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another awesome tour ! thank you patrick ! usually we tour with tiffany ( who is also awesome ) but patrick did an excellent job today ! very informative and enjoyable trip . we love segwaying !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , do not mix this company up with scottsdale segway tours , owned by todd and becca , which is the one you should choose . groupon or not , segway of scottsdale should be out of business . they are ill prepared to take people out on segways and their equipment , from what we saw , is old and tossed one atop another into the back of a pickup truck . i ca n't go into too much detail , but a group of us toured with segway of scottsdale and my friend was seriously injured . she ended up needing surgery and traction all because of equipment which when standing still , threw her into the air . we were not given enough training and were allowed to zoom around the parking lot on our own . i know the two companies get mixed up in reviews so remember excellent = todd and becca from scottsdale segway tours . horrible = segway of scottsdale !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "segways are great but the desert tour is a joke . our guide tiffany did n't share any information about the cactus in the area or any interesting facts about the desert . we basically rode on the sidewalks around the area to get to a desert where we had 20 minutes of open desert segway time . our guide had to ask us several times what time it was so she did n't go over the 1.5 hours . i would not recommend this tour at all . it 's not worth $ 40 much less $ 75 . very disappointing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we purchased a groupon which gave us a 50 % discount for all people in our group . fantastic deal ! ! ! we opted for the old town scottsdale tour which was really fun . our guide was young , hip and very fluent on the towns history , local influences and stories . he suggested an amazing little hole in the wall mexican joint for lunch ( frank & lupe 's ) and was just generally fun to hang out with for two hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife booked a tour with segway of scottsdale for me and our daughter . with both of us never been on a segway , it was going to be quite an adventure . our guide david to the time to teach us how to safely operate the segway . my daughter was not as proficient as the others in our group so david made sure she was comfortable in riding the segway and even helped her on a downgrade . as far as the tour , david took the time to explain certain points through the town . he safely navigated the group around scottsdale . i thoroughly enjoyed the tour . if your looking for a segway tour in scottsdale , i would highly recommend segway of scottsdale . hopefully you 'll get david as a tour guide..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so incredibly fun ! devon was awesome ! beautiful area to explore in old town scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was unbelievably more fun than i had imagined ! i got the holiday lights old town scottsdale tour as a christmas present for my husband . the tour started at 6pm , our guide devan who 's incredibly talented on a segway and equally talented as a guide showed us to how to properly mount one and practice a bit with the segway and in minutes off we were ! a decent group of 8 , we toured most of all town and learnt about the amazing wild wild west history of scottsdale . it was pretty chilly , and after an hour 's worth of fun , we stopped by a belgian cafe for some amazing and much needed complimentary hot chocolate . yumm ! ! the tour continued with devan educating us more about the town , while exploring the contemporary art sculptures and decorations around the town . thank you segway of scottsdale for a fun 2 hours and the best christmas present according to my hubby : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never been on a segway before , we had some out of town guests that were looking for something interesting to do . this turned out to be a big hit for everyone in our group . we picked tempe town lake since it has a nice combination of open areas and obstacles -- and the view of the lake is really nice . our guide was tiffany , and she was exceptional during the tutorial phase as well as the tour . one person we brought was nervous that she was going to fall or crash , but five minutes into the tutorial our guest realized how easy it was to ride a segway . the only downside of the tour is that the price is a little on the high side but worth it at least for the first time . i also want to add that segway of scottsdale 's customer service was very helpful in working with a living social issue we had with our coupon . smoothing that issue out really helped ensure that i 'd recommend it to friends and that i 'll be back with more guests someday . thanks guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a blast cruising around town with our guide daisha . daisha has a great sense of humor and gave us lots of fun tidbits of info about scotsdale", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great value ! love , love , love going on the segway tour of old towne . we 've done this tour multiple times and have had great success each time . although their new location was a little tricky to find the first time , it was well worth it . very happy with our experience , and highly recommend it for all age groups and experience levels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thomas gave us a fun , fact-filled tour of downtown scottsdale on a beautiful 74 degree day in december ! we 've lived here 35 years and we saw things we never knew were here ! loved playing `` name that mountain '' lol ! got some great shots , stopped for a latte by the canal , really covered lots of ground and even `` danced '' to some tunes over our earbuds on the way back . went down a sidewalk step too ! segways are wonderful modes of transportation ! thank you for a fun afternoon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome tour with tiffany , she made it so fun and gave us such a great tour of a part of tempe that we would never have seen . ! ! so nice at night", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great segway experience with segway of scottsdale . this was my second time using them and my first doing the tempe lake option . it was a great , flat ride and the website suggests it for a first-time experience . i loved the area , the history our guide discussed and the whole tour . my group had never done a segway and they were quick to catch on - such a great time and highly recommend for out-of-town guests . the other great option i loved is the desert one . old scottsdale , i 've heard , has many obstacles curbs traffic so maybe not as relaxing and enjoyable as the tempe , but i 'm sure it 's a great option , too . really great company and enjoyed our guide , as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jerrod was the man ! hit him up if you are looking for a fun , energetic guy who loves to throw some fun history curveballs your way . a great way to see the city !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give ten stars i would ! this whole team of guys is just incredible -- kind , funny , more than accommodating and very informative . jason in particular is just the coolest guy i 've ever met . when my mom broke her ankle the first time we tried the segway ( do n't let that scare you off ! she loved it and is naturally clumsy ) he bent over backwards to make sure she was okay and had what she needed , and he invited us back to try again when she healed . well , she was too scared to try again so i brought my boyfriend the second time and it was so much fun ! thank you guys so , so much ! ! ! i 'll see you in tempe next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the husband and i went on the night old town scottsdale tour last weekend . josh was our guide and learning to ride was taught in 5 min . very easy to maneuver and so much fun ! we learned of new restaurants to try and enjoyed the sights . will try the downtown phoenix tour next ! bought ours on groupon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i took this segway of scottsdale tour with my friend betsy . it was a great way to see `` old town scottsdale '' , learn about the city and most of all have a blast riding the segway . ian was our tour guide . he was quite informative and so funny . i would recommend this tour if you want to have a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best ways to spend your day in tempe ! well worth it and our guide tiffany was amazing . she was helpful , informative , and had a wonderful sense of humor . i would recommend to anyone looking to have a good time while learning about the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patrick was great ! we learned a lot about scottsdale today . thank you for being so considerate and helping my youngest daughter . we loved every bit of the tour and i will definitely recommend you to all my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tour . worth the money . ian was exceptional as our guide . would absolutely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiancee and i booked a tour while we were in town . yes , you 're going to look like a fool on a segway . but man are they fun . the tour was long , but we still wanted more by the end ! daisha our tour guide was great and helped everyone get up and going . thank you , daisha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was not our first `` segway rodeo '' , if you know what i mean ... jason ( who we 'd met previously w another co. ) and lindsay were great w helping us on our segway 's and getting acquainted w the terrain . lindsay was our tour guide and he was very informative , patient and safety minded . we enjoyed our tour of old town scottsdale very much ( old history+architecture+new additions things coming+information about trees plants weather , etc . ) and would be happy to ride again w them ! ! ! no issues and great customer service=5 stars ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonight we went to the christmas light segway tour . it was more than we could have expected . our tour guide jared made the experience unforgettable , kept us laughing , took great photos and kept us safe ! never knew riding a segway could be so easy and fun . definitely would recommend using segway of scottsdale for a great experience with friends and family . you wo n't regret it ca n't wait to go again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our tour guide was devin . she was so much fun and made sure we were all comfortable and safe before heading out . i was a bit intimidated at first wondering if i 'll do a face plant , but took only 2min to get the hang of it and realized just how easy and safe segways are to operate . i just wish they would go faster ! ! as a person posted prior about a 'runaway ' segway , that is obviously operator error and if you ca n't ride one of these things , then you most certainly should n't be be driving a motor vehicle . they 're so simple to use they allow as young as 12 to ride as long as they weigh at least 100 pounds . we had a blast riding around town and learned a lot that my native az girlfriend never even knew ! absolutely recommend them and ca n't wait to do the xmas lights tour . we used a 2 for 1 groupon but check their web site for specials . have fun ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the best experience today at segway of scottsdale . the tour guide , devin was so friendly and knowledgeable about the area , she really made the experience fun . she offered to take pictures of any of the stops , and she was very patient in teaching us how to operate the segways . we took a tour of old town scottsdale , the area have a lot of stops and scenic routes . we learned a lot about the history of the city and there were some cool stops along the way . we even got to stop at a little chocolate bar and have homemade hot cocoa and a piece of gourmet belgian chocolate . everyone was so friendly and helpful , i would highly recommend segway of scottsdale to anyone who is interested in learning something new and fun ! ! ! great overall experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the names of this company and the other that does segway tours are confusingly similar . this one does the tempe town lake tour , which i think is perfect for a first-time rider : most of the ride is on the wide , fairly flat walkways on either side of the lake , with only a couple of steet crossings . my mother and i lucked out in booking a day right before christmas that no one else had booked , so we got our own private tour . our guide karl was easygoing and patient , and very knowledgeable about the local history . my mother ( who just recently moved to arizona ) was impressed with all of the information , as we had figured we would just ride and look at the scenery . i would definitely do another tour with segway of scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was an awesome experience ! it was great to cruise around downtown phoenix on a segway while learning some fun facts about the city . the instructor was friendly and helpful and kept the tour fun . looking forward to more segway adventures in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sunset tour was an amazing time and jarrad r. was a great tour guide . i would highly recommend you try them out if your ever in the scottsdale area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm thankful i got to try this place before it becomes that top spot in charlotte and it becomes impossible to get in . i was able to walk in friday night for a lovely dinner . a lot to love here -from the decor , well-mixed drinks , fresh fish and ramen . charlotte had a gaping bowl shaped hole and yama izakaya is here to fill that chasm with their ramen . is it the best i 've ever had ? of course not . is it dang good ? yup . i split a bowl with a friend and the pork was so lovely . also tried the yellow tail collar ( yum , pricey but so unlike anything you 've recently eaten ) , hamachi with jalape\u00f1o ( uhuh , super fresh and well balanced ) and the lamb lollipops ( my only disappointment . $ 12 for two small pops ) . make your reservations now because this place is going to be like soul was four years ago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dined here on their grand opening night . the decor is dark and authentic to what i think a japanese tapas bar would be . fully stocked bar with lots of sake , cocktails and beer -- plus a couple of wine choices.bartenders were attentive and asked for our feedback on the cocktails . we sampled a couple of the pass-around food as well as ordered from the menu . everything we had was tasty -- edamame , yellowtail with jalape\u00f1os , bacon wrapped asparagus , mushrooms , grilled steak and the dumplings . i also ventured out and tried the monkfish liver and pickled octopus -- interestingly tasty . this is a great addition to the plaza midwood area . stop in and enjoy the authenticity that the owner and his wife have brought to charlotte . i look forward to coming back and trying the ramen and other tapas dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressive restaurant ! beautiful interior . the ramen is to die for , i ordered the tonkostu ( pork bone ) ramen which was very tasty and flavorful ! the service was awesome and staff is friendly . my new favorite place to get ramen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to yama with a bunch of friends . like many reviews , a lot of people have seen yama but never tried . go and try as fast as you can . this is a great place with really good food . the service was great and our waitress was very friendly . we tried various dishes and ca n't wait to go back and try more . among the dishes were the grilled squid , lamb and pork belly yakatori . all were good but my favorite was the lamb . we finished the night with bowls of raman which did n't disappoint . tonkostu and shio were the choices and both were good . overall it was a great experience and will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an excellent addition to plaza midwood . we went before the grand opening and were very impressed . the food is served in small portions tapas style . excellent flavors ! i understand the vibe and appreciate the japanese drink selection but it would be great to see some local beers . the cocktail menu could use a little fine tuning , adding anything but vodka ! yamazaki cocktails would be a great addition ! lars was a great server ! we 're excited to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here on a friday night at 11pm . our waitress was attentive and food came out fast . i 'm a sucker for takoyaki and this place definitely met my standard . i give it a 5 star because there 's no other japanese restaurants that 's close to this standard in this part of charlotte . i 'll come here again and try more dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we went here last night for my friends birthday . it was a monday so as expected it was n't super busy which was great . i ordered to tonkatsu ramen , a popular favorite , and it was absolutely delicious . this time i ordered the grilled duck as a small bite and they did a really great job . the server was super attentive and their cocktail menu is pretty decent as well . if you 're up for some refreshing food during cold weather you may want to check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're new to japanese cuisine outside of the common sushi , you 're in for a treat ! the restaurant offers a variety of appetizers , small plates , and entrees to try . the tapas-style setting is great for groups willing to share a taste of dishes . be warned that the small plates are in fact `` petite portions '' and they do skew a tad pricey , ranging from $ 6-12 per dish . i ca n't say it 's the best , but the food is consistent and the menu definitely exceeds you 're typical `` hibachi '' joint . my favorites were the spicy beef ( marinated beef ) , ebi shumai ( shrimp dumpling ) , and okonomiyaki ( pancake ) . overall it was a good experience and i 'll certainly be going back for the ramen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "think of this place as more bar than restaurant . their sake list is solid , they have a great selection of japanese beers , and the yakitori skewers and small plates go so well with both . i 've now tried all of their ramen offerings and it 's hard to choose a favorite . the pork bone broth is very rich ( and delicious ) so go with the vegetarian or chicken if you want to keep it on the light side . several friends and i were delayed on a return flight and we stopped in here around 10pm for dinner . it was great to be able to order off the full menu so late at night during the week . a great addition to plaza midwood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i adore ramen , and hunt down the best spots worldwide . i can not begin to tell you how excited i am that there is now quality ramen in charlotte . the traditional pork broth is excellent and the pork itself is some of the best i 've had in ramen . although they recommend sharing , i say make everybody get their own bowl ! make sure to start with the excellent seaweed salad . you wo n't be disappointed . this is my new go-to spot when i want soup noodles ! also - staff is charming and helpful . i went on election night and as there was n't a game on , they were friendly and accommodating when i asked to turn the bar tv to msnbc to watch election results . all in all , great addition to the charlotte restaurant scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this food was absolutely delicious . i ordered udon and my two friends both ordered ramen . we all thought it was very tasty . honestly i will be dreaming about it until i come again . my only complaint is its a little pricey for my budget but definitely worth it . also , so pleased to find the heated fancy toilet in the women 's bathroom . this certainly elevated my experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spent awhile hunting for decent ramen in charlotte . let 's face it - it 's not the best city for food diversity . i love yama izakaya 's tonkatsu ramen , and the fried octopus balls are awesome ! do n't miss the pork belly buns , though - they 're delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm no japanese food connoisseur , but i can tell you the food at yama was quite nice . because it 's all tapas style , we got to try quite a few dishes . from the shrimp dumplings and popcorn chicken to the cumin lamb skewers , shishito pepper skewers and bowl of ramen , all of the food tasted pretty good . an izakaya is a pub like joint - and yama is quite like that , except may be a tad bit more sophisticated than a pub . it 's dimly lit , casual , somewhat noisy , the service is good and quick , quite a few food options and some good beer and sake choices ( along with a full bar ) on the menu . i do n't think the food was necessarily authentic or unique by any means , but as pub food - it was good & nothing to complain about . a fair rating would be closer to 3.5 than 3 . it 's a fun new place worth checking out , especially with a group of friends on a friday or saturday evening .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best ramen i 've had in the city so far . the night started out slow because it seemed to take forever for us to be greeted ; but once our waitress introduced herself to us she was very knowledgeable about the menu and food . the menu includes tapas style dishes and then ramen and udon . we ordered edamame and gyoza ( pork dumplings ) as appetizers which were really good . then for our meal ; i got the shio ( chicken broth ) with the pork belly which was delicious . my husband got the tonkatsu ( pork broth ) which i personally thought was just okay but he definitely liked it . we also ordered some cocktails . the `` who are yuzu '' was absolutely delicious ! ! ! all in all i would most definitely come back . especially when i need my ramen fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice place in noda uptown charlotte . good food . very clean . limited menu on sundays and weekdays . ramen dishes seem very popular here . 1 . grilled squid was good . $ 11 2 . pork belly was also good . good with rice . $ 7 3 . chicken kasu was very good . $ 14 crispy outside . used dark and white meat which brings more flavor . loved it . $ 2.50 for a very small side order of rice . hum ... 4 . chicken kasu and rice is a little bit over priced but overall a nice place to visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my boyfriend basically tried everything on the menu and it was all delicious ! ! i love the miso ramen and everything in the yakitori list , the bites are really tasty and everything is reasonably priced . we were really impressed with the food and sake list , they have sake by the carafe and magnums too . only thing my boyfriend complaints about was too much ice in his drink which i thought was nothing will be back very soon a cool and comfortable place to hang too as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good ! i was a bit surprised though , because it was n't very crowded on a friday night . i think we were 1 of 3 tables that night . i got the miso ramen . i 'm not a huge fan of ramen but even i finished the whole bowl . the pork was really tender and the broth was delicious . the only thing is- i think this place is pretty pricey for what you are given . the service was ok. our servers ( we had 2 ) were kind of awkward and did n't seem very knowledgeable when talking about the menu . i would come back here again though . i really want to try the smaller dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "must try the pork ramen ! the broth is out of this world . was not a fan of the pancake ... too fishy for me . great atmosphere . the sake nigori and the blueberry mojitos were delicious . i 'm going to introduce everyone i know to this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place ! it has a nice east asian ambience and a full bar , including sake on tap . definitley try the tuna salad app , so yummy . their miso ramen bowl and yaki soba are my two favorite entrees so far . welcome to the neighborhood , yama !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the pork ramen . clearly , there are people who loves the ramen and those who just do n't like it at all . so , it think the ramen is either a hit or miss . and for those who are thinking that they use cheap ramen , you can not be more wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a wonderful meal tonight with my daughters . attentive service , beautiful space , and varied menu . our favorite menu item ? bacon wrapped asparagus . smoky , bacon goodness . and since asparagus is included , it must be good for you , right ? the seaweed salad was well-seasoned . tasty tempura , well-done dumplings , and al-dente ramen rounded out a great meal . looking forward to trying more of the yakitori . so pleased to see another great addition to our neighborhood 's restaurant scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ramen here is delicious ! if you have n't had japanese ramen , you have to try it . great for a cold winters day ! the pork belly here is also good with the buns", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great ramen ! i have to go back to try the tapas again . the ramen is plenty to fill you up . being japanese i can assure you this place has great ramen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i walk in , i 'm greeted by friendly staff . if i lived closer i 'd probably be a regular . as it is , the staff recognizes me & makes me feel like i 'm at home . i 'm always up for trying new things , and so i 've almost always allowed the staff to surprise me with a fun cocktail or dish that they love . i 'm never disappointed ! edit : yelp asked me if they were good for kids . if your kids are picky eaters , no they 're not . if you 've always encouraged your children to experience tastes & textures to surprise they 're palates , yes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : dinner was very nice . the server knew more about gluten free then the janine person . he helped navigate the very limited menu , making my dishes with salt and pepper and no sauces . so the food was very bland , including the rolls . fun time with friends , not a good food destination , place for a drink only . not very helpful on food allergies . the menu does not show ingredients or gluten free or any other relevant information . here is my communication with this restaurant . subject : gluten free message : hello , i will be there on friday , and wanted to know your gluten free options , and or your ability to make substitutions or use gluten free soy ( tamari ) response : yes we have tamari soy sauce , let your server knows your request - janine lu follow up question : thank you , do you have other gluten free options ? response : you can view our full menu on yamaizakya.com . -janine lu", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really enjoyed my first experience here . restaurant interior is quite nice , subtle , and casual . quality of our food was up to standards considering the prices they were charging $ $ . short wait for our food . appealing and simple food presentation . wait staff was n't bad , but would n't say the greatest . osaka roll was so tasty ! majority of the time ( almost always ) my boyfriend refuses to eat anything raw , but he actually opened up to the osaka roll and loved it ! overall , i really enjoyed the osaka roll , crunchy roll , fried squid tentacles , and spicy miso !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first visit - got the full overview and based on yelp reviews were able to make some solid choices . fried octopus ball , spicy miso ramen , cumin pork , bacon wrapped scallops ( are they ever bad ? ! ? ? ) portabella mushroom skewers were dry.. unoki mushroom , no wrapping interesting but not great . service and atmosphere were great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ramen in charlotte . fairly authentic cuisine and great drinks . great atmosphere also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dined out here last week for my daughter 's 6th birthday . the menu is limited but has some great options . unfortunately there were not many gluten free options available , but i was still able to scrabble together a lovely meal with jalape\u00f1o hamachi and the tuna special . my daughter ended up eating a little bit off of various plates , including my mom 's miso ramen , which looked amazing . she was bummed that they did not have onigiri , but the strawberry mochi to finish off the birthday meal was perfect !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here after a friend highly recommended this place and boy am i impressed ! love the rich broth and all the small appetizers they offer ... ..great ambiance and service as well ! tonkotsu ramen is a must try ... ..yakitoris were delicious wnd goes well with sake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "forget that it 's in a strip mall ; this place is worth your time . clearly , they are shooting for a swanky vibe , which i think they achieve . this is definitely a third date kind of place : mood lighting , great food textures , and a few laughs over chopstick faux pas . on top of that , the food was great . after the closing of nom nom burgers , i 've been desperate for a good bowl of ramen . i got it ! the pork broth ramen was excellent . my husband 's fried noodles were good , too . and i could have had at least two more orders of the pork belly small bites . try it ; you 'll like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent restaurant . i had the tonkitsu and pork belly skewer . the ramen broth was decent and not salty , but was n't amazing . it was disappointing to receive the ramen with the seaweed already absorbed in the soup . it would have been better if the meats were presented on top of the broth not already mixed in and with the seaweed being dry . the pork belly was advertised as a thin slice of fat with a larger portion of meat , but hat was not the case . the skewer was mainly chewy fat with minimal amounts of meats . also , i was expecting it to be more grilled .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a wonderful experience dining out . we had the opportunity of trying a four course select menu . 98 % of the produce and livestock is locally sourced by north carolina farmers which makes the taste exceptionally clean and flavorful . the service only added to the exceptional experience having sorted sake . the servers were knowledgeable well trained . charlottes hidden gem a must try for food connoisseurs wanting to taste north carolina . we will be back . they also have a view into the kitchen that accents the beautiful d\u00e9cor of the style of the restaurant and my fianc\u00e9 was telling me an extra bottom bonus the bathroom has heated seats , very traditional . reminds me of my trips to japan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as an asian ( chinese ) , this restaurant just satisfied my taste . the tonkutsu ramen is great and the edamame is also great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . this is very disappointing to me . it 's in a great location , has a really nice atmosphere , and a very creative menu . the only problem is the food is really not that good . i had really high hopes for the beef negimake , which has asparagus , scallions and meat , three things i love . it was underwhelming . not a lot of flavor . the vegetarian gyoza may as well have been vegan gyoza ; it had almost no taste and was chewy , not the right consistency . i should n't have ordered the potato croquettes . they were not good at all ! even the iced tea was bitter . in a city with lots of choices , and asian fusion on every third block , you are better off going elsewhere . pei wei would 've been a better choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good place to drink and have light meal with friends . their yakatori and ramen is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was mad pumped about having a ramen house in the neighborhood ... and it was dope on the more over . good size portions , yummy broth , great hot sake . a few downfalls : my dinner partners food ( chicken something or other with noodles - not 100 % sure ) was way less than good - like way less than good . the server was obviously super new at the game and wicked nervous . he came to the table 9 million times - but i get that ... 1st day on the job . i did n't like that the things that we ordered were one price on the menu and another price on the bill ( every item we ordered ) . i do look forward to returning to try something new very soon but i hope that it is a little more smooth the next time i stop in . as they are very new i am sure that the kinks are still being worked out . i say try it for sure ... . it was a great rainy day choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decor very cute , swanky . service 5 star ! ! ! drinks unique and excellent . yelling at staff head chef ... .yep they got one ! ! lamb lollipops the size of actual lollipops ... .6 dollars each ... .that 's there too ... .. ! ! ? ? family style dishes for sharing ... .that wo n't fill a bird ... ..yikes . its tapas ... so dont go if you are hungry or make sure it 's payday ... .i wo n't be back unless i am meeting someone for drinks . im going for dinner where i get a meal after a long hard day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so good ! definitely get pork belly buns and green tea ice cream . best ramen i 've had in charlotte so far . great atmosphere good service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a sunday night with my mom and a few aunts , it was our first time . i liked how they were n't super busy so we were seated right away . i love how calming and chill the atmosphere is and omg the toilet ! ! it 's literally a seat warmer so cool ! ! anyways i ordered the veggie potstickers which were good , it was soft and yummy but the main spotlight goes to the ramen ! i 'm so sold , i had the veggie ramen and it was bomb . it had a variety of veggies , the flavor was all there and the best part was it was n't too salty like all the ramen i 've had in the past . i 'm definitely coming back here from now on to get my ramen as `` a regular '' ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go ahead and ignore all the posts about whether or not this is an authentic representation of japanese cuisine . this place could be about as inauthentic as panda kitchen and i would go back . the tonkotsu is so tasty that it needs no signifier as to whether or not it remind someone of that time they studied abroad in tokyo . call up a loved one and invite them out for a tantalizing night of slurping down beef bone broth and noodles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on saturday evening for an early dinner . got there right after 5 , when they opened , so there was plenty of room and the service was great . i ca n't speak to what it 's like when it 's busy . the food was really good though ! we got steamed pork buns , gyoza , and we both got tonkotsu ramen . i 'd have liked to have greater options to be able to personalize the ramen more , ( thick noodles , spicy , kakuni ) , but the flavor of the broth was great , and seemed to develop and get deeper the further i got into my bowl , which was great . pork buns were terrific , gyoza was ok , and ramen was above average , but not the best i 've ever had . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the menu is amazing and inexpensive . the service is n't the best , however , i can over look that when the food makes up for it . this is one place you should try out . make sure to order the pepper skewers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give this place 3.5 stars i would . the decor is decent and the staff is very friendly and nice . we had a party of 5 on a saturday night and got seated quickly . we had a vegan and a gluten free member in our party and we were struggling to find something for either of them to eat . the server was knowledgable and helped us guide through the menu you be something that both could eat . however their experience was not that great . i had the teriyaki chicken which was not bad and the shiitake mushrooms which are 3 skewers of 3 mushrooms each lightly toasted and then a dab of sauce on them . not entirely worth it . all in all its a good concept ( tapas style japanese ) but for me it fell a little short on the options that we could eat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shocked by all these good reviews . we thought the food was terrible and the atmosphere cold . it 's a shame since we love the original in south park .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best authentic japanese tapas restaurant in town ( musashi offers some other special dishes . but tapas wise , this one offers the most variety and great quality ) . takoyaki ( fried octopus ) is consistently good . tonkatsu ramen is best in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and boy was i impressed with the food , love all the small bites and the shio ramen was the best i ever had ! look forwrd to try the tonkatsu ramen next time pork belly bun was to die for and the homemade gyoza was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only tried a few things here but thanks to the open kitchen and slow service , i do n't think i 'll be back again . we ordered a couple of the ramen and gyoza . the service was very slow and while we wait for our food , we got a chance to see how other foods were made . the fried octopus balls came straight from the package and into the fryer . as did the gyoza , again straight from a store brought package to the pan . when our food came out , the ramen noodle is very evident it was also store brought . also saw the ice cream mochi dessert at the table next to us and all there was is a couple of store brought ice cream mochi and a few pocky sticks from the asian market . do yourself a favor , save your money by stopping by the asian market and make yourself the same meal for less than half the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place was nice service was good but when it comes to the food it leaves you wanting more flavors the ramen i got was ok nothing special the egg was over cooked the broth was probably the best part of the ramen noodles were decent my son got the yokisoba noodles and he did n't like them at all now would i come here again sure but it would n't be a place i would say go for the ramen or yakisoba noodles", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always past by this place and kept saying i need to stop by and check them out . so one i was starving and they were close so i stopped in . the atmosphere is very nice . the staff was friendly . i order the japanese wing , lamb skewer , and miso ramen . over all the food was good . there menu had a lot more i look forward to trying on my next visits . i really enjoyed the wings and ramen was done really well . we sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks . i ca n't remember the drink i had but it was really good and citrus . the bartender was really nice and help with choosing drink options . i say you should go by and check them out . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite place to eat in plaza midwood ! my husband always orders the tonkatsu ramen bowl and gives me his bamboo chutes and some of his pork . they only have 4 sushi rolls , but i think the osaka roll is the best in charlotte . hands down amazing place . i definitely recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , good value , good service . if you 're looking for something that is different from your normal routine and do n't want to break the bank , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere ! our waitress was amazing and very helpful ! the gyoza and ika geso were great appetizers ! our food came fast and everything was hot and delicious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was alright , but nothing really stood out . we had the spicy miso , which was zero spicy , and a handful of the `` small bite '' appetizers . nothing was bad , but again , nothing was really good . the waitstaff was really annoying , and we did n't really have just one waiter . there was about 4 or 5 different people that constantly checked on our table , each bringing us refilling our waters without asking . usually this is something i 'm for , but at one point we had 12 glasses of water for 6 people at our table . instead of taking away the empty cups , the random waiters just continued to fill them . this is also one of those places that does n't write your order down , and they attempt to memorize everything . some places do it well , however this is not one of those places . we had to remind our waitress a handful of times about missing items that she forgot to put in , and they brought us wrong food twice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to enjoy japanese food and feel the spirit of the japanese bars . great atmosphere and service . sake list is fantatastic . try the takoyaki .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced for the service quality - it may be a novelty restaurant for folks that do n't really know what good ramen is , but this is not it . dumplings were pretty good , but if you go a few block up central to dim sum they are way better . i gave 3 stars because i wanted to like this place , really only deserved 2 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few times with friends and have consistently had a great and attentive service . we typically go for the appetizer skewers which are both delicious and well priced . the drinks are just ok although the bartender will and have remade our drinks to our specifications so try their drinks . we live in noda and our friends in plaza midwood so we frequent here often . definitely worth trying out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "previously had the ramen here that did not have the depth and richness of what one may find at a place like futobuta . however on this visit we explored the unique and traditional japanese dishes and were impressed with the authenticity . raw octopus which i have never seen in a restaurant served with some kind of fresh wasabi . very good . grilled whole small squid , very much similar to what was found at mai , the late great charlotte japanese restaurant . vegetable gyoza , fresh made and seared with a vinegar sauce . monkfish liver , the foie gras of the sea , not often found anywhere , was very good . grilled duck yaktori , extremely tender . would definitely recommend for the appetizer . maybe have a couple here and go next door to bistro le bon for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good service at yama izakaya on monday12th , nice selection of sake and beer , food options good variety . the gyoza were good enough to order a second serving , lamb skewers tasty , and sushi fresh . will recommend and return . # #", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place is deece . nothing to talk about . would not come if you 're thinking ahead of a place to go . if you 're driving around and you 're close or want something close i would come here . nothing noteworthy about this place . also nothing particularly bad to note . mon tue place . not fri sat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow , , nasty gross fish cake . so we complained about the japanese pancake . and then the chef came out of nowhere and starting yelling at us . it was quite shocking . we will be surprised if this place stays in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ramen is great . reminiscent of stuff you would get in nyc . the sushi was awesome too . lots of flavor and made with good ingredients . despite the strip mall location , the inside is refined .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "menu selection was weak . do n't think you are getting sushi or hibachi . all management will say is you should have gone to our sister restaurant in south park . no thanks ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very impressed with the yakitori . had spicy cumin lamb , bacon wrapped scallop , bacon wrapped asparagus , and shiitake mushroom . also had takoyaki and the tonkostu ramen . ramen was slightly above average where as the yakitori is very impressive . will come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly incredible tonkotsu ramen , great octopus balls and delicious duck negi . oh my god i love this place so much update : went again 6 08 17 just as great ! nice to get truly authentic `` izakaya '' style food . am so tired of all the nc faux hibachi style places ... .plus the chef worked at my favorite nyc izakaya 's ... .which is like a japanese pub", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : i 've been informed that apparently the ramen does come with more than just broth . it 's really a shame that the menu or servers do n't explain that to patrons . all other menu items have details about each dish . the menu description for the ramen clearly just says `` broth . '' at any rate , now i do n't feel like returning to spend additional money after my somewhat disappointing first experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after 10 years of off an on landscape and tree service by a number of different gardening services ( quit showing up , did shoddy work , etc . ) we found pablo guttierez . he has been with us the last four years in the las sendas area of mesa . he has been very dependable and our property always looks special . his tree trimming is expert and all plants have flourished . he is certainly a five-star landscaping expert and very reasonable for the work he performs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally received a phone call today . however , i decided to go with the other company . i 'm only updating my review because i thought i did receive a phone call however a little too late .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pablo is a trained arborist to the highest degree . after a severe storm last september i called him on a recommendation from a friend . i had called three other people to get quotes , and even though his was the highest , but still reasonable , his answers were the most thorough and honest . his knowledge and opinions were spot on . he saved two trees with high quality cabling system and after accidentally breaking a paver took the replacement cost off without hesitation . he returned free of charge to adjust the cables over the next few months . his work was so thorough and done with care that we hired him to plant two new trees to replace two that we lost . that too was done with great care , running existing drip lines and returning free of charge ( labor ) to put in stakes with cables . he will forever be my guy for anything tree . he 's already scheduled to do my pruning before the monsoons . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pablo did a terrific professional job evaluating and trimming our trees . he is a certified arborist and definitely knows his trees . pablo also helped us select a replacement tree that is the ideal size and flower color for it 's location . i highly recommend pablo 's tree service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a yard full of trees in a neighborhood with irrigation that had been unattended for 5 years . it was a jungle out there . we called a few places but really liked the professionalism and friendliness of pablo . he was responsive upon calling and quickly provided the most reasonable quote we received and promptly scheduled the work . there were four 30 feet pine trees , an overgrown ash and two dead tree removals . there were also four large trees in the back . he and his team arrived promptly and did an incredibly beautiful job . some tree services just cut back ; however pablo and his crew took the time to shape as well as cut back appropriately . they really seemed to know there trees . they were courteous and considerate in our getting in and out of the house as they did the work . now our yard is transformed into a place we are proud to spend time in . i ca n't recommend pablo enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again , yelp reviews were spot on . pablo and his team were amazing ! i called for an estimate to remove a ginormous tree , clear away a lot of branches and trim some overgrown trees on our lot , not an easy task . i spoke to pablo on the phone and he was able to drive by and call me for the estimate the next day , which was fair and definitely worth the money . we were out of town , so scheduled for a couple days later . when we returned , all was cleared , trimmed and the tree - it must have been at least 30 ft tall , was gone . the yard looked so clean ! thank you tons , pablo ! ! ! ! and yes , he was professional , kind , and delivered service exactly as requested , we could actually see the driveway again ; ) . would call again in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pablo has taken care of our property for 5 years . his services have been outstanding . not only does he take care of the lawn and tree trimming , he also has taken care of additional needs of our yard . he has added a gated fence to separate our citrus trees , taken down a short wall and built an incredible fire pit . when problems occur , pablo is very attentive to our needs from water leaks to down trees . i highly recommend pablo 's landscape and tree services . pablo gutierrez is honest , fair priced and very reliable year in and year out . our lawn and trees look great every week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the first time we used pablo but he came by way of recommendation from a friend . for the estimate , pablo showed up on time and he was reasonably priced . we agreed to trim a variety trees and palms at different heights and states of overgrowth . day of the work , pablo was again on time and well prepared . for tree trimming he was diligent and safe . i noticed that he used all the proper safety equipment , dropped branches with a safety line plus used ladders to trim the palms ( as opposed to climbing with spikes ) . once the work was complete , they were also just as considerate in proper cleanup . on time , safe and reasonably priced ! pablo has earned all of our tree business ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pablo is super reliable , honest and goes the extra mile for his customer . he has helped us to realize our vision in our yard and is fair on pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : quick response , very polite . cons : i feel like he saw nice cars in my driveway and decided to try to get a lot more money than the job could possibly be worth . the quote was for one large tree removal without the stump . he quoted $ 1800 ! ! i 've had 4 other quotes and none of them were even close to that . the other highest quote was at 1200 . it felt so wrong , so i feel it necessary to leave this review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pablo does great work . have been using him for 2 years on and off when my monster tree needs to be trimed up .. very professional and always does a great job.. his price is very fair and worth the money . he is a one man wrecking crew when it comes to landscaping.. thanks pablo . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found pablo on yelp and what the other reviews say is true ! he does great work and is reasonably priced , on time , responsive , etc . we had a palm tree that needed trimming , a dead cactus that needed to be removed , and dead vines growing up the back of our two story town home that needed to be taken down . pablo handled it all ! i communicated with him via text message and sent pictures of what i needed done and he was able to quote me the estimate from that . we will definitely be using him in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pablo and his crew removed three overgrown focus tress that were planted too close to our house . he was courteous , respectful and completed the work well . a sprinkler line was broken during tree removal . i called pablo to come take a look the next day & he came early to diagnose the problem & fix the sprinkler . i will continue to use pablo 's tree trimming and landscaping services . excellent work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pablo did an amazing job on my yard . i had some palm trees that had grown too big and busted through my block wall . he came to remove them and did a great job and kept the wall intact , which i did n't think was possible . price was absolutely fair for the work and less than i was quoted with someone else . do n't hesitate to call pablo . i 'm very skeptical of hiring people i do n't know but i 'm very happy with his work . he even made sure they held up a tarp to keep stuff from getting in the pool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i prefer ag and seven for all mankind you ca n't really fault true religion for being as popular as they are . made in america and one of the better companies for making more than just `` skinny jeans '' i picked up a great pair of white jeans with red contrast stitching here for 1 3 the retail cost and could n't have been more pleased with the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ummm hello ? i found a very bad addiction here in sin city : true religion outlet . my bank account is in trouble ... hehe jk . but really , this store is awesome . prices are comparable to off saks , and for some styles even better . store is stocked to the brim and the staff is friendly and helpful . all sales are final so make sure you take a look at your item with a microscopic eye before you buy ! the reason they discount these items is because they were considered `` irregular '' which could be anything as small as a couple misplaced stitches or a rip . so keep a close eye , but you will not be disappointed , selection is a+ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i can find labels at a discount i get really happy ... like their happy buddha in their logo ! the sales staff here is extremely helpful and friendly . i have to say though , shopping in 110 degree weather was extremely hard and i did n't have too much patience in trying on 8 diff pairs of jeans . in the end , i resigned and left ... knowing that i had no room in my luggage . : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly staff . i needed to get my wife some more true religion perfume so i stopped by here and sure enough they had it . as soon as we walked in we were engaged by the staff . they were nice but not bothersome . when i told one of them what i was there for he walked me right over to where it was and did n't waste time trying to sale me other stuff . the store was clean and all of the displays were setup professionally . true religion carries nice jeans and they appeared to be fully stocked here . next time i 'm shopping for clothes ill be sure to give them a shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this brand as it is one of my faves for jeans . the store was cool and the staff was very helpful . they have great sales . you can get a $ 300 pair of true religion jeans for $ 29 if you look hard ! ! ! they have some great bargains . i never buy retail . who cares about last season 's styles ... .it 's a pair of jeans people that i will wear for years to come ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can be extremely indecisive and prefer little to no help when it comes to shopping which at times may come off as rude or arrogant . i happened to stop in with hopes of finding a nice pair of jeans , upon entering i was wowed by the set up and cleanliness of the store but i was amazed by the customer service . i was checked on numerous amounts of times by different associates and even though i turned down a dozen of offers for help they never gave up or turned their backs on me i apologize to you all if i was n't a easy , friendly customer but i greatly appreciated each and every attempt i did purchase the jeans and i will be back in for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , honest and very nice people . left my sunglasses and i thought they were lost already . got a call from dawn the next day that they found it . love the brand and this store . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best priced true religions in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the pants . it makes your toosh nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this brand for sure . quality jeans with a great fit . had questions about their products and belle was very informative and helpful . thank you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome spot for yoga and spin classes ! they do cool hybrid classes that focus on arms using resistance bands . all classes kicled my butt= good ! top quality cycles , styley space with tons of exposed brick , hardwood floors , murals , and mood lighting . the staff was very welcoming and professional . part of the new 8th ave scene ! will def b back next trip out from co .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to have a spin studio that does n't require going to shadyside or the east end . instructors are helpful , music choices are usually solid , super ample parking on 7th . only downsides are that the instructors are n't mic 'd so it can be incredibly difficult to hear sometimes . and no showers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girl who took our order was all about doing as little as humanly possible , but aside from that everything was good . my husband and i split a classic cheeseburger . i 'm a little biased ... they use tillamook cheese ( which i love ) . the star of the show , though , was the `` to die for desserts '' . they have ice cream shakes , deep fried twinkies , and house made ding dongs . we split the ding dong and it was fabulous . we both said afterwards that we 'd go back just for that ! ! shakes are $ 3 & the other 2 are $ 5 ea . well worth the price ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is your classic old school diner , complete with huge american-sized xl portions , `` you doin ' ok honey ? '' service , and floral wallpaper . i 'm a food snob from the bay area , so i expect to be eating vegan waffles with homemade whipped cream or bacon infused beignets for breakfast . but if you 're a normal person and you want to have a nice breakfast after church with the family , this place will be perfect for you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i actually had this saved as a draft and was going to say something nice . unfortunately i have been back to this location a couple of times since the new management and i do n't think i will be going ever again . service goes a long way , so i will say the food was great , but the service was unacceptable !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place used to be ok years ago but has gone wayyy down hill . the food is not good anymore . ordered corned beef hash recently , worst i ever had . service is very poor . theres plenty of good breakfast places in the valley to go instead . their pancakes might be the only thing good on the menu , but its not worth going .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good egg was not so good today . i 'll give them the extra star just because it was mothers day and they were busy . but biscuits and gravy came out ice cold . have you ever seen eaten ice cold gravy ? its like concrete . much the same with the other order : oatmeal . came out cold too ... concrete . the oatmeal here is finely ground to begin with , so it was especially gelatinous . more like left over cream of wheat than oatmeal . i would not recommend the oatmeal , even if served hot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went back for lunch today and it was delicious ! i ordered the tuna sandwich with soup , guest had the turkey bialy with fruit ( see pics ) all of their sandwiches come with your choice of home-fried potatoes , soup , salad , black beans , fruit or coleslaw and are also generously garnished with and orange slice , a watermelon triangle and a pickle spear . they also have a punch card so every 6th meal is free ... .i got free lunch today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came back and ordered the eye opener with french toast ( per my waitresses recommendation ) . yummy ! very flavorful without being too sweet . service was very good and what a great choice . they go up a star for this great dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we made the mistake of coming back . only reason we did come was for convenience . my wife and i ordered a sausage scramble , looks like the split one sausage patty for two plates , service was slow but it was n't the waitress fault more of a staffing issue . the coffee was weak , not sure how you mess that up , but they did it . earned a free meal with the stamps but i just going to throw that away we 're never coming back . such a shame this place use to be so good , not sure what happened ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an all american brunch restaurant very similar to ihop since it 's a chain . i got the florentine but the spinach did not taste fresh and there were barely any bacon bits to even taste it . however my mother & my sister enjoyed the egg white with 7 veggie omelette . i just happened to choose something that is n't their specialty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious brunch place near my house . went here with my mom , dad , husband , daughter , mother-in-law , and niece . everyone said they enjoyed what they ordered . i ordered a krabby one ( i think that 's the name ) which is an egg white crepe ( yum ! ) with mushrooms , onions , crab meat , brie cheese , and other seasonings . it came with a fruit cup and an english muffin . it was soooooo good ! ! i usually like to order something sweet for breakfast brunch , but i 'm so glad that i stepped out of the box and ordered what i did . good food and good service ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were a group of 8 that met at the good egg for breakfast . staff quickly made arrangements for our group and brought beverages immediately . the restaurant began to buzz with business and our food was a little slow arriving but the french toast was delicious and worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this restaurant when visiting a client in the area . not a bad spot , but nothing special . it has a good choice of breakfast dishes and good choice of hot sauces on the table . worth a shot , but do n't expect anything special . it is an upscale diner with decent food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not good at all . my friend and i frequent this place a lot and this am 's breakfast was horrible ! not only was the server not friendly but did n't write our order down and of course came out wrong . i had asked for the croissant sandwich but to haven eggs over easy , plus a side of bacon . eggs came out way over done and paste-like as well as no bacon . when i was asked for anything else i asked for my side of bacon . which came out minutes later , sizzling , which means it was just made and re-heated in a microwave . server only came back once to drop off the check and still had no common server sense to see my untouched plate and ask if there was something wrong . finally pushing my plate to the end of the table , she came back and asked `` are you done ? '' just gross and sad because we were one of the few tables in the place and the service lacked as well as the kitchen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good place for breakfast and when i do n't know what i want for lunch , i typically look here so i can extend my breakfast . still trying to get through the new menu , but stick with the traditional breakfast and a small side of pancakes ... which use to be from the dollar menu , now it 's the $ 2 menu ... that part i 'm not a fan of .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in to have a late breakfast with the wife . waited about 5 minutes to be seated , not horrible . we were seated on the patio of which was nice . but then it seemed they had no idea we were there . 2 servers came outside and cleared another table of which the patrons had just left . so we waited a bit longer . no server in sight , no water never asked if we wanted anything to drink . needless to say we left without even seeing the server . i was looking forward to the food however was n't going to pay for the lack of service . looks like we 're going to ihop !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "holy french toast , batman . if you want two massive chunks of bread and enough whipped butter to restuff a cow udder , this restaurant is for you ! it was a little drier than i would have liked , but that was easily remedied by the blueberry compote and syrup ( not real maple , but i never expect it to be ) . the veggie egg white omelet was decent . lots of veggies , which were fresh and flavorful , but i did n't love the potatoes that came with it . they were real potatoes but somehow tasted instant . english muffin was incinerated around the edges . pancakes were huge and tasted fine . again with the whipped butter and syrup ... good cafe , fresh food , friendly service , kinda pricey , lots of elderly folks ( this location is close to a retirement community ) . hours are limited , but it 's a solid breakfast joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good breakfast with the family . seated immediately and served pretty quickly . food was great and the portions were generous . really appreciated the healthy options . would definitely come again : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go here for a non greasy breakfast ! calories printed right on the menu so you can choose a healthier option . if your springing for unhealthy go for the pancakes ! sooo good ! or you can get any breakfast and add two small pancakes for $ 1 ! there tea is delicious and they give you a huge to go cup with no weird looks ! service has always been prompt and great , never had any issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were visiting the area and asked siri for a breakfast recommendation and she directed us here . after a mediocre experience at denny 's the morning before , we were really craving a good breakfast and this place did not disappoint ! we were seated fairly quickly and greeted promptly by our server , vanessa . working in food service myself , i find that it takes quite a bit to really impress me . vanessa , however , managed to do just that . she was extremely personable and quite possibly the most attentive server i have ever had . coffee and creamer were kept coming without any prompting and she even brought over some banana slices and cheerios for my little one while we waited for our meals . the food came out piping hot and beautifully presented and tasted just as good as it looked . the menu had a great variety with many options and very reasonable prices . we will definitely be back the next time we 're in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a decent place to grab some breakfast . i 'm not sure if i 'd go back here again because there are so many other places around maricopa county to choose from ... but they make decent omelettes . it 's got the unfortunate advantage of being in chandler ... it 's better for old people and families . not my scene , but the food was decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not impressed . i came across this restaurant when looking for a restaurant close to my work . this place was not my type . the food was also not good . the only good part about the meal was the coffee . they give you a full pot . i wish we would have gone to the another restaurant . this was restaurant was a bad egg .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "coming from oregon which have great breakfast places ... .this was a pleasant surprise . i had the macho nacho benndecit ... basccaly mexican style egg bennedict ... yummy ! my gf had the four peaks basically french toast , whip cream , yummy fruit toppings ... mmm yummy too . the only thing that kept it from a 5 stars is the customer service ... do n't be in such a rush ... talk to your customers at a personal level ... she was in a rush to give us a check in the midst of us eating ... not a good move . other than that great place and possibly the only good breakfast place in chandler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this location ! the staff is superb ! the general manager stephanie toepel & her crew go out of their way to make sure their customers are satisfied . i had ordered an omelet that is no longer on the menu , and ms. topel took it upon herself to have the dish prepared . the greek frittata is my favorite open face omelet that is no longer on the menu . however every time i come in the waitresses go out of their way to get the ingredients down . i have had the pleasure of meeting all of the waitress and waiters having and when they take my order , they all do such a fabulous job . the staff is great ; not at all snooty , or condescending . ms. topel even took the liberty of printing down ingredients so i can hand the slip to who is ever serving me without a hassle . i ca n't say enough good things about the good egg .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to have breakfast on 3 6 around 9:30ish . it was n't too busy , my dad and i got in and seated right away . a really unenthusiastic waiter made his way to our table for drink orders , i asked for coffee and water . about 5 minutes later we received coffee and my dad had tea . no water still . while the waiter was taking orders behind us , my dad tried to signal him over with the water glass , but we were ignored . the waiter took our order and i mentioned the water and he finally brought it . after about 45 minutes of watching other people come in , be seated near us and served their food , we got up and walked to the register to pay for our drinks . my dad mentioned the lack of service and our drinks were comped , but we wo n't be back , there are plenty of other places to spend our money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for breakfast ! have all the usual dishes , nothing crazy but it 's perfect if your just looking for a place to get pancakes or something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been to the good egg twice since the redecorating . the first time i had the avocado toast which is something i enjoy making at home . it is no longer on the menu . it had too much avocado on the toasted bread which made the toast soggy . oh well ! today i had the biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs and potatoes . the eggs were cold and half the potatoes were cold -- strange . not sure how that happened . the gravy was good but the biscuit under was pretty dry . i did n't complain about this because we were guests of our neighbor . not sure i 'd come back for another meal . the service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love eating here and it 's only gotten better since they redecorated the entire place and its so cute ! i love the scrambles , eating outside on the patio , as well as the fact that they juice so it 's an extra healthy option ! i do truly hope they change their menu to add gluten free options for waffles or pancakes . that would make it even better ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good egg serves a great breakfast ! from super healthy to indulgent . when we visit the phoenix area we always meet my family at this one in chandler . i like the yogurt parfait and muffin . husband can get eggs , bacon , and hash or pancakes . family has enjoyed the omelettes . service is fast . atmosphere is comfortable and decor bright . never had a bad experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm going to be nice with two stars . food is only so-so and i believe that this place only survives due to the sun lakes blue hair crowd . there is a funny smell in the noisy dining room and keeping it clean is clearly not a priority . then the 60 's rock music ugh !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first visit to this good egg location and i was very pleased and will definitely return . the service was prompt and the food was good . one of the things that i enjoy about the good egg is that the food is always consistently good regardless of which location you choose . we had a lovely leisurely breakfast and it was the perfect start to a relaxing saturday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an expensive denny 's . pass this one by . just not up to good egg standards .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a solid reliable caf\u00e9 for breakfast and lunch daily ! this place is always busy and the wait staff , kitchen employees , and manager , stephanie , do a great job serving their customers with great meals ! i like the eye opener combo , the wildcat scramble , and the chicken sandwich ! this is the best place in this area for a reliable decent meal ! yes , they have regular customers which is a high form of praise !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the menu has many great diverse options . i was very impressed by the service here for the waiters were friendly and helpful . the cinnamon bun was absolutely outstanding !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yep , it is again saturday morning , and we are at our favorite place for breakfast ! ! ! ! the eye opener is a wonderful way to start the day ! ! ! ! the pancakes are the best in town ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , besides always being too cold ( bring a jacket ) , the food is always great . from scrumptious omelets , to delicious pancakes , to perfectly cooked bacon . even their coffee is good , they offer different flavors throughout the year . the pancakes are huge , you can get whole wheat ( awesome ! ) . i usually get whole wheat pancake with blueberries and granola . it 's a great combo with a side of bacon , and 1 pancake fills me up . going here for breakfast is definitely a treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and this place was a major score . the food portions were perfect . great atmosphere to go along with pleasant attitudes by every staff member . the french toast , sunrise benedict , and macho nacho were all a hit ! ! oj was freshly squeezed and coffee was excellent . i will definitely come back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate here last weekend . not a long wait , all you can drink coffee pot , and great food . in love with the `` healthy one '' . the crepe eggs are so good : ) we will be coming back . took away one star because we had to wait awhile to flag down our waiter to get the check .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to a few different the good egg locations & this by far is my favorite one ! they have a quiet little patio on the side & their staff is so nice & attentive ! great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome breakfast and i 'm ecstatic that they have merged with first watch . now i do n't have to travel all the way up to i-17 and dunlap . awesome breakfast and quick service . it definitely is busy on weekends so be aware of that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am never disappointed ! i 've been here several times with the bf . love the watermelon-lemonade . i usually always get some type of breakfast burrito from here , i always end up cutting it in half and having the rest later in the day . very filling , but in a way so that you 're not feeling gross and groggy afterwards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall , service was good . my one complaint is that their quality in bacon has gone down . very fatty ! they really need to reevaluate and possibly purchase from another vendor . i mentioned this to them a few months ago and still no improvement . manager told me other customers have complained . we probably wo n't be going back unless things improve .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so after i posted my review , i was actually contacted by the area manager . he was very concerned about my experience and we had an in depth and genuine conversation about what could be done . i have to say , they are concerned with delivering delight . i have high hopes that things are going to get better quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . beside the miscommunication with the waitress . food came out hot and fresh ... you can tell they take pride in fresh ingredients . i highly recommend it for breakfast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is really busy in the early morning . it is near a retirement area , and most of the customers like to eat early . we prefer to come for brunch around 11 after the rush . the food is breakfast fare and very delicious . i love how they put the calories for each dish on the menu . we love to eat healthy ! it helps us make better food choices . they have lots of healthy food options in addition to some extravigant pancake options . try the omlettes ! they have lots of delicious ones . also try sitting out on the patio . it is nice , quiet , and comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super yummy - great food and lots of healthy alternatives ! i love that i can have egg subsitute ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to good egg to have breakfast and was pleasantly surprised about the remodeled place , it looks amazing ! service was great but i decided to have chilaquiles from their spring menu , and it was disappointing . they used store bought tortillas chips , they were dry , although the salsa had a good flavor , i could n't get passed the chips . for $ 10.79 . i now know what not to order next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just wanted to write an update because i finally stopped in for lunch and i was very underwhelmed . portions seem to be much smaller for sandwich and salad items , which is disappointing . our turkey sandwich had very little meat ( but lots of lettuce ) and the country potatoes were cold when they arrived . ( i knew the potatoes would be a mistake ! ) and the san fransisco spinach salad , while served on a giant plate , is very small when you realize that the plate only has a very thin layer of spinach and very few toppings . at $ 8.95 it would be nice if it came with a few pieces of meat as well . oh and even the fruit cup you can add for $ 1 was smaller today at lunch than it was last week at breakfast ! i 'll stick with breakfast at the good egg .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a great breakfast and lunch spot . i adore the spanish omelette . plus they will custom make your omelette to order . no worries about additions or changes . and tons of sides to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't love this place- even though i really wanted to ! my family and i were in phoenix visiting from california looking for a good breakfast place . the reviews had me looking forward to visiting the good egg . on the plus side , the service was great , seating comfortable , and prices reasonable . unfortunately , we all thought ( 5 of us ) the food was only acceptable and typical for a phoenix suburb ( sorry phoenix , nothing personal ! ) . frozen ingredients most likely ( for example , not all fresh veggies in omelets . potatoes- did n't see fresh cut . and , skimpy on the veggies in the omelet . the eggs on my benedict were soft boiled , which really disappointed me . for heavens sake , do n't call yourself the good egg if you do n't know how to prepare one ! ! oh- and the coffee was weak . next time i am in the area i 'll check out a different spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am surprised to see bad reviews of the fulton ranch location in chandler- we are locals here and very particular about food choices , and are regulars at the good egg ! ! i usually do n't like chain restaurants , but their menu has nutritious choices ( egg white omelettes with veggies and bean salsa as a side ) as well as standard breakfast fare . the service is always pleasant , and there is some outdoor seating when the weather is nice . four stars instead of five because the decor is standard , nothing hip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "look ... you do n't come to the good egg looking for a healthy choice . that being said , it 's a great spot to splurge on some really good breakfast food . if you 're on foursquare , check in and get a free 50 lb ( joking ... but it is huge ) cinnamon sticky bun thingy . it 's about 3 days worth of calories but well worth it . dig in ya 'll . robert pfeifer", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i had breakfast here one morning friday morning in september after leaving the egg and i in downtown ocotillo because of the service . we have had breakfast at the good egg a few times now , and have always appreciated the attentive service and the great food . i had a breakfast that included two 'petite ' pancakes and they were yummy and almost as large as the plate ... we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , i had a great experience . the food was good and service was great . i think the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get . the food : i had the combination breakfast plate . it comes with 2 pancakes , eggs , and a choice of meat . i sub 'd my eggs for potatoes . the pancakes in the combo are a little on the small side but you get two , which was plenty . there is a choice of buttermilk or whole wheat batter . the buttermilk just melts in your mouth . the menu is also really really extensive . tons of choices . service : it can get pretty busy in there , so if you go on a saturday or sunday morning just be prepared to wait a bit . still worth it . they have hot coffee and tea outside while you wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am glad that there are still a few pizza hut dine-in restaurants . it is just feeling good to enjoy a freshly baked pizza in a pizza restaurant with comfortable seating . i love pizza hut 's pan-crust pizza . it is just delicious ! i hope pizza hut pays more attention to well maintain its dine-in restaurants . the carpet floor was always full of food leftovers and papers , etc . the staff sat at a guest table to wipe cutlery . hmmm ... i do n't know what to say . i just know i do n't want to see the pizza hut restuarants disappear !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a craving for pizza and decided to pack up the family and head over to one of the last remaining pizza hut restaurants in the area . we were greeted by a friendly staff member and led to a table to sit down ... but that 's where the good points of this review end . we waited at the table for a waitress to come by to say `` hi '' . 5 minutes pass . wave to passing waitress - no response . another 5 minutes pass . wave to greeter who promptly said she will fetch our waitress . another 5 minutes pass . finally a waitress comes by - but to the table in front of us . we ask her to take our order and she says `` i 'm not your waitress ! '' what ... after 15 minutes of waiting , not a word from our waitress ? ! i went to the manager and asked where our waitress was ... but no one seemed to have an idea . needless to say we packed up and left hungry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called in for delivery and got the triple treat special . 2 mediun pizzas 2 toppings , cane with bread sticks boneless wings and a cookie pie . it was all delicious . came hot . came on time . no complains . had lefr overs from eating with a party of 4. everyone enjoyed it . i was surprised how fast it came as i had the delivery come in 30min . i ate at 5pm . so i beat rush hour i think . lol in all i would order again . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thief and very poor service , the pizza they make look nothing like they advertise , my 2 year old can put on better job on toppings and kneed the dough for a hand toss pizza", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no sauce on pizza . not worth the price . bad service . expect your waiter or waitress take your order with her or his mouth full . yup ! ! they eat food while talking to you and taking your order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here last year on a weekday evening , place was empty and still got awful service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well it 's the best pizza hut place i ever go to . but the problem was my medium meat lover pizza cost $ 20 in total .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst delivery . i 've ordered online and had this location mutiple time . always late ! every time is has been on the average 30 minutes late ! ! always cold ! ! they should hire more drivers !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when we we first came here i had doubts , but we still ordered . it was great from the chicken wings to the pizza and pasta . it 's very roomy and cozy and we left full . will come back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza hut is one of my favourite pizza places . the service at this location is great , the staff is really friendly . come here usually once a week with my family . loved the $ 5 deal that pizza hut was having .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am surprised other reviews here are less than satisfactory . i like the pizza hut at this location . i usually do take out or sometimes dine there . when i do take out it is usually pretty busy.. when i went to dine it one time they made a pizza wrong and then gave it to my family and i for free so that was cool . my only complaint is that the food is unhealthy so that is why i have n't been back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just moved in next door . did n't want to cook and was craving pizza . walked in to make a take out order and they told me they have no dough . i was told the dough will be ready in approx . 20 minutes . they also told me that there were about 13-15 orders waiting for dough as well , therefore it will be a long wait . come on ... what pizza place runs out of dough ? did n't end up ordering , but i love pizza hut . i will be back for a food review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the 10 dollars pizza of the day deal ! come here almost once a week . remember u can order the large pizza of the day for 10 dollars as well the default option on the website is medium . did n't know that when i first ordered it online ... ... it is much better than dominos pizza in my opinion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a review for the dining in experience . we usually go as a group and order 2 extra large pizzas ( one from the meat selection and one from the chicken selection ) as you will get a discount on your second pizza . i like pan pizza over everything else . thin crust is ok . but stuffed crust and hand tossed are terrible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "damn this food is good ! brisket the way it 's meant to be ; melt in your mouth delicious and scrumptious . the pork nachos are insane ! so flavorful with tender meat and spices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who grew up in the south , i 've been particularly hesitant about giving bbq in pittsburgh a try . however , when this food truck showed up right outside my office today for a make-a-wish charity event , i figured it was time . i regret nothing about that decision . i had the brisket sandwich ( without the bun , as i am keto ) and it was absolutely delicious . the brisket was moist , tender , and the sauce did n't overpower the taste of the meat . i 'd personally hoped for a little more bark , but i know a lot of sandwiches do n't include it . all in all , i was pleasantly surprised and hope to try other sandwiches on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "downloaded the mobile nom app to keep up with the upcoming food truck season and literally five minutes later i had my first notification that man beast was parked outside of my office . i had the havana club and mac . the meat was tender and generously portioned . the mac left a little to be desired since it was n't very cheesy . it is skillet mac so it has crispy cheese on top and bottom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat at chipotle a lot ! one of my favorite places ... tonight my family and i came to this location and will never return ! ! ! you walk in and the energy is depressing ... employees all looked miserable and pissed off . the service sucked , totally felt like i was bothering them by ordering . the women 's bathroom was horrible ! ! ! blood on the toilet paper dispenser , urine and dust on the back of the toilet , walls were gross , smelled ... . looked like it had n't been properly cleaned in weeks . felt sick to my stomach after . such a nice area . so sad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was happy to have a chipotle location so close to home but i will not be returning . i have given this location at least four chances over the last six months hoping that there would be some improvement . every time i 've been the brown rice is hard as though it has n't been cooked properly . on at least two occasions they have run out of the meat i was ordering . this last time there was at least a 7 min wait for fajita veggies . i would n't mind those things if they were really busy but it 's never been busy when i 've been in . and the portion sizes are always minuscule . from now on i will drive out of my way to avoid another disappointing meal or just choose something else all together . not worth your money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i understand this location is a bit new , but they really need to step up their game . i went in the other day with my friend and the food was lacking which was a huge disappointment due to our love of chipotle . the meat was super chewy , the rice was way too strong , and we were left waiting 10-15 minutes because their cashier was in the bathroom and no one else was allowed to ring . they did give us free drinks for the wait , however , which was really nice of them . because it took so long , finally one of the other members rang us up which they would have gotten in trouble for if caught.. which is ridiculous . i will continue going to chipotle , but probably not to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went in the other night and they were out of sofritas . they cooked some up right away , and offered me a drink while i waited . it took several minutes , but the manager let me have my meal for free . all the employees working were extremely polite and had rockstar attitudes . i will definitely return to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "opened mid may 2015 . as always chipotle does n't disappoint . friendly staff and clean new restaurant . plenty of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chipotle i 've been to . staff is always friendly and food is always good . we just moved to this part of scottsdale and are happy to call this our new `` home location ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had placed a large order the other day for pick up , and unfortunately they messed up 3 of the 8 orders . sadly they were mistakes that prevented people from eating and enjoying their meals . i thought my bowl was fine until i pulled out a 12 inch long black hair from my guacamole . i frequent other chipotles around the valley and have never had such a negative experience as i did at this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "badly needed are diaper changing areas in each bathroom . have n't been to one chipotle restaurant that has them . very inconvenient . this is a family friendly place except for this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited this chipotle for the first time today and it will most certainly be the last time . i ordered a chicken bowl . the chicken , and all of the meat , looked like it had been sitting there all day . i also asked for lettuce on it , there was only scraps at the bottom and instead of getting more to actually have lettuce on my bowl she just put a little . the customer service was lacking and the food was not to the same standards as other locations . i recommend steering clear of this location and going the extra couple miles for better food and service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had a very pleasing experience . i sent a coworker to pick me up a burrito bowl but due to a mutual misunderstanding , i ended up getting a veggie bowl . i went myself back to the store to buy a side of carnitas . i was pleasantly surprised when the friendly employees not only remembered my order from earlier but went out of their way to rectify the situation and leave me a happy customer . i didnt get any names but all of the employees working there at around 2pm pn 4 29 were fantastic . i work in a service industry myself so i really appreciate when its done right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't make a special order because they will `` forget you said that '' . i asked for simple changes and the incompetent staff could not accommodate . i did n't ask for anything other than taco shells ... no go . when i called to ask why i did n't get them i got a '' oh , it 's not extra , i just forgot to put them in . it will still be good . just no taco shells ... . '' wth ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate to do this , but i 'm very disappointed . my steak was cold and chewy , like it had been sitting out for a while . and half of my bowl was green bell peppers . yes i got the corn salsa stuff , but i 've never had so many green peppers in it . i love chipotle , but i 'm not sure i will be going to this one again . i ended up ordering from another place because i just could n't make myself eat chewy steak .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have this location a one star because every time i 've gone into this location the service is crap ... . for example tonight i walked wanting to order food all the employees seemed like they did n't want to help me it seemed like they conversations they were having were more important then giving any type of service not to mention some of them were on there phone while cooking that 's not sanitary at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super nice crew members ! their steak tastes absolutely amazing ! ! ! they give great portions & the goal tastes amazing all together ! one of the best chipotles i have ever been to , & i am very picky about my chipotles ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to give this chipotle a good review , i really do ... but i just ca n't . i love chipotle and eat there once a week . the food quality is ok . seems a bit lacking compared to other locations , but what is seriously lacking is service efficiency . since they 've opened mid-may , i 've probably been there 6 times . every single time , i have had to wait extra for something they ran out of and did n't have a new batch ready . i did get my meal free once because of this ( without me asking ) , which was nice . maybe it 's because they 're new ( i hope that 's the case ) , but it 's been a consistent thing that makes me want to drive farther to visit another location ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2 stars because i love chipotle but this location sucks ! ! ! portions are small , nobody was friendly , asked for lemons and they had me wait 5 minutes for one slice . there were only 3 people ahead of me and i was in line for 20 minutes . get it together ! the manager seemed flustered . probably because she was working with a bunch of lazy boys . they probably need some women in their to whip them into shape . lol . regardless.. i 'll just stick to the indian bend location for now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only problem with this location is the music is so loud you ca n't have a conversation without yelling . the staff is friendly and the food is up to par , but occasionally the lettuce seems a little questionable . the chips are frequently stale or soggy : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go to chipotle at least twice a month . today i took my mom in for lunch , for her first chipotle experience ! the food , as always , was great . the service however , is what will keep me coming back to this particular location . in all my years of going to chipotle , i have never had a reason to write a review until now ! tom , was the cashier at the time and he was just the sweetest person . i do n't think i have ever received such kindness , my mom was even impressed , and that says something . so , thank you tom - you made both of our days : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service and management . when i ordered they were fresh out of barbacoa so i ordered steak instead to not hold up the line . the manager gal who is awesome btw ... comp 'd my burrito . always friendly , always clean . much easier to get in and out of than the kierland location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people need to get over their issues with chipotle . the restaurant was clean at lunchtime . friendly staff . orders assembled as ordered . good quantities . food was fresh . guac was generous . what 's not to like ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff were so friendly and conversational . i was helped by a blonde woman who asked how i was doing and was genuinely interested , i work at butterfly wonderland so she let me talk about the work there . then she was like , `` hey it 's a friday , have a soda on us . '' it was so awesome and made my day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've personally invested in chipotle stock and this location is decent at best . awesome staff but judging the other reviews , they 're right for the most part . meat is typically old-looking and tasting and or running out quite often . parking is `` as-expected '' due to it being in a small complex . it can be either slow or packed but lately during lunch it 's seemed packed . nonetheless , when i crave chipotle due to my work location i come here opposed to up the block .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was happy when i learned a year or two or so ago that chipolte was opening a new place around the corner from my home . the other chipotle on greenway loop scottsdale road is great ! ! but the few times i went to the one by my home is horrible ! ! every time ! ! the employees are like 20 to 25 years old and rude and clueless ! ! ! ! the flour tortilla tacos were bad , meat old , tortillas old ugh ! ! ! ! honestly i dislike jack n box , and have n't been there in 3 or 4 years , but would have been more satisfying ugh ! ! this chipotle will go out of biz very soon !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "top notch craft beer selection , helpful wait staff , and a very innovative menu unlike anything else in the area . so glad to have found this spot ! i 'll return just for the bread and roasted garlic alone ... what an interesting alternative to regular old bread and butter . the french onion soup was top notch as well , flavorful and not too salty . i loved the centerpiece on the table too- looked handmade and really added to the cozy atmosphere . ca n't wait to try everything on the menu", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how do you run out of a crispy fish on a friday in lent at 7pm ? ? ? ? there is only one cabernet on the menu , it tastes like a $ 6 bottle of wine . i sent it back we loved the roasted bulb of garlic , butter and bread that is supposed to come when you sit down . except we got ours after our app . the pork chop was wonderful the burger was ordered med-rare , it arrived med-well . but we would give it another try", "score": "3"}
{"review": "looks the same inside . burgers were good . the more expensive entree i had was terrible . overcooked seafood , pasta was mushy . if we go again , it wo n't be for the entrees .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was looking for somewhere i had n't eaten at in the north hills and found this place online . the menu looked good so i thought we would give it a try . i had the hanger steak stroganoff . the steak was very chewy and the risotto was just ok. my wife had a grilled chicken sandwich that she said was good . my son had the steak and frites which was ok , but an unidentified steak ( sirloin maybe ? ) with fries for $ 32 was way overpriced . the service was good . the waitress was very pleasant . overall , it was overpriced , the food was mediocre at best , and i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "happen to come by this little spot while heading out to see a friend who was playing music there . we sat at the bar which was fully stocked with a nice wine selection and a few craft beers on tap . place reminded me of a local bar with an upscale feel . the dinning area was nice and intimate and the bar was hopping due to a wedding reception party being there . we snagged ourselves a beer and ordered from the menu ! i just got the calamari appetizer which was nice sized . it had a mix of fried squash with it along with a proven\u00e7al sauce . was pretty tasty but it was slightly overlooked a bit . now as for my partner in crime for the evening he got the berry salmon salad which looked and tasted delicious ! ! i tried a few bites and the salamon was cooked perfectly ! the greens and berries complimented the salad beautifully ! nice to try this place out again and explore the menu further", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and reasonable prices . i had grilled shrimp which has a great grilled flavor on spinach ravioli . started out with a wonderful beet salad . my husband has scallops which he said were very good . of course had to have dessert . creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e and the apple tart was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here for nye . not sure why the negative reviews . we had a great meal , the service was good and the owners were super fun . it 's a bit expensive so not a place we can go often . will go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately , we had poor service . our waiter mixed up our entree and salad tickets . our table had cold entrees and cold salads . i believe it was the manager who noticed this and offered to have our plates warmed . by that point the asparagus and crab on my chicken francaise became dried up and shriveled . i 'll also mention that both my boyfriend 's mother 's pork milanese and my dish were bland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stopped in here yesterday for st. patrick 's day . these people just do not get it . baldini 's lasted from 1962 - 1985 as a neighborhood bar . dave and duffy 's followed and lasted for ten years and was always successful until the owner died and they were forced to sell the place . since then , the restaurants in this building have progressively gotten more and more stupid . this one sets a new benchmark for stupidity . who in their right mind would think that a place like this would `` make it '' in this area ? they have literally no bar food ( pig wings ? honestly what the heck is that ? ) , the beer selection is unreasonably expensive , and the food is really only suitable for a pre-oscar party , not a neighborhood restaurant . i give it until april until this place goes under , and joins the likes magoo 's natoli 's , fiddlers , and ziggy 's . bring back baldini 's ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolute wonderful place ! my family was in town for a wake funeral and due traffic did not have time for dinner before the viewing . we called ahead to make sure they would be able to accommodate our party later in the evening . we also mentioned that we had campari lovers and the owner went out and got a bottle for us ! our server was delightful and the food was outstanding ! i ordered the steak and frites and it was delicious . everyone at the table ordered something different and each person loved their meal ! next time we are in town we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food ; menu items you do n't find everywhere . roasted garlic for the bread is perfection . friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here again , another saturday evening . the live music was absent but the quality of he food was not . i got the hanger steak stroganoff and omg . it was so good . the accompanying risotto was creamy and some of the best risotto i 've ever had . and the roasted root vegetables ? i ca n't even . fantastic . i 'll go back just for a plate of hose root vegetables anytime . so far this place is two for two , and i ca n't wait to go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and excellent service . i had the salmon and my husband had the rack of lamb . both were well prepared and paired well with sides . price is reasonable . nice cocktail menu , i tried the mrs. mccandless and it was very good . will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a friday evening meal with my fianc\u00e9e . i 've always loved restaurants that serve roasted garlic with their bread , and it was wonderful . great craft beer selection too . both of our meals were fabulous . my pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked , and the tomato risotto cake was remarkable . we 'll definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . i dined with two other people and they were happy with their food . service was very nice and accommodating . i got a burger with salad . the dressing was oddly spiced and strong ! homemade chips were ok . i ordered the burgher medium and it came back mooing rare . i did not complain because i was someone else 's guest .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have made it a habit to come here every time i come into town to visit family . the menu has a large selection of everything from sandwiches to filets for any budget . the chef is extremely creative with some very unique creations that will not disappoint . if you are in the area this is a great choice for a casual lunch or a formal dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a bill for $ 28 in the mail from them and i could n't figure out why ... i thought i 'd paid for my filling in full on my first visit and my cleaning at my second visit was supposed to be free because of my insurance , so why was i getting a bill for $ 28 ? ? i called and reached cheryl at the front desk . i explained to her that i got a bill and i was n't sure why and within seconds she had pulled up my account history , it turns out that i overpaid for my filling and i had actually received a credit memo , not a bill ! : ) she said she was gon na have them generate a check and send it to me right away . how awesome is that ? these guys really are the best at customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the reasons why i love yelp is because i found this awesome dentist office . i used to go to one that was just lame : long waits , billing problems , rude staff , and the list goes on . i never have long waits , the staff is so sweet , and no billing problems as of yet ( and i 've been a customer for over a year now ) . the dental hygienist is sweet as pie - and gives me instructions on how to clean my teeth in places that i have a tough time cleaning . she even gave me this cool looking toothbrush to get that gunk in those hard to reach places . the dentist is also very nice and personable . overall , i have not had a bad experience here . the only issue i have is that they are in tempe - and i live in central phoenix so it 's a drive for me . however , with this type of service , i 'm glad to be a returning customer . thank you gentle care dental for keeping my pearly whites pearly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "going to the dentist is not something anyone looks forward to , but gentle care dental makes it as pleasant as it could be . everyone who works there is very friendly and caring . what i love is that the overall mood of the office is calm and low-key which helps a lot . dr. barela and his hygienists are all very mellow and comforting in their demeanor . also , i have never waited more than 5 minutes to be taken in when i arrive for an appointment . when i first started going to gentle care dental a few years ago , i had a root canal performed by dr. barela . he actually called me the next day to ask how i was doing ! ! when i told him that i was still having some pain ( although i did have pain meds ) he actually told me to call him 2 days later if i was still in any pain ( which would be sunday ) and he would meet me at his office on sunday to see what the problem was ! ! ! does n't get any better than that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to thank teresa and dr. barela of gentle care dental for being there in the event of our family emergency . my sister in law came into town to attend our fathers funeral and started having excruciating pain from one of her teeth . i reached out to teresa , the front office manager on friday night and she was able to make time first thing saturday morning to see dr. barela . she ended up needing a root canal and they were able to get her into a specialist to have it taken care of just in time . had it not been for teresa and dr. barela , my sister would have missed one of the most important events of her life . all i can say is thank you , thank you , thank you ! you helped make the impossible possible and we will be forever grateful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dental care . great bed-side manner and dental treatment by both the dentist and the technicians , explains treatment well , up-to-date equipment etc . also billing front office do a great job in following up and getting correct info . keep me on my toes by checking the amount of gum recession on each visit and can tell if i 'm not flossing regularly ... light years better than my previous dentists ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there really is n't anything i could add to their praise that someone has n't already said . it 's all true , every review . the women running the front desk are so welcoming and efficient . the dental assistants are on their a-game and very attentive . dr. barela wins the best dentist award in my book ; his knowledge and ease with my procedure was both comforting and painless . i went in anxious and terrified , i came out confident and thrilled to go back . and that 's saying a lot for someone who once needed five people to hold her down just for an iv . this time , i did n't even need my mister to hold my hand during the novacane ! and in case you were wondering- i had a root canal . first time . did n't feel a thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best dentist in the entire world ! i needed to get in today , and they totally accommodated me last minute ! i have been going there since 2013 , and have had nothing but positive experiences . every person that works there is incredibly nice , efficient , and they really know what they are doing . i ask a lot of silly questions , and they are more than happy to answer them without even batting an eye . i hate going to the dentist , but they make you feel at home , and comfortable ! if you are looking for an incredible dentist , hygienist , and receptionists , this is the place for you ! i love", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love this office ! i am one step closer to starting my invisalign treatment that i have been wanting to start for years now ! dr. barela is a very knowledgeable dentist and i feel like i can defiantly trust him ! p.s there decor is so festive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love gentle care dental ! ! dr. wu , dr. barela and the staff are absolutely amazing ! the atmosphere is warm and inviting and you are always treated like family . i have always had a fear of going to the dentist ; in fact , the first time i sat with dr. wu i was so scared that i cried ! she was so patient with me and really took the time to explain everything to me . i now enjoy going to my appointments and visiting with the staff . my husband sees dr. barela and ca n't say enough good things about him ! we refer family and friends to their office because we know that they will receive the best care and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this practice ! courteous , thorough , great pricing ( ask them for their cash price deals ) , and truly , yes i 'm gon na say it , gentle ! ive had 25 years of terrible experiences until i found gentle care . now , i wo n't go anywhere else ! they themselves in being honest with what you really need and nothing else . if you 're searching for a dentist-your search is over ! ( i 'm a real patient , in case you were wondering . ) i am just so glad my search is over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful dentist . my son knocked a filling out at 6 . called dr. barella and he stayed late and got him patched up . was wonderful with my daughter as well . i love this place , they do n't triple book so your appointment is actually the time they scheduled . they are all very professional and caring !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to these guys today after over 3 years of not seeing a dentist . i have severe anxiety when it comes to visiting the dentist . unfortunately i had a broken tooth giving me severe pain . i emailed cheryl on sunday night explaining my issue and they got me in right away monday morning for x-rays and i then returned an hour later to have the work up done for my crown . i explained to them i would need nitrous oxide or something else to help me not freak out . i also told them that i have had difficulty in the past getting areas of mouth numb and staying numb . dr. barela did an excellent job of putting me at ease , numbing the area and getting me relaxed with the nitrous . the hygienist chris did an excellent job with my cleaning and x-rays . overall i had an excellent experience and will be returning ! ! ! ! ; ) if i could give this place more stars i definitely would ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this practice for a couple of years now . the hygenists and dentists are indeed gentle with your teeth and they do n't force me to take x-rays . i explained my concern about taking x-rays and i was not forced into taking x-rays . i did have to fill out a liability waiver , which is expected . dr. barela and dr. wu are very nice people , gentle , and caring . i highly recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . they have the nicest , most gentle staff ive ever experienced in a dental office . i originally followed probably the gentalist dentist over here a few years ago . sadly , after a few months w this practice he decided to move to a res up north and continue his work there . so glad i stayed . their front office staff is super nice . any questions you have , theyll answer . both dr. wu and dr. barela are awesome . very chatty ( i dont know about you , but that makes me more comfortable ) , and willing to answer any questions or look into any concerns you may have . love that they have tvs w movies playing on them above every chair , its nice to not think about the fact that im getting a filling while its happening . seriously , so glad dr. kelty introduced me to this office . ive been to some awful , awful dentists . these people are absolutely the opposite of awful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place ( as much as i could like a dentist 's office i suppose ) . they always take the time to explain what is going on and really educate their patients . the staff is very friendly and do their best to make you feel at ease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to tempe and found this gem of an office . everyone is so nice . they were very thorough with the exam and cleaning , and gave me great pointers for keeping my teeth healthy . they have a great payment plan for those with no insurance as well . glad i found them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we returned to gentle care dental on 12 19 2016 , 3rd visit this year . we no longer dread going to the dentist thanks to the caring staff at gentle care dental . from teresa at the front desk , to dr barela and hygienist chris , gentle care dental is operated efficiently , and a patient 's individual circumstances and concerns are always addressed with respect and kindness . so happy we found this dental practice a few years ago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "theresa is fantastic ! i 've been really impressed with the service so far ! would definitely recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called this office to get a price comparison , and the receptionist technician was beyond unhelpful , frankly she was confusing . this office is in need of a phone etiquette lesson .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't recall last time i actually left a dentist 's office feeling ... great ! after an absence from regular dental exams and cleanings , i was in the position to begin a new dental relationship . the idea of leaving a cell number to request an appointment struck me as efficient , and so the relationship began ... the majority of my first visit was spent with chris , one of their hygienists . i 'm an old guy , and have encountered many dental hygienists in my life . i can honestly say i was totally impressed with chris ' knowledge , skill , patience , and 'bedside manner ' . totally professional . i actually look forward to my next visit . wife was amazed with the results , and she is looking to set up an appointment next week . dr. barela was quickly up to speed with my situation , and i feel good knowing i 've begun a new long term professional relationship .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who is has a fear of the dentist , this place is amazing . dr. barela explains everything in great detail . one of the first dentists i 've had that actually tols me absolutely everything that needs to be worked on . he also is considerate when any sign that your in pain at all to address it . no more nightmares about dentists . also the staff is super friendly . worth going back to from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place to have the office inside the walmart . we went to the one in tempe . the dentist and her assistance are very nice . the price is also very for deep cleaning . my husband was very happy after the visit", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not comfortable when going to the dentist . sometimes i panic , nervous , forget to breathe . . . dr. wu made me very comfortable and always stopped to ask if i was ok . i was very grateful and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here for my root canal crowning & 4 dental fillings . the experience was alright . not as good as the reviews suggested . i 'd exhausted my annual insurance benefits , so they did work around that with me & gave me a plan that made economic sense to me . but the quality of work is what i 'm not so confident about . i felt their push so i could get more fillings . they identified i needed 8-9 fillings . i settled for 4 which actually made apparent sense to me . i felt that the cleanup ( digging ) they did before doing the filling was a little too much compared to my previous dentist visits . and one of the four fillings i received developed sensitivity within 4 months ! and i do take very good care of my teeth - regular brushing , flossing , eating habits .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for three years now ( yikes time flies ! ) and every visit is always the same : friendly , accommodating , extremely professional with the best equipment , and above all , the most patient and careful and detailed cleaning professionals so that you leave with that feeling like you 've got a set of brand new teeth . they are really accommodating for my family whose schedules are pretty random . anyway i would never go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always received an excellent cleaning here and will continue to get all my dental work done at gentle care dental . the staff is super friendly and have always accommodated my hectic last minute schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so thankful i decided to hire the pigeon guy . nobody wants to pay for pigeon removal and control . the pigeon guy has exceeded my expectations . you will be provided with a very detailed contract , every question and issue is covered . my flying rats were very persistant . the pigeon guy returned 2 times to ensure i was fully satisfied . amazing customer service ! the technicians and receptionist are over the top ... .prompt call return and technicians not only ontime ... ..early . my technician even painted a spot where the pigeons pulled off paint", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the best . they gave a detailed contract , and explained everything . they are prompt , and very polite . i would recommend this company to anyone . as said previously , no one wants to pay for pigeon removal but i believe they are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't bother with this company . i made numerous attempts to contact them within a three-week period and was told multiple times they would be contact me for further discussion . they never made any attempt to reach me . clearly they had no intention of gaining my business . i 'm completely disappointed in this company and would not waste my time . if i was able to select 0 stars i would do so .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic work . they expected explained the work and how it would eliminate the problem . scoping it out after the work is complete and it looks like brand new and the 15-20 pigeons that were on my roof were never there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've banned this store from my life . the teenage cashiers are always in a bad mood . have never encountered a respectful one . needs proper management . does n't accept credit cards ! ! go to heinen 's up the street . a bit more expensive , but you get what you pay for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cleaner than some marc 's stores i 've been to , but also less well-organized than some that i 've been to . it 's fairly quiet , which is always nice . the staff were not particularly helpful , but nice enough . if you are shopping here and you are n't familiar with marc 's stores , just be aware that the only credit card they accept is discover . they always accept cash .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently picked up a pizza here on my way to a friend 's place one night . the guy on the phone was nice and helpful when i called to order . i asked if the pizza could be ready at a certain time because i was stopping in to pick up on my way somewhere- it was ready on time and paying for it was quick and easy . i did see a coupon online that they would n't accept , so i did have to pay a bit more than i had originally planned . the quality of the pizza was good- i went off the beaten track with some toppings ( peppers , banana peppers- yum ! ) , and they tasted good . i would order from them again , but i 'd probably make sure i could use a coupon that they would accept .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad quick and easy ! ! i had a sub and was pretty good and tasty", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have tiny little pepperonis that crisp up , awesome ! service was polite , pizza was on time and delivery man was funny .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am dating a girl just up the road and we have walked in an ordered pizza to be delivered in the past the pizza is amazing and being a couple beers in i am really not sure how fast it was delivered . but i called again tonight to order in for one of those chill nights and it took 1:42 minutes to get our cold pizza . the poor delivery guy took my hurtful blows , instead of the stoner on the phone who repeated back our information and wrote it down wrong . if you call and get the burnout just call the next company . `` we live in america where pizza is from . '' ricky bobby", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't bother ordering wings . they were so small i swear they are killing baby chicks 24 hours after they hatch . seriously , these were the smallest wings i have ever seen . a dozen took up an area of about 5 '' diameter in the box . i estimate each wing to be approximately 1.5 '' - 2 '' long and no wider than a nickel to a quarter around . i am not even kidding ... i wish i had pictures . they were good but microscopic . the pizza from here is always good so that is why they got 2 stars . otherwise , this would be a 1 star review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 - love the new digs.. nice tables and ambiance . wife got lamb curry @ 2 spice levels , , , was mild but a whole lotta flavor i got the shrimp vindaloo @ 5 spice levels ... heat , , mm heat , , , very flavorful as well , sauce was awesome to dip the garlic bread in , not a huge fan of basmati rice though , , , with you had choice of jasmine , , but all in all we will be back , , thanks , fyi : front door is n't just a pull on handle , you need to press the top lever then pull , almost seemed like the place was closed ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "noticed this new indian place near our house so i thought we 'd give it a shot . the first impression as we walked in the door was very positive , decor and ambiance were a step up from the previous establishment that was in this location . service was also good - prompt and responsive , but that 's where the positives end . food was where they fell short with most items we ordered lacking in flavor . we ordered a tandoori chicken and saag paneer , both were ok at best , the garlic naan was pretty good but it 's hard to go wrong with that . being a native indian i have pretty high expectations for indian food so i can only give them 3 starts based on the food . it 's a new place so hopefully things will improve as they get established . i might try it again for the lunch buffet in a few months .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "spacious place . no poori + some common dishes are missing..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the taste is good . although its pretty expensive . and the space is quite crammed too . its one additional choice in the valley - but i doubt i would go a second time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not a big fan of buffets .and when it comes to indian , i become more specific choosing a place . however this place has been bookmarked in my list a while ago and finally we walked in on a sunday afternoon . we are 3 in count and stepping into , someone walked to us to our table . staff are prompt in cleaning and attending . coming to the food , yes ! ! they have a wide spread on buffet ( for me i felt they have huge variety of desserts ) one can find in the valley . also to mention , the food was fresh and nice in taste for a buffet quality . they can deserve a star extra for cleanliness and the interiors . if i can suggest , i would mention to add some mango lassi as summer is about to start on the counter . the day we went we found only masala chai .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have got to say their food started out as pretty good . the last meal i had was superb ! go chutney 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little gem serves amazing lamb saag and butter masala . it may take some time getting to you but it 's well worth the wait . i have yet to visit during the lunch buffet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today was my first time eating at chutney 's and it will not be my last . my husband and i went in for the buffet . the restaurant was very clean and the staff was very attentive . the food was good and had a nice spice . the buffet offered many vegetarian options . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spent newyears night here , it was magnificent ! ! if you enjoy indian food this is the place for you , the food is very good ! ! and anjani and the staff were amazing ! ! my fianc\u00e9 and i will be going back for more delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 star ! i was driving to phoenix from tucson and wanted some good indian food . i am so glad we decided to go to chutneys . my fiance got the butter chicken and it was pretty close to the authentic hyderabadi butter chicken i so missed . i got the mysore masala dosa which came with two chutneys and thick , flavorful sambhar that was almost as good as my mom 's sambhar . we shared a medu vada to start , and it was crisp and delicious as well . since i was such a fan already , i decided to take some chicken manchuria and fried rice to go for the next day . i have n't eaten indian chinese food since my trip to india the previous year , and i was so satisfied that i am willing to drive to phoenix just for dinner sometime to appease my homesickness . the wait staff was friendly , and the decor very inviting . i will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were really pleased with our dinner . we went with the vegetable korma and chicken tikka masala with garlic naan . all of it was good . the service excellent - staff are friendly , attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had their lunch buffet . i took a bit of almost everything and thought the food was quite good . they seemed to have quite a variety of meat and vegatable dishes washed down with a nice kingfisher beer . i admit that i 'm not an expert in indian food , and only know what i like . however , i have spent time in india and other parts of asia where i have had quite a few indian meals and this appears to be very similar and therefore i 'm guessing fairly authentic . the second clue is that there were a lot of indian familes there . it has a nice family feel about the place , draws larger groups of people , so all in all a pleasant experience . the service was ok , not spectacular , but for a buffet you do n't need much service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "will never go to this restaurant again ! they made us wait for the food for hour and a half and the food was disgusting . and after waiting for hour and a half did n't even comp us a soda neither did they apologize and on top of that when we told them that we are never coming back the manger was smiling . it 's ridiculous ! ! they do n't care for customer service . never again are we going there . i am giving one star so that i can post my review . they deserve no stars at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible , the chicken tikka masala was sweet , the chicken was plastic , and the cheese nun had no cheeze !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered food at 1:55 , was told it would be delivered within 35-60 minutes . it 's now been 2 hours and i still have no food . even if the food is amazing i 'll never order or go to again . yet if i do n't tip i 'm a jerk", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was recently contacted that this diner is under new management , i wanted to be fair and put 3 stars vs one so others would n't judge on previous review with past management . i look forward to visiting again with the new management and updating my review .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "messed up both my wife 's and my order ... my order twice . the food was way below par ... my roast beef sandwich was extremely dry and my `` cheese sauce '' which i was charged $ 1.60 for was actually just a single piece of american cheese melted over my fries . will never be back ! please do n't waste your time or money going here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i decided to try this place because well i have n't tried it and it 's near my office . i ordered the western omelet with home fries and wheat toast to go . i get to my office and the food is piping hot but the toast is soggy due to the steam and them wrapping in aluminum foil . i dig in to the omelet and nowhere to be found in the land of styrofoam and overcooked eggs is cheese . i thought : `` this must be a mistake '' so i called to verify and the person answered the phone and verified that the omelet does not come with cheese . like who in the heck makes omelettes without cheese ? ! the homefries were just ok . needed ketchup or some salt . i 'm disappointed because it 's too late for me to return or reorder : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we finally stopped in and we were not disappointed . i ordered the botas omelet with hashbrowns . the jalape\u00f1os were fresh ! my son ordered a bacon burger with waffle fries . the burger was hand pattied and huge , cooked perfectly . the waffle fries may be the best that either of us have ever had . the food was a little slow coming out , but i chalk that up to the fact that they were getting ready to close for the day and invited us and another larger group in anyway . the young man serving us could n't have been nicer or more attentive . i rarely review places on yelp , but i really want this place to survive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice alternative to some of the other crowded places to eat on albermarle rd . i had breakfast here twice , once was dine in and the other time was to go . the food is good , the inside can use some upgrades but once people start going here hopefully they spruce the place up a bit . they just opened up not too long ago . i will say it 's a few weeks old . give them a shot it 's not bad . it 's been a while since i left a review on this place . it 's march 28th 2017 and i stopped in for the breakfast special and it was well worth it . this place still gets good reviews from me . i posted pics of the special and what i got . give them a shot , it 's good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood spot ! good breakfast . friendly staff . great price . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by and had a cheeseburger and fries for lunch . both were very good ! hamburger was big and all beef , fries were the twice fried ones . this place seems famous for breakfast , i will return to try it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quelle d\u00e9ception lors de notre brunch ... j'ai command\u00e9 une omelette v\u00e9g\u00e9tarienne et une fois dans la bouche , horreur il y avait de la viande . quand tu es v\u00e9g\u00e9tarienne c'est un gros moment de solitude . j'en ai fait part \u00e0 la serveuse et je n'ai pas eu de r\u00e9elles excuses , juste qu'en cuisine ils n'ont pas bien lu ... au moment de la note je pensais avoir un geste , mais non . nous avons d\u00fb leur en faire pat pour qu'ils annulent mon plat . pour les plats pris par mes amis , rien d'extraordinaire . on y allait r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement et nous remarqu\u00e9 que le niveau avait bien baiss\u00e9 et le coup de la viande ne passera pas ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "je suis all\u00e9e \u00e0 labarake \u00e0 plusieurs reprises , pour le brunch et le souper . le brunch est vraiment d\u00e9licieux , mais mon copain et moi sommes ressortis et nous avions encore faim ! la tartine b\u00e9n\u00e9dictine est vraiment d\u00e9licieuse ! le burrito matin et la poutine sont bien , mais pas \u00e0 se jeter \u00e0 terre . au niveau des soupers , le tartare de saumon et les accras de morue sont plut\u00f4t ordinaires , mais on y retourne clairement pour les plats principaux ! le fish'n chip est tout simplement d\u00e9licieux ! poisson go\u00fbteux , panure l\u00e9g\u00e8re , juste parfait ! le saumon au balsamique et fromage de ch\u00e8vre se d\u00e9marque aussi . il est accompagn\u00e9 de tomb\u00e9e de verdure , de linguini et de noix : un r\u00e9gal ! le tartare de boeuf est tr\u00e8s bon aussi ! les cocktails sont aussi tr\u00e8s int\u00e9ressants et go\u00fbteux ! pour les desserts , on ne peut pas passer \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 du pana cota style tarte au citron : sublime ! ! le service est excellent \u00e0 90 % du temps et on aime le d\u00e9cor et l'ambiance anim\u00e9e sans \u00eatre \u00e9lectrique .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had our christmas party here , it 's in a nice district with ample parking . the place is very trendy and good for loud chatter type of vibe . we were limited to the group menu , which was a letdown . 3 of the 5 dishes were seafood , as well as a risotto and beef cheek . i had the fish and chips , which is supposed to come with a small beer , which i did not get . the fish was ok , but the batter was not crisp . i had to ask for ketchup and got the equivalent of half a packet . the tartar sauce was a joke , just mayonnaise with a drop of vinegar . the clafoutis for dessert was the highlight of the night . the high chairs we were seated in were impossible to move once seated , we had to ask to get pushed in . i 'm sure the experience is better once you try the full menu as well as sitting on the regular tables .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4 \u00e9toiles pour la renovation de l'ancienne caserne et la d\u00e9co : j'adore . la bouffe correcte , service attentionn\u00e9 , bcp de tables et bcp d'espace , on est pas coll\u00e9 \u00e0 personne .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bruyant et sourire absent ! nourriture bonne . ne m\u00e9rite que je prenne plus de temps pour \u00e9crire un commentaire .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , super friendly staff , good food ! my bf and i share the three seafood tartar , he had the burger and i had the mussels . i would definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrasse agr\u00e9able et ensoleill\u00e9e ! \u00e0 \u00e9viter en cas de temp\u00eate sur montreal ... . ( comme celle de dimanche 11 juin ) sinon les d\u00e9licieux mets servis seront accompagn\u00e9s de sable terre des environs ! hormis ces conditions climatiques , les propositions de brunch nous ont fait saliver et le choix a \u00e9t\u00e9 compliqu\u00e9 car tout avait l air d\u00e9licieux ! bref j ai finalement opt\u00e9 pour un naan caponata et mon conjoint pour une poutine d\u00e9jeuner ! il faudra s'attendre \u00e0 un peu d'attente ... .mais le r\u00e9sultat en vaut la peine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un restaurant super le fun pour aller manger avec un petit groupe d'ami ou de la famille ! pas trop depaysant et la bouffe est de tres bonne qualit\u00e9 ! en plus , la place est tellement belle que tes amis vont \u00eatre full impressionn\u00e9 juste en entrant ! bref essaye le cest ben bon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 \u00e9toiles et demi . tr\u00e8s belle place . belle ambiance . service ok sans plus . menu int\u00e9ressant avec 3 choix du jour ( viande , poisson , risotto ) . la poutine sophistiqu\u00e9e et efficace . le poulet style portugais tendre et go\u00fbteux . les prix sont abordables pour la complexit\u00e9 des plats . je dois y retourner pour essayer le reste !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on a essay\u00e9 le brunch et c'\u00e9tait super ! ils ont pu garantir un plat sans arachides pour ma soeur , ce qui \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 . l'atmosph\u00e8re \u00e9tait bonne , le serveur , sympathique . la poutine d\u00e9jeuner \u00e9tait plut\u00f4t grosse ( trop ? d\u00e9pend du mangeur ! ) . les oeufs b\u00e9n\u00e9dictine \u00e9taient servis sur un pain brioch\u00e9 , mais on s'est tous dits \u00e0 table qu'un muffin anglais aurait \u00e9t\u00e9 meilleur et moins sec ! la famille \u00e9tait satisfaite overall ! becs sucr\u00e9s et sal\u00e9s !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to il sogno for dinner ( mainly because of the location ) and found it be decent . it 's pretty small ... about seating for 20-30 including the patio , but the food is good.. i 'd say along the same lines as grazie up the road . the pasta is great and the calzone i had recently was a-ok . i found the waitresses a little inexperienced as they were confused about what to do when i spilled my entire drink . they also took a little while to notice what had happened which was strange considering we were the only people in there ( at about 7:30.. i think it gets busy around 8-9 ) ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a hidden gem ! il sogno offers a quaint and personal vibe . tues thurs byow no -corkage , wednesday is $ 10 pizza , and my personal favourite , friday is $ 4.50 martinis . i love this place for after work drinks with friends or a few cheap martinis before heading downtown . service was on-par . at first , our server forgot about us but when she did come by she was extremely personable and apologized for forgetting . overall , il sogno was charming . potentially my go-to neighborhood spot for good italian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pluses : the service is fantastic , their servers are seriously awesome . the drinks are great . no corkage fees tuesdays and thursdays . cozy atmosphere . the negatives : this is not italian food . seriously , the food tastes like it comes out of a package and like the preservatives that it is undoubtedly full of . as an italian woman , this is actually insulting . i have been here a few times as my friends that live in the neighbourhood hang out here regularly . i will never eat here again , i have been nothing but disappointed with the food every single time . that being said , i will be back for drinks and to hang out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my fiance and i spontaneously decided to stop by this place because we felt like having italian food . this was our first time there and we had a good time . everyone from the waitstaff to nearby customers were full of joy and spirit , which was refreshing . our waitress definitely deserves a medal for the courteous service that she provided . if i were to judge our experience purely based on the quality of service and the intimate atmosphere , it would be a no-brainer 5 star . now let 's talk about the food . i ordered a plate of fettuccine bolognese and my fiance had gnocchi alla gorgonzola . his gnocchi was chewy , flavorful , comforting and overall fun to eat , which is up to par but nothing to write home about . my meal , on the other hand , was lackluster . the sauce to pasta ratio was way off and the tomato sauce was overpowering . in summary : recommended for : people who want to watch sports at a cool italian bar not recommended for : hardcore foodies", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place - tiny , good food , byow tues & thurs with no corkage fee . the staff are great but do not expect seamless , chain-like , `` hi - my name is mindy and i 'll be your waitress '' service . if you want plastic smiles go to alice fazooli 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to il sogno and the server was drunk ( visibly drunk at 7pm ) , drinking with patrons , talking badly about the kitchen staff to patrons and overcharged me . i did n't confront her about the overcharge because at that point , she was super drunk and i did n't know what the reaction would be . i usually love the food , the servers and this restaurant in general . there is obvious infighting among the staff and it looked like last night it came to an apex . not something you want to experience when going out for dinner . at one point , patrons were behind the bar serving themselves . i wrote the owner an email about it yesterday so hopefully it can be sorted out . i hope so . it was just weird and chaotic - i have never have seen it before at a restaurant . update : heard back from owner who apologized and was away that night . will be improving things . glad to hear and i will be back in the new year to see the difference !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fab drinks and food ! great friday night spot to get the weekend started . wish there was a bit more space though but it 's not enough to keep me away from 5 $ friday night martini nights and deelish pasta !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! they have specials most weeknights and their $ 10 pizzas on wednesday 's ca n't be beat . i eat here about twice a month and have yet to be disappointed . they have a great little patio and the servers are wonderful & friendly , sometimes we pop in for a pint just to catch-up ! if you 're in the mood for some delicious , thin crust pizza try the fuoco . this place is truly one of the hidden gems of the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made a reservation for our anniversary dinner and arrived on time , seats were promptly waiting and staff were very friendly . ordered their rosario pizza and small antipasto platter , food was nicely timed , fresh and delicious ! great food and service , would absolutely recommend and return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "monday past as $ 10 and wednesday any pizza is $ 10 ! great deals . i 've been for both nights but would not pay the regular price for what i ate . i got the linguine rosa pasta with chicken and pine nuts . it was pretty good , the pasta was cooked just right and the sauce was flavourful . there could have been more chicken in the dish but for $ 10 ... ... . the pizza was great too ! nice flat , chewy crust and good toppings . i had the spicy sopressata.on the monday , we had free bread and oil vinegar to dip it in ... .the only problem was that the dispensers were disgustingly dirty . we were in at 5:30 so it 's not like they had a bus load in before us with sticky fingers molesting the bottles ... i tink they have just never been cleaned . the service on both nights was good . but better on the monday as the staff was different and the place was n't as busy ! apart from the dirty dispensers ... ..go here for your $ 10 italian fix !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very small place but absolutely great food - all pizzas are only $ 10 on wednesdays . our server ( nicole ) was terrific and took good care of us with friendly and speedy service . will certainly come back often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ... bad service ... we asked for bread and were told they did n't have enough and they were running low ... very unprofessional answer . would n't go back due to bad service . the waitress never asked us how we were doing and forgot the chicken in friends pasta.. no apologies no nothing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cute restaurant -- -an italian gem in the community . the grilled calamari is the best i have ever had ( the balsamic reduction brings it over the top ) . the mains are simple yet well executed . the service is fast and efficient and our servers have always been very friendly and outgoing . check out their website regularly as they always seem to do something fun ( such as $ 5 martini night and byow ) . it 's worth a visit ... enjoy ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoyed this cozy little restaurant . food was good and waitress was really friendly and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice , and as luck would have it , the same server has served me . this is a very small restaurant , so she can easily cover the entire floor ! she 's a very friendly and personable server . yesterday , because i was the first one in , she gave me control of the tv ! i switched it from some boring soccer to a chick flick ( i wanted to watch homeland , but unfortunately , that channel was not available ) . the linguini with chicken and portobello mushrooms in rose sauce was very good and quickly filled the spot . the previous meal i had was equally delicious . on tues and thurs , you can bring your own wine . the kitchen closes around 11:30 midnight . this is good to know for a future outing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really high quality italian food and the kind of restaurant you take your time in.bruchetta was some of the best i 've ever had . corkage is expensive at $ 15 but i could n't drop the star because 4 really would n't do the fantasticly fresh ingredients justice . the penne chorizo was great as was the service and atnosphere . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for me and my boyfriend , this is our favourite go-to restaurant in the area . food is always good . definitely get your money 's worth . penne d'amore is my favourite . reasonably priced for the area . never had bad service . cant wait to go and try the second floor when its completed . the only downfall is that they have a small , limited dessert menu . but other than that , love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot midtown , cool ambiance ! ! all i have to say is ... . the pizza is to die for . ca n't get over the tasty thin crust . wow ! great services too , friendly staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the friendly , accommodating staff to the mouthwatering pasta , this hidden midtown gem is not one to be overlooked . my boyfriend is a very picky eater and is often given a hard time when he asks for modifications to a dish - not only were his requests accepted , he could n't be more thrilled with the result ! we look forward to our next visit to il sogno .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a nice casual dinner and will definitely return ordered -tornado and another martini , they were made perfectly ! just the right amount of liquor and juice 5 5 -shrimp and mushroom linguine with oil 3.5 5 -chicken penne with rose sauce 3 5 -chocolate chip banana cake 5 5 overall the star of the show was the chocolate banana cake ! ! ! ! ! ! i 'm not a sweets fan and this was amazing . i 'll come back for sure for their boyb night , and $ 10 pizza night . this server was very nice p.s this was a nice cozy restaurant that can seat about 30-40 people , i would n't say it 's good for parties", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just wanted to deliver on my promise to our server to give this restaurant the best yelp review because she gave us a cup full of gummie bears after dinner . they use them in their cocktails and she could see my desire to pinch some from the bar . excellent pizza & pasta and the best new old fashioned in town ! great atmosphere and service with prices that do n't break the bank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casual joint serving nice italian fare in a setting that would be cozy if not for inconsistent ambiance . tries hard to be modern , mood lighting worked but loud house music did n't . food is good without being fancy , portions are reasonable , pricing is fair , and better than fair on $ 10 pasta mondays , which is when we went . pro tips : there are two pastas that do n't count for the $ 10 special ( the gnocchi and the butternut squash agnolotti ) . linguine il sogno is nice for a lighter taste , those who want heavier flavours will favour the chicken mushroom fettuccini in ros\u00e9 sauce . gluten free pasta available for a small charge . limited seating , groups should advance reserve .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "noticed most kmart 's are particularly empty as if they are slowly dying out . however , this kmart is a lot more cleaner , organized , looks a lot newer and emptier than the one on northern . i ordered a brita online and was able to pick it up at this location with ease at the customer service desk and was assisted quickly . the woman helping me was quick and friendly . no complaints here and the parking lot is spacious . i was in and out of kmart with my online order in about 10 minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while this store is unorganized and not that clean it has offered us different options to purchase christmas decorations and gifts for our girls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this kmart is bigger and much cleaner . same great deals with the shop your way rewards program . if you like shopping kmart this location is legit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't understand how customer service ca n't tell me why they do n't have the items i ordered . i gave her the confirmation number and she said she could n't even check why they do n't have it . i got the confirmation that my items were ready . i got one out of the three items i ordered . you would think they could find out what happened when giving them the order number . i drive 40 min to pick up the items . wo n't be doing that again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to better placed.. on one occasion i had to wait for 10 minutes i n line.. if you are looking for something , no nor will help you..staff are busy and some of them are still new and can not help..i did not like the area either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i usually like to order from here ... their food was always good . but tonight my husband found a clean cut finger nail in the salad as he was chewing ! ! ! ! ! ! omg ! we were so grossed out and called . the man apologized and said he would give us free salad next time ... but do you think i would ever eat the salad again ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "little house of kebob is the best decorated and cleanest self serve persian grill house i have been to ! everything so clean and in order , even the washroom is immaculately spotless ! order at the counter with the option of eating in or takeout . we decided to share 2 entrees which both comes with a choice of soup or salad . koobideh kebob ( $ 6.99 ) - cooked to order , fresh of the grill taste - mixture of grounded lamb and beef , a little gamey for my taste . the meat though is moist lamb shank ( $ 9.99 ) - surprisingly tender and well flavoured ! - rice on the side is mixed with rosemary and fava beans portion is quite decent at this price point . we left happy and fulfilled ! love how our meals are served on real plates and cutlery ! i just ca n't stand eating from styrofoam ! definitely would be back again for their stew ! fesenjan ( $ 8.99 ) and ghormeh sabzi ( $ 6.99 ) which comes with rice and soup salad , sound delicious !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great place if you want to be heckled and harassed by the patrons as you try to pick up your order . the place is poorly organized , and the patrons decide to make up their own social rules of the ordering process . in the end , i did n't get to eat here since i did n't want to give my money to a place that ca n't put order to the people that heckle other customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "make sure you know how much your bill will be , otherwise they will rip you off ... . the owners are not honest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what 's not to love ! i grew up eating this food , so i can honestly say the quality of the food is great and tastes really good ! meat is tender and seasoned well , chicken is juicy and seasoned right , rice is cooked well and not too buttery oily . owner is nice & friendly and - bonus - they cater ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice hidden gem . we ordered takeout for 2 parties recently from this restaurant . received lots of compliments and were asked where the food was from . food : large portions and tasted great . we ordered the party packages with chicken leg skewers , koobideh skewers ( lamb ) and ghaimeh . the koobideh was expecially popular . taste and texture was good . most people were indifferent about the ghaimeh . people thought it looked like meatballs but when they bit into it , it was a preserved lemon so that was surprising for them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did n't get the chance to try the food . the place was so disorganized , i could n't even put an order for a kebob and a pita . there was another person who just left waiting for his kebob tray for a long time . that 's too bad , place looks authentic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have ordered several times and the food has been consistently amazing . i suggest their ground beef kebab ( koobideh ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "original review : love their food . i always get the beef kebab with rice . been going there for over 10 years and their quality is always consistent . they 've moved a bit north now , but worth the trip . hope they open one in mississauga ! update jan 2015 : they have changed their rice ... for me , it made the taste not as good as before ... please bring back the original rice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good pricing . decent food . friendly staff . has a tv . good place to just chill out or get take out . nothing fancy so do n't expect too much . family owned and run . their soup is okay . their meat is pretty awesome . pretty good overall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best persian kebab places i 've tried ! they serve a lentil soup with the meals and it 's delicious ! the meat is very good quality and always very juicy ! our go to place whenever we are n't in the mood to cook ! best part , very reasonably priced too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place owner and staffs are so nice . the owner is originally from a city in iran ( golpayegan ) which is famous for persian kebab . i am from the same city , so i recommend their food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really delicious and any 1 portion is enough for 2 person the meal price is suitable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got take-out from here . for the first time . the prices are great for the portion you get so we were happy with that . the gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and nice . the reason i can not give this place 4 or 5 stars is because the taste is just ok . it 's not as tasty as i would expect based on the reviews , but the quantity vs. price ratio seems like a great value , so i wo n't rule it out , i 've just had a better tasting kebob elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you get a great big portion for the price you pay . it even comes with a starter - house salad or soup . the koobideh itself is quite nicely seasoned , especially since it contained alot of onions in it . the decor is nice and the service was absolutely friendly . definitely worth a trip here for kebob .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered for take out , got the vaziri with chicken breast and soltani . the dishes were quite large ; ate one saved one for later . the meat was seasoned quite well and they even give you what i assume are paprika packets for some extra flavour . overall would recommend getting the koonideh kebob as the price is fantastic for what you get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great at the little house of kebab . it is the perfect place to get some authentic persian food in richmond hill . i 've been a regular guest at the restaurant for the past year , service has always been kind , and quality of the food is consistently good . koobideh kebab , viziri , and barg are all recommended dishes . the lentil soup is also pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good price , clean , friendly . lentil soup given with most meals is superb . i do takeout at least once a week for last few years and always same quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the koobideh and chicken breast kebobs are the best i 've ever tasted ! ! perfectly marinated , juicy and tender morsels of meat . fluffy saffron rice and roast tomatoes on the side . get the family package 1 to go and you will make your party of friends very happy : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was thrilled to find a persian restaurant in my area . i used to drive all the way to north york to get my koobideh fix : ) i usually order the koobideh , and this place is pretty good . i have read complaints about the lack of `` meat '' but in my opinion - you get enough . there 's usually a heaping scoop of rice topped with meat and a side salad and a roasted tomato . i personally do n't like the balsamic dressing , so if i take out i 'll just use my own salad dressing . koobideh is $ 7.99 for the meal ( no drink ) . i think for the price it 's worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy eating here . the staff is very welcoming and the food is very tasty . they are so generous with their tadig and that will always make me come back . the cucumber yogurt is my favorite as well as the gormeh sabzi . wait time could be a little less for take out , but i guess they are completing phone in orders as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kebobs , kebobs and more kebobs . variety of kebabs and strange names , but i still like the food here . egg plant dishes are fabulous . i prefer the beef kebabs and rice sprinkled with samac . it 's pretty good for the price i pay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . the staff are friendly and for the price you pay , you get a generous tasty portion . i always get koobideh , which comes with two skewers of meat , rice and a grilled tomato . you also get a choice of soup salad.. the soup is a delicious barley soup ! the restaurant is very clean and spacious and never busy ; most people just drop in for takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy . koobideh kebob is my favorite . i always add an extra skewer to my combo . i come here all the times and food is fresh and dslcious for rrasinavle price . my only complain is they always forget the crispy rice on take outs . .. i never realized until i get home ~___~", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favourite persian food pick up in the gta . great prices , fresh food and generous portions . we 've ordered everything from the koobideh , barg , chicken leg and ghormieh sabzi . everything is always tasty , fresh and cooked perfectly . the restaurant is clean with a steady steam of people picking up food with a few people dining in . ive tried lots of persian places for pick up and this is my new go to because it encompasses everything that i expect if i were to sit down in persian restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i 'm in the mood for kebob , this is my favorite place to go . the staff are inviting , the service is good and the food is a step above the rest . my regular order is the koobideh , which is always cooked perfectly . the soup or salad that accompanies it is average , but the entree more than compensates . the dining area is clean , but i find it a little dimly lit . prices are reasonable and they sell glass bottled soda , which i like . overall , i 'd say this is one of the best kebob restaurants in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this time i go with my wife . i order the vairi kebob ( vairi might spell wrong ) which is one bbq chicken kebob and koobideh kebob ( $ 11.99 ) . the koobideh kebob is same as last time , but what i love is the chicken which is so tender . also , the chicken is fresh with the charcoal smell and taste . also , i get the iranian tea . the tea smells so good which you can smell from around 2 feet away . i drink with the iranian way ( put the sugar between my teeth and drink a sap ) and my wife said it is too sweet but i think it is just right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi never had this food before . extremely tasty lots of flavor . the lenta soup was great and the beef kabob was very good . the gents working there were very help ful . all in all a great meal . i 'll be back . cheers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kebob is tasty and tender . extremely slow service if a few people in line . the barley soup that comes with the kebob is tasteless . staff are very unorganized and have no system in place . be prepared to wait for your food for at least 45 minutes . good price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , great experience for a quick bite . the food is delicious , especially the `` koobideh kebob '' . portions are large , `` you get what you pay for . '' service is kind and friendly , and food is prepared fast . this has become my `` go-to '' place when i 'm hungry , because the atmosphere is also warm and inviting . definitely give this place a try , it has become one of my favourite restaurants in richmond hill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we finally tried this place after seeing it many times and passing by it while getting groceries . the food here was fantastic , everything was made to order , and it was the first time for us to try persian iranian food . the rice in particular was something different for us , but we loved it ! we had koobideh , barg , and the eggplant stew which i can not remember the name of . all were very tasty . will definitely be returning in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heard its a good place and tried it on wednesday . staff were a little slow but that was ok with me . we had kebab and it was okay but ghorme sabzi tasted , smelled and even looked different ( it was a different color ! very strange ) we asked them to change it to gheyme and again same thing ! ! ! we had some aash reshte as well and same thing ! i told someone behind the cash about it and she was trying to give us none sense excuses like i 've never had or cooked persian food ! ! ! ! very disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice , clean family restaurant . great for satisfying any craving you may be having for persian food . i had the koobideh kebab and it was delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in for lunch today at noon , and it was n't too busy which is good because they can focus and take the time to make your food . kabobs were amazing as always ... barley soup was fantastic ... rice , top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "generous portions for the price and everything is freshly grilled so it feels great especially now that it 's getting colder ! i got the koobideh kebab and that came with an option of soup or salad , i went with the lentil soup . everything i ordered was wonderful and flavourful , the restaurant is so clean and comfortable i 'll definitely find a chance to eat there instead of getting take out . there 's plenty of space too so i 'm sure it 'd be a good place to go even with larger groups . i 'm looking forward to trying out other items in their menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is always open and their prices are cheap . they are awesome and always clean", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing dr. kroll for the past few years now and he is definitely as good as it gets . you can tell he 's very busy and has more than one appointment at one time , but no matter how old or young you are , he is definitely able to connect with his patients . he 's very understanding , and even if you tell him that you have kept your contacts in longer than you 're suppose to , or if he knows you do n't take your contacts off every night , he 's still able to relate and knows that everyone is human . his staff is very friendly and i have never felt uncomfortable visiting for my annual eye exams . dr. kroll is definitely an optometrist i would recommend to all my friends and family and a doctor i will continue to see for years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like dr. kroll . in fact , i like all the docs at this practice as i 've had appointments with each of them over the years . the staff are also usually pretty great and patient . good selection of frames , contacts , etc . too . wait times are minimal . and i like that everything is all high-tech . no need for drops to dilate your eyes or anything . and dr. kroll is great at things beyond standard eye exams too . if you 've got a strange eye ailment , he 'll be helpful and caring . he 's thorough , knowledgable , friendly . as far as doctors go , he 's great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite simply , dr. kroll is the best eye dr. in las vegas ! i 'd give him 10 stars if it was available . his staff is courteous and knowledgeable and dr. kroll takes the time every time you visit to provide you with a thorough , comprehensive diagnosis . they have the latest in frames and lenses and i learned how to insert contacts from his staff . i will continue to go to dr. kroll for many years and highly recommend him to anyone needing a great eye dr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is fantastic in his office . they are so accommodating in times of need . i had something stuck under my eyelid , they squeezed me in that day . i had a problem with my contact ( a possible reaction ) , no questions asked , they asked me to come in . dr. kroll is also a very nice person all the way around . helpful , understanding , funny and thorough . i would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs eye care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's hard to find new dr 's . esp when you know what you want but this place and the dr. is very nice and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr kroll was very friendly and took the time to explain my exam results to me . his exam was very thorough and he caught an astigmatism in my eye that my previous eye doctor was unable to detect . the staff was also very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing dr. kroll for the past several years and he is amazing ! the amount of knowledge and passion he has for sight is refreshing . he is able to build rapport with any patient and continues to learn about vision . he even works with you . for example , they stopped taking my medical insurance . he gave me a discount for the work i do in the community and made sure i had what i needed to take care of my vision . i would highly recommend him to anyone who wants the best eye care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knowledgeable in his field , and very patient with patients . i have recommended dr kroll to my friends and family members , all of which had the same positive responses ! the staff are very courteous and are very happy , which leaves an awesome impression when arriving or leaving from an appointment . there 's also a good selection of name brand frames , if you 're looking for something special to wear . also a vast selection of contact lenses with staff that can help you make choices and recommendations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr. kroll for a very long time and will continue . the office staff is friendly , efficient , and helpful . my wait time was about 15 minutes . dr. kroll treats you as if you 've been friends forever . he is very thorough and takes time to explain your `` eye health '' to you . when choosing my frames , the staff is great . this time , emily helped me . she was wonderful , she let me know the price range of the frame shelves which i appreciated , helped me select frames with honest feedback , she let me know what my insurance would cover and what my out of pocket would be . she also knew when i just needed time to try on frames and be left alone . definitely deserving 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr kroll has been in vegas for years and he truly cares about his patients . he is very friendly and runs on time . a place you can come and feel comfortable with his diagnosis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen doctor kroll for over 40 years . he has always been knowledgeable , professional , and efficient . his office staff is always amazing . i highly recommend his office for all eye care needs , i trust dr. kroll with my vision .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this office for the first time . all the staff were totally amazing - professional , friendly , knowledgeable - actually how staff in any office should be but not always are ! ! ! dr. kroll himself was extremely easy to talk to , explained everything that was going on with my old eyes , and what to expect down the road . his examination was very thorough . i left the office knowing that my sight issues were in good hands . thank you staff and dr ; and thanks to jimmi mckee and sherryl baca for your referral of dr. kroll to me . i feel blessed again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kroll is great . his entire staff in very knowledgeable and friendly . great eye doctor ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kroll is great . wonderful staff and service . could n't be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a new love affair in the making . always consistent italian food . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wo n't get into all the details how we ended up finding this place and how we were craving an italian hot table for lunch . let me tell you this was the worst italian hot table food that i have ever eaten . i had the bow tie penne ala vodka which had absolutely no flavour , hardly any sauce . honestly i ate it because i was hungry but did not enjoy any of it . the food did not remember italian or any or ethnicity . does the person who made this even know how to cook ? do n't let me get started on my husbands panini which was equally as bad . do n't you take pride in serving good food ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for lunch as i was craving a veal sandwich near my workplace . the veal melted in my mouth it was so tender and not chewy like i 've experienced at other places . the tomato sauce the used was to die for good . service was good , friendly , and efficient . while there o noticed they had a great tavola calda selection . will definitely go back to try for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to do taekwondo as a child with this business and i decided to step inside and check it out again . i do n't think that i would reapply at my age , because it just struck me as juvenile . the funny thing about this place is that there used to be a teacher ( and i believe that he was one of the founders of the organization ) here named mr. baxter and i recently spotted him in a spoof on taekwondo called the fist foot way filmed in concord . wow , that was pretty shocking , overall it made me pretty jaded about taekwondo and i really ca n't take it seriously anymore . i would recommend this place for kids though , because it teaches good values of discipline and respect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this has been a great experience for my kids . sean and his staff are amazing . ca n't say enough about his teaching and ability to relate to younger kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend these guys , the place is super clean very professional service is magnificent customer attention is definitely an asset , but most important you know you are dealing with honest guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great people ! always accommodating with schedules , let you know what the deal is up front and never up sells you . stellar customer services and skills . we will always take our cars there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new go-to garage . caa-approved . vast technical expertise , professionalism , courtesy , and most of all , honesty . you know a garage is honest when they cancel parts changes you 've already approved because they were able to salvage the existing part , saving you money . i suggest calling first - they are very busy ; so if you have a big job , you might need to leave the car with them overnight . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "publix has made its ' way into north carolina , and after protesting while it was new , i finally caved and went for the first time a couple of weeks ago . on a weekday , mid afternoon the store is pretty empty . but on the weekend watch out ! there are just people every where . and i 'm pretty sure employees are at a 1:1 ratio to customers because i was asked if i was finding everything ok on every isle . it gets kind of old actually . they do n't ask if you want your groceries to be taken out , they just take it out . sometimes i just think the baggers need a break from being so nice . their store is very nice . it 's easy to navigate , and everything is super fresh . all of the cakes and deli foods are made fresh at the store . you can really taste the difference . it 's a nice place to shop , but i do think you get what you pay for . definitely not a discount store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never thought i 'd write a review on a grocery store but i was so impressed with the customers service , cleanliness , organization , prices , produce , meat selection , and was not busy at all . the best check out experience at any retail place . they unloaded my food onto the conveyor belt , bagged it , then the bagger asked if i needed him to bring my cart out and load my grocery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't normally give reviews for grocery stores- but this deserves one ! i moved to charlotte from pa not too long ago so this was a new place for me to visit , and boy i 'm glad i stopped ! i pass 3 other grocery stores ( if not more ) just to go to publix . the store is so neat , the employees are super friendly and helpful , the bakery is better than the local shops i 've been to in clt , and the produce is top notch ! did i mention the store is so neat & clean ? i do n't mind paying a little more for groceries there - it 's worth it . not to mention no silly reward card things to have on your key chain . if you do a 2 3.00 deal and only buy 1 you get it at $ 1.50- not the full price . way to go publix you 've impressed me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to south charlotte from out of state recently and after `` shopping '' around for a grocery store , publix is the winner . love everything about this grocery store from the way all the employees are so friendly , they give you coupons for free items if you let them take your groceries to your car , great selection of ready made food ( sandwiches , salads , chicken , pastas , chinese , etc ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "publix is roaring into charlotte , and it 's about time . i am so happy that they crossed over that state line and moved closer to my house . it 's a store that has such a great , open feeling to it with friendly people everywhere you turn . everything was on sale and even without the sale i know the same competitive prices , the same fresh produce , meat , fish and anything else you can imagine will be there every day . thank you publix and i 'm sure i 'll be seeing a lot of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is always clean , inviting and impeccably stocked . employees do go above and beyond and are always willing to stop whatever they 're doing to make your experience pleasant . i love how the kiddos always get fresh baked cookies ( i always nudge my wee one to `` pass '' on the free cookies at the other place since they sit in a box out front and who knows how long they sit there ? ? ? ) anyhow , i 've rarely had an encounter at publix that has been anything other than lovely . i 'm a fan for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place to shop . not a giant selection of groceries , but good enough . chicken tender sandwich is banging !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good store . i like publix . very comparable to ht but prices are better . employees are friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , exceptional grocery store . let me see1-10 scale customer service 10 full service deli : 10 full service bakery : 10 meat service : 10 seafood service : 10 weekend demos of food and wine samples : 10 cleanliness : 10 restrooms:10 prices : 6 everything but price is fantastic here . ht is a little less expensive on many items . come here for a few items , but do n't do all of my grocery shopping here because of my budget .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's something about this lettieri location that makes my heart pound , in a stressed out way . perhaps because it is on a highly trafficked corner or maybe it 's the coffee , but the popularity of this joint has people crammed in there like confused sardines . the coffee ai n't bad . but i do n't think i 'll ever go again , not even for a take-out cup . it 's that hectic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like lynda , have walked passed this place hundreds of times before i finally set foot inside , and i 'm glad i did . it was cold and i was waiting for the streetcar so i decided to grab a coffee . went inside and everything about the place is very inviting and the staff are great as well . the one thing that made me really like this place thought is their `` flavoured '' espresso drinks . they usually just serve straight up espresso drinks , but i think they had a special white chocolate mocha which i thought i 'd give a go . usually places like starbucks or second cup kill the taste of the coffee with the mound of flavoured syrup they put in but at lettieri , it was the perfect blend . i had the taste of a great mocha along with a hint of white chocolate . the foam was also decorated which was a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's nothing really comfortable about lettieri 's . i only come here if i happen to bump into someone i do n't know really well and need to take refuge in a clean , unobtrusive , character-less place for a chat . for that , lettieri 's serves its purpose . their teas are okay , and the staff is friendly , but the layout is too metallic , shiny and straight for solitary hangout purposes . i 've never had a craving to go there myself , given all the homier caf\u00e9s west of spadina .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little cafe in the middle of queen street ! i met a friend who just moved into the area for breakfast at lettieri on queen street . i had a breakfast bagle , lemonade and i was a little hungry so i also got a chocolate croissant ... lol . the breakfast bagle was pre-made but you can tell it was fresh . the toast the sandwiches before serving . the breakfast bagle is a scrambled egg with cheese and tomato . the chocolate croissant was great ... .but then again when is a chocolate croissant bad ! the lemonade was a bit weird . it was like having a lemonade pop or cola . i returned it and they re-made it for me using water instead of carbonated water which was much better . i think they should always serve it this way . the service was typical . not overly friendly but not rude either . it 's a little like a factory because they are so busy . although you pay at the counter the woman brought my bagle to my table which is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omfg i have found the equivalent of hot liquid green tea ice cream ! the pistachio matcha noce latte was great and the perfect appetizer for the sushi dinner i was going to have later . as yummy as my latte was , it cost more than $ 5 for a small ! as i sat down and waited for my friend i felt sort of anxious ... there is nothing inviting , charming or warm about the atmosphere . i wish they would slap some paint in there or add some sofa chairs or something ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's a lot of potential here given the ideal location , but other than the basic brew all the drinks at lettieri are overpriced and there 's no ambiance whatsoever - dark , and the seating is n't particularly comfortable . it can also get pretty cold in the winter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i spent about 3 hours hanging out in lettieri and it really was n't anything to write home about . they have pretty limited seating and the service was n't great . the washrooms were dirty and dingy and only one of the stalls was useable . the prices were similar to those at any local starbucks and if i 'm being perfectly honest , after my experience here , i 'll just stick to the 'bucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "closed liked to stop by here as i awaited the missus finish up at work . the coffee was ok , never tried the food ( i did once buy a banana , but that 's more of a dole fruit review ) but the beauty was the free wifi and the ample seating - well , ample as in the few seats they had were generally unoccupied . went to grab a coffee monday but the doors were locked . i peeked in , did n't see any signs so just figured they close on mondays . but i drove by tuesday and saw the windows lined with `` closed for business '' type of paper . not cheap newspapers but that good , brown kraft paper . so maybe renovating ? we 'll see ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lettieri is pretty centrally located on the south east corner of spadina and queen street west . in all the times i 've been passed by this intersection , i have never been inside lettieri . lettieri is a franchise sandwich and drinks shop . i like to think of it as a smaller version of starbucks of sandwiches . it 's kinda the hip cool vibe going on . oh i 'm sorry , they do n't sell sandwiches , they sell panini 's ! all their panini 's are pre-made and stored in a refrigerated glass display . they have quite a few options , but it ai n't no harveys or subway , and it 's not custom made fresh to order . other than panini 's they also have smoothies and juices . there was quite a long lineup for the smothies , so i 'm assuming they must be somewhat good . seating is pretty basic , food court set up : you buy your food and then find a seat and eat . all and all , a good place to get a quick to go meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was invited to a friends sons birthday party at the pool . i never knew this little oasis in the desert existed and i 'm glad i now know . there is an area wher the water is shallow where you can walk in and the kids slide is located that gradually turns to deeper water . a small swim away turns into the lap area where the water is 5 ft and up to around 7ft . there is also a water slide for older kids and adults . there is about 5 lifeguards on staff who are watching all the areas and keeping the rules in place . it is $ 3 dollars for adults and $ 2 for kids . they are open tuesday - sunday but i 'm not sure on the hours . a great place to cool off for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took kids here to swim for summer vacation , the little lifeguards acts like they are freakin guarding the president ( the pool ) , they need to go to class and learn how to interact with the public . my family decided as a whole to never go back and give our money to another business where peoples are appreciate and not holler at like we are mindless blobs . customers service training needed here badly , before one of them get popped in the whistle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great bar if you have kids ... . i know that sounds weird but listen . they have a beach and tiki bar in the rear with cornhole , beer pong , ping pong , horseshoes etc ... . they have a stage out there for live music . big portions of food for not alot of cash . becoming a friday night tradition", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place when they have it all together . some times the service is great sometimes not so much . sometimes the food is good sometimes its great . but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles . go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is not bad , good food it seems to be run by a young crowd which is nice . i have been there numerous times with out of town visitors an everytime is a good time heck on my last visit i was given two pint glasses . the grown up grilled cheese is a great sandwich as well as the rest of the menu it 's got the perfect mix of pub food and good food with a good friendly atmosphere my only suggestion is go for lunch or an early dinner especially in the summer months . downfall the guinness is a bit pricey and i can put them down so i try to avoid the pints when i go so i do n't break the bank .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mchale 's has the promise of being a fantastic pub and a neighborhood favorite . i have only been there once , so i ca n't say that it will forever be a 3 star place , but that is what it was this one time ! i had their most famous dish , the fish & chips , and the serving was quite generous . the fish was pretty good , however , the fries were decent at best . my mom 's veggie quesadilla did not come with the mushrooms advertised on the menu , but my dad really enjoyed his burger . they had sweetwater and other local craft brews on tap , so they have my respect for that ! all in all , it was n't worth the ~20 minute drive down to fort mill , but i can see locals enjoying this place , especially in the spring or summertime ( nice patio ! ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to live not too far from here and definitely miss it ! i 'll start off by saying i 'm not a beer drinker but this place was able to introduce me to a beer i now love , props for that . the food is always good . i had a friend come in from out of town and told her we had to go for their awesome guinness chili nachos . she was in love and i remained in love , they 're my favorite nachos i 've ever had anywhere on this planet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "darts yeah . do n't forget to join the beer club . so many different beers to try and they get new ones on a regular basis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a miserable experience at mchale 's in september 2012 , we thought we 've never go back . well , we did go back . we had an old groupon that was going to expire and decided to give mchale 's another try . what a difference ! ironically , we sat that the exact same table , and also ironically we ended up going on another friday night . but this time there was a total turnaround on all fronts . the waitress was attentive and timely throughout our whole meal , and the food was much much better . we ordered different items on the menu from last time , and they did n't disappoint at all . it was like a totally different restaurant , and one that we would go to again . i 've bumped up the rating from 1 star to 3 stars - i 'm leery to give it a higher rating since i do n't know whether the first experience or the second experience was the `` out of the norm '' version of the place . if we end up going again , i 'll update again as well !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good bar foot and a good beer selection . join the beer club and when you get to fifty you get a personalized mug and 20oz of craft beer for the price of a pint . bands on the weekend without a cover charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service started out well , but then went down hill from there . we placed our drink order and an order for my daughter 's meal . we received the drinks , but our daughter 's order never went in which we found our an hour later when we received our food . this was n't completely the servers fault , it seems the kitchen was over whelmed . however , the server was checking in with the table , so we could have rectified this earlier if he had checked . we got appetizers ( spinach artichoke , bacon cheese fries , and buffalo chick tenders ) . the food took a long time to come out and were luke warm when served . overall , the food was just ok . i have n't given up , but i was disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great irish pub complete with pool table , darts , pinball , horse shoes , outdoor bar , outdoor deck , inside booths . the best pub grub in fort mill area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what 's not to love about marshalls ? even when you do n't need anything , you find something ! i read in a magazine that french women go to the store with a purpose and a plan , and that american women shop spontaneously ... well that 's because french women probably have smaller closets ? ! nonetheless , it is partly true because i come here just to `` look '' and walk out with a bag , even if it 's a spatula !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this one has good stock , but it 's a bit messy . i 've been a few times and it just has stuff on the floor at the end of the night . they overstock the shelves which makes it hard to even browse womens clothing , but it may payoff with finding a nice treasure . the accessories , purses and shoes , are particularly noteworthy . lots more designer purses at great prices . i find more housewares type items about equal in all the marshalls . customer service is just okay here . they seem understaffed at times since it seems there is always a wait at the register with only one or two ( somehow often slow ) people checking people out . good stuff , but someplace where you need time and patience for the deal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sigh . dear marshalls , i 'm so happy to have you in my life because without you we would all be paying for overpriced brand name items and having to pick which items we like best because we cant afford all of them . at marshalls you can afford all these overpriced `` in style '' items at discounted prices . hi . just hi . why would you go anywhere else ? i walk out of here with multiple things everytime i shop here . it has become a frequent lunch stop for me being that its right by work . see you soon marshalls !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large and well-stocked and yet i ca n't say i 'm a huge fan of this marshall 's . on the few times i 've visited , the shopping experience is hit or miss . i have yet to find anything i actually want to purchase here , but like most marshall 's location their selection is eclectic and relatively inexpensive , carrying some of the higher end brands compared to their competitors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here to find a summer dress and left with several dresses , household decorations , shoes and lotion . i think they might have some sort of `` foreign work experience program '' in effect because it seemed that all the employees had different accents ! employees were all pleasant and looked like they enjoyed working there . the customers though , we 're a different story.because the racks are packs and close together , patrons bump into each other . i do n't know about then , but i was taught to say `` excuse me '' if i bumped into someone ... sheeeeesh rude !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular . new merchandise every week . always something to find ! love the hunt and the employees are really nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! this one stocks up new items regularly and the staff is always so friendly ! clean , easy to shop , very well kept . always finding designer brands at great prices ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite marshalls , they definitely have the best selection when it comes to shoes . i 'm not sure about the clothes , but i 'm guessing they get a stylish more expensive selection since it 's in a affluent area . if i need a good pair of dress shoes this location is the first one that comes to mind , but too bad i live on the other side of town . i do n't know if it 's worth the trip but if i 'm in the area , i try to stop by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is great . had a lot if stuff you could n't find at other marshall 's , kinda annoying though that you have to ask the front to remove the sensor in order to bring it back to the fitting room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "marshalls was a little pricey and the big and tall section lacking . i 'm used to gordmans where they have a huge big and tall section and carry lots of 2 and 3 4 5 xxx sizes . the ladies department has a better selection than the men 's but is n't that everywhere lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great for deals always packed but you seem to get out fairly quickly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great stuffs and clean place , but only one rude cashier zena . i was really humiliated by her because of asking double bag . she said , `` only one bag for one customer , why do you need double bag ? '' she squeezed all my purchase goods into the one small bag . definitely , it was tear right away because my purchase goods are several clothes and two books . that 's why i asked double bag one more time , but she was angry and fussy manner to me again . my wife and my little two kids had hard time too . my 2 years old daughter could n't stop crying for 15 mins because of her attitude . it was horrible experience ever at marshalls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is where i shop alot of the time for knockoff pricing . found some nice skirts and pants for alot less . would recommend to all single moms shopping on a budget . great prices for kids cloths too . the place could be a little more organized and clean . otherwise thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love shopping at marshals , they have very good prices , and decent selection of clothes . sometimes they are out of sizes but it is okay , i still go there often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought a pair of black dress paints . i wore them to work twice ! they stretched so much that i did n't have to unbutton them to pull them off . so i took them back . unfortunately all i had still was the tags and the store bag . marshalls manager ( male ) refused to refund me or give me store credit ! said i needed the recipe or show him card statement to prove when i bought them ! i told him `` that would just show i bought something in your store not necessarily these pants '' he said it did n't matter . i walked out of the store leaving the pants on the counter totally irritated i will stick with ross", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jessie provided exceptional customer service and made my stay an extra special one ! strongly recommend , highly suggest everyone come to marshalls and see jessie l and her team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the store to frequent if you 're a marshalls regular . location , location , location . you wo n't find items strewn about like at some marshall 's who shall remain nameless . i 've not been too excited about the selection recently but there are still great buys to be found , try the designer selection handbags or clearance lingerie ! they seem to have more clearance items in multiple departments recently also . if you wear a size 11 shoe womens or higher , marshalls is one of the few places i 've seen thsese sizes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice store with more variety and worth stopping in , if you 're on this side of town . we do n't live close , so if we 're in the area , we make it a point to stop here . i noticed that the handbag selection is a little bit better than the other locations . the shoe department is a tad bigger . there are more shoppers here ( weekends ) and the tiny walkways do n't help as the carts are going through- so if you want to avoid the crowds , get there early . sometimes you will find a great deal here . it 's worth stopping by and looking at what they have . you never know .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been shopping here for years and i bought a shampoo and a conditioner ... when i opened it at home it smelled horrible so i went to return it and they told me that they do n't take returns on beauty products because they are not able to resell it . i have bought beauty products here before and i was able to return them . i 'm definitely not going back . horrible customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like this store more than others . maybe because i got a bunch of goodies ! ! ! ! it 's definitely a busy store . lots of people shopping and milling out but it was n't too messy when i went . i do wish they had more gourmet foods selection . that one of the things i always look for here . staff was friendly and prices were spot on . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good , convenient , clean store with a nice selection and mostly friendly staff . no long lines . steer clear of one of the managers ( rose ) . she has a poor attitude and is unpleasant to deal with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of their better stores with nicer pieces . nice price range on a pretty good selection . checkout lines can be long but move quickly . i am there at least one day per week to check out their new items . if you see something you like , get it or it will be gone when you return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always have stuff in there for way cheaper than you could get it somewhere else ! ! ! ! a little cluttered sometimes but worth the hunt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been a big marshall 's fan until my boss ' wife kept coming in with cute purses . i asked her where and she said marshall 's . i was on the hunt for this one nicole lee handbag ... unfortunately i was unable to find it . luckily for me , my boss ' wife ended up seeing it again at a different marshall 's . i ended up getting the bag for 40 bucks ! they have a lot of cute purses and shoes . i did n't pay attention to the clothes , but you might have to do a bit of digging in order to find what you are looking for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ever since i started earning my own $ $ $ , cheap , high quality clothes has been on my new search list -- and marshalls has made the cut ! ! clothes do range in price depending on the brand , but most stay under a budget of $ 20 ! summerlin marshalls is actually my favorite out of all the ones in town . they offer the best and cutest and most updated products ! plus , they do n't sell just clothes either -- shoes , perfume , luggage , bags..even candy ! ! they have a wide variety of items , you just have to keep both eyes open ; ) also , marshalls does have a rewards and a credit card program . the only issue i have with shopping here is that it can get really unorganized and confusing i love marshalls so much , all of their clothes are basically in my closet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good thai food in the etobicoke area . would definitely recommend the chili fish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say i am very critical of restaurants and their customer service . this is a great place to order from . the chef that the have now is great . i had a problem once with the food and the owners call me back and wanted to make the situation better by being very generous and b giving my next order on the house . they really did n't need to do this as only one item was the issue . i order from here weekly and give two thumbs up to the young entrepreneurs . the delivery person is very polite and courteous . mangosteen 's management and delivery driver always remember my name and always get my order right . they say delivery will be 40 mins but i have never waited more than 30 mins . food is always hot and fresh best thai in the gta . kristy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were referred here from a friend and i thank them everytime i go . i love the dentist , yeah i know , but when you can take your wife here and she loves the dentist too ... you know it is good . good staff , great dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has taken me a while to find a good dentist in this city and now i must say i have found the best dental office in phoenix ( . ) dr. ortale and his staff are very friendly and outgoing . they are honest and straight forward , plus dr. ortale does wonderful work your smile will look better than ever , not to mention all the good music he plays in the clinic ... not your boring elevator music that 's for sure . my wife and son also loves the office who just started up as new patients . life long loyal patient : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to dr. ortale for about three or four appointments for various procedures in the last few months . dr. ortale is very pushy with what he suggests you get done . i had an appointment to seal a crown and he tried to do four additional fillings in the same appointment that i had not approved . when i did return to get the four fillings competed , he proceeded to do an extra one without asking me or informing me of the addition charge . he has two , sometimes three , patients seated in his office at the same time . he has to bounce back and forth between patients while you are there and that often leads to long appointments with lots of waiting . i think his work seems to be of reasonable skill level . i have had a few problems with his work , but nothing that was too threatening . however , i do not appreciate his lack of empathy for his customers ' time and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff was rude yet helpful however the doctor although very skilled technically was so rude and avoided eye contact at all times as if he had something to hide . we went there for an emergency extraction but the doctor convinced us to do a root canal and after charging us lots of money he said the tooth may only last for one more year . that 's pretty disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr ortale is great with my son who is physically and mentally disabled . he treats him with respect and has won him over . my son does not like to lay back and have water sprayed in his mouth let alone have someone mess with cleaning his teeth . dr ortale is patient and reassuring so my son lets him clean his teeth . would n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ortale 's office is well run with a friendly and knowledgeable staff that greets patients by name and with a smile as they walk through the door . early appointment ? pour yourself a fresh cup of joe upon entering the waiting area , but make it quick because this office is efficient and punctual ! dr. ortale is a dentist who goes above and beyond to be sure his patients receive his focused care and attention to their needs . he is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible . whether he is treating me or my small children , he demonstrates regard for each person 's comfort and he has surrounded himself with hygienists that reflect the same level of care and professionalism . north point dentistry is dental care for the entire family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spent 3 or 4 years avoiding the dentist . finally was forced to visit , and i 'm glad i did . dr. ortale is a highly skilled dentist who knows his stuff . his chairside manner is great , and his staff is out of this world . my smile and teeth have never looked this great ! just what i needed to look great for my wedding ! i really appreciate that he 's interested in building a long term relationship and strategy for my oral health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ortale dds plc is great ! the office staff is so professional , always had the answers to all my questions . always made sure i was comfortable and at ease ! i will not hesitate next time , if any other procedures are needed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ortale and his staff have provided a great experience every time i or my wife have been in . they are super helpful over the phone and always give me reminders when an appointment is coming up . i feel like dr. ortale genuinely cares about my health and is not just trying to make money . he is never been pushy or tried to sell me on something i did n't need . he is happy when i have zero problems . i can only hope to find as good of a dentist after our next move . i highly recommend this practice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was with my sister on mill ave looking for some food to eat . we thought greek would be awesome but then we saw crave was gone and my brg fat greek burned down . so we came across medfresh and decided to give it a go . we both ordered gyros with lamb and beef and some hummus . first of all , the hummus had a strange aftertaste , i decribed it as if there was whiskey or some sort of alcohol in it . it was tolerable to eat but i would n't order it again . then our gyros came out and i did n't like the flavors that came with it . it had too much stuff in it like pickles , lettuce , onions , not sure what i normally have in a gyro but it just did n't taste right . so we left and my plate had half a gyro and a lot of stale fries that i could n't eat . the staff was very nice and attentive but the food quality will cause me to never return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "three hungry girls sick of eating the same old crap , we decided to check this place out since we were nearby . all three of us lived in turkey at one point in our lives so we have all had good turkish food . anyway , we got the yogurt drink which was delicious . two of us got the beef doner plate and one got the chicken doner plate . i think we got the left over scraps because we went late so chicken was dry and the beef was greasy . the salad had a spicy dressing which didnt mesh well . the hummus had little flavor . we expected better pita , but they used the usual arabic pita . i hate that pita . i was hungry but i could finish my plate , it just was n't good . the older gentleman who served us ( i think he was the owner ) was very polite and personable . i just wish i could have liked his restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "looooove this place ! went here for the first time a few days ago and ordered the lamb kabob pita - addicting . the wait was a little long , which was annoying because i was starving , but when i had that first bite ... oh my ! worth every minute of a wait . the tsaziki sauce is served as a side so the sandwich is n't messy . the lamb is cooked exactly the way lamb should be cooked - not too chewy , not burnt , not raw - seasoned , soft and delicious . my co-worker ordered the iskandar plate , which she raved about as well . it 's located on mill avenue but it 's tricky to find - you have to park and then walk into a small plaza , then make your way to the back until you see it tucked in the left-hand corner . go here and enjoy real mediterranean food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the presentation of this small restaurant is n't much . the tables and chairs are uncomfortable and are more indicative of a fast food joint . that 's about all that 's mediocre about this place though . the sandwich combo i got was tasty . i got a turkish tea that was a unique , pleasant experience . they have free refills ! i finished my meal and people watched on the patio as i enjoyed my turkish tea . it reminded me of drinking pilsners in prague last summer . i 'd give this place of try if you live in the area and have never been . i would n't go out of my way just for the food if you 're out of town , however .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love mediterranean food , obviously , for the taste , and also for how guilt-free i feel when eating it because of how healthy and protein-packed it is for a vegetarian like me . i went to medfresh turkish grill on mill avenue , a place i like for its awesomely filling vegetarian combo ( $ 8.95 ) . the large plate came with pita bread , hummus , baba ghanouj , tabouleh , dolmas and a greek salad with homemade greek dressing i would gladly replace my favorite ranch with any day . go there for the food , not the atmosphere , since it 's a fast casual , order-at-the-counter type place . it 's great for people-watching along mill , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loveeee the food here ! i recommend the chicken wrap . if i could rate just the food i would give med fresh 5 stars . if you 're lookin ' for some yummy food at a decent price and do n't care so much about the appearance i would say med fresh is for you . as you may have noticed i tend to rate bathrooms ... .if a business has a cruddy bathroom it can really bring the rating down a star or two ... i do n't know about you , but when you use a dirty bathroom in an okay restaurant , it makes you wonder what their kitchen looks like . as for med fresh ... .they share bathrooms with other nearby businesses . i was n't a fan . you had to borrow a key that is on a wooden rod form the front . i was grossed out by the idea of other people holding onto that key after using the restroom . yuck", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is wonderfull ! ! i eat there at least once a week ... the food is flavorfull and delightfull ... i have spread the word about med fresh and my friends agree its wonderfull ! they never use a microwave and prepare everything in fron of you . this place is n't fast food so do n't compare it to mcdonalds , it gets the job done and i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my neighbor is arabic and i am mexican . by suggestion my neighbor invited me to try med fresh grill . i have never had any turkish arabic food before , so i said okay . i was very pleasantly surprised . first of all , it is my belief that if the staff is speaking the native language of the restaurant you 're in . good sign . ha ha . i loved my experience there . the place was very clean and quaint . the food was presented in a colorful manner and it was simply delicious . the adana and grilled chicken was tender and flavorful . the salad was crisp and tasty . the rice was a welcome and tasty surprise . dunking the pita bread into the hummus ( garlic spread ) with the meat was sooooo good . i really like it . plain and simple . i will eat there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had never had turkish food before we went to med fresh . it was really good . we have been back twice since ! i really love the salad and they have great falafels and hummus . the lentil soup is also super good . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , the chicken was too burned and they charged me $ 1.99 for grilling the tomatoes and onions but did n't tell me . when i objected they just said , `` oh well . '' not for me . there are too many other good med places in tempe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i often have a self debate on which cuisine i would chose if i could only have one for the rest of my life . it 's an epic battle between middle eastern and mexican , but a coaled fired pizza is a close contender . so , when i was downtown i was stoked to see some turkish cuisine . i went for the chicken kabab , which is one of their specialties . it was served with basmati rice sans my beloved vermicelli , hummus , salad and pita . there were two skewers of tender , juicy , nicely marinated breast meat . if it came with some toum , i would have been on cloud 9 . another specialty is the doner , the turkish version of a gyro , where they slice the meat off the spicket in front of you . i 'd come back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend recommended med fresh 's falafel , so i thought i 'd give them a try . it was so yummy ! usually you get big falafel balls , so each bite is either all falafel or no falafel . med fresh spreads theirs out so there 's an even falafel distribution . this is very important . ( is there a yelp award for using the word `` falafel '' the most times in one review ? ) i went there for lunch to escape the office . some people feel awkward eating alone , but almost everyone there was enjoying lunch solo . the guy at the register talked me into a strawberry-banana smoothie , which was sweet and tasted fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple times now . i ca n't say that i have seen problems with service either time i was here . the atmosphere in here is nice enough . the workers were all smiles , and moved very quickly to get the orders out . it was busy , but i was still able to find a seat and eat my lunch . the problem that i had was with the food itself . it was n't bad , it was just ... bland ? i ordered the gyro plate , and it wasnt as good as i had hoped . i have been to other mediterranean restaurants , and the food seemed to have more flavor to it . the pita was fine - but the gyro meat was not very seasoned , and the rice was rather plain . maybe i will go back in a few weeks and give it another shot , just to see if things were off when i went these last few times . it would be good to have tasty gyros near where i work .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got a combo plate , and i thought the food was fresh , flavorful , and fulfilling . : ) i mean , i definitely thought some meats were better than others , but it 's a personal preference . the chicken was juicy and well-cooked . i do n't think this place deserves those bad reviews , but check it out for yourself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after traveling to 40 different states , and eating in countless turkish , greek , mid eastern and mediterranean restaurants , only one place had the best baklava in the us . and none came even close . it was med fresh grill . baklava was just amazing . to die for . crispy on the top moist and sweet at the bottom with generous portions of pistachio in the middle . even only for the baklava they deserve to be the best . the kebabs are excellent as well , get the mixed kebab plate . amazing garlic sauce , amazing meat . i just loved this place , and wished to live in phoenix just to eat baklava anytime i want from med fresh grill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a smallish owner-run place on mill ave. in tempe . we were warmly greeted when we walked in -- there were very few other customers , although i have no idea why because everything was delicious and freshly made . i had the chicken kebob plate , which came with a side salad and various dipping sauces . all tasty and well made . we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! the food is plentiful and always fresh . i always walk away stuffed with leftovers . the decor inside is very nice . the staff is friendly and provides quick service . love med fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm happy to have found great mediterranean food ! had the mixed plate so i was able to try the beef and chicken , both delicious . service was fast and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are plenty of places on mill ave. to get mediterranean food , and this small restaurant is one i frequent regularly . i mostly get my food to go because the atmosphere is n't all that inviting , and as others have stated , the chairs are uncomfortable . their hummus and rice are both excellent , and i 'm a big fan of their doner kebab meal . munchie 's has a tastier gyro combo , but med fresh grill has tastier meals . the rice and the side salad really add to the fullness factor , as i always feel like i 've eaten too much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place kind of sucks . taste super cheap and bland . but they try to make it look nice . way too pricey . and the what i assume is the owner is pretty unfriendly .. go to munchies two blocks down the street ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just picked up an order from here , the beef kebab and the beef gyro plate . $ 26.00 for skimpy portions , and no pita bread . needless to say i live too far away to go back . very disappointed . food is nothing above average either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is some of the best middle eastern turkish food in the valley . i would go here more often if the prices were n't so high . $ 16 for a lunch is more than i care to spend everyday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went there recently . we are both from the mediterranean and absolutely love food . i had the lamb kabob and i loved it . the meat was juicy and tender , perfectly seasoned . their rice is everything but blend . first bite into it and all the spices hit you at once , definitely worth it . i was a little disappointed in the baba ganoush dish as i expected it to be more like the aydari . my husband totally loved the shawarma , chicken combo and the garlic spread . though a little bit on the pricey side , it 's worth trying it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was just passing through town to get something to eat and i came upon this restaurant . the service is great . ali and salda run the whole show and are warm people . the food is delicious and plentiful . i had the mixed grille and found everything to be really tasty . compliments to the chef and staff . for a college town , this cuisine adds great diversity to the spread of choices . thanks very much ! good choices and prices for a substantial meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite what i have said , the food is soo good here . i have not eaten here since moving from downtown tempe , so like 5 years . i think it is better than before . haha . one note , eating here in the evening is european style . either get it to go or sit , get served and get charged a 15 % service charge , so no need to tip ! ! ! ! the waitress did not deserve this tip of $ 5.90 for her service , she sucked ! ! ! ! ! did know know what she was doing , had no clue on the food and called the wine , red or pink wine ! ! wtf ? ? ? i should have complained but i did not have time . i know better places that do n't charge a god damned service charge ! ! ! ! stupid add-on to pay for waitress .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "too expensive . considering the price of the food the portions are small . i got a chicken kabab plate and there was barely a tablespoon of hummus . the dolmas were good but the quality of the rest of the food we ordered was n't very good . haji baba on apache or the greek pita at tempe marketplace are better options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first impression absolutely fantastic customer service . my friend and i came here for dinner . she wanted a salad and i wanted lamb shish kabobs . the gentleman who greeted us made some outstanding recommendations for our dinner . we had a large house salad ; a combo dinner ( 4 different kabob skewers ) ; rice ; and hummus . one of the best mediterranean dinners i 've had.. we walked away very satisfied and very full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service and the food is truly amazing people need to open up to new foods this is the place to do it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to have lunch here today . ordered the special `` chicken gyro '' with rice and side salad . i requested no rice and the woman asked if i wanted extra salad so that was fine with me . when i finally got my plate of food after about 20 minutes and one table ahead of me , it looked like a `` salad '' with chicken on it and what appeared to be fry 's store bought pita bread on the side . i know different places present food differently , but this did not look like any gyro plate i have ever had ! in any case , i was hungry and decided to take what i got ... the serving of what appeared to be tzatziki came in a puny plastic condiment cup that was not even half full . plus it appeared to be mayonnaise based instead of yogurt based and was extremely bland . as far as the food goes , like the tzatziki , bland . i frequent haji baba quite a bit and the medfresh grill does not compare . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service . love the gyros . awesome location on mill ave . always clean and friendly . baklava is divine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediterranean on mill that tastes like mediterranean on mill . very few places can do mediterranean right , and this is not one of them . the salad was mostly dry so i only ate two bites . the hummus was very bland and worse than store bought . the chicken was not seasoned well and was burned in several places . they were more like 6 chicken meatballs that tasted gummy if you did n't cut them into tiny pieces . the rice and aioli sauce were okay . i was not pleased to pay $ 25 for a meal for two . all of the high reviews tell you that this is right in the middle of collegeville and from people who have never had real mediterranean . i 'm sure their cheeseburger and fries are decent though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the grilled meats are good but nothing extraordinary . the side dishes on the combo plates are , for the most part , simple and fresh . the rice is the low point ( bland and falls short of traditional cracked wheat ) while the balaclava is the high . that it is fairly expensive coupled with the inconvenience of parking means i wo n't go out of my way to eat here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to come here a lot and the food was fantastic . this place used to be underrated and then all of a sudden it became really popular . ever since that happened , the food started to be lower quality and just not taste very good . i give it 2 stars because it used to be good , but really it should only get 1 now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great for lunch , dinner that 's another story . i have been here multiple times , i feel their entree plates are better than their gyros wraps and sandwiches . for dinner , this place is a lot more low key and not as many people frequent it . overall , i think is great , service could be a little better but the food makes up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "charged my card 45.00 $ more than my bill ... make sure you check your statement if you are going to use a credit card . the food was just enough to make you feel you ate something . does not fill you up at all and it 's not all that great . will never go back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : adana kebob is tasty . other kebobs and gyros are supposedly good but have n't tried yet . cons : too pricy for such little portions ! rice is bland . hummus is good but you only get @ 2 spoonfuls . mint salad is just cucumbers , tomatoes , barely any mint or other flavors . fast food feel to the restaurant based on ambience ( or lack thereof ) and cheap plastic plates . in short , it 's the kind of place that is probably best at 2 a.m. after college kids are kicked outta the bars and need something substantial to soak up the alcohol they 've consumed . so their quality may work for their location on mill . other than that , not worth a repeat visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent place for dining , excellent for lunch as well , simple healthy menu , everything is made fresh to order , this is my new favorite place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have tried so called mediterranean food all over the valley and nowhere have we found anything to compare to med fresh . the ingredients are always fresh and cooked to perfection . while we are open to try anything we always come back to med fresh . my favorite us the mixed grill but everything us wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . small portions , especially for a mediterranean joint at the prices they are charging .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time i went it was really good , but the second time it was n't and customer service was really bad and they overcharged us ... ..what 's up with that ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited 30 minutes for a hookah , it never came . we kept being told that we had to wait for the `` authentic coals '' to be lit . later he admitted he did not know how to make the hookah . avoid this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is arguably the best mediterranean middleeastern turkish restaurant within miles . the food is full of flavor , especially the kebab plates . it is family owned ( i think two families own it ) and they seem to care a lot about the quality of the food . service is a bit slow at times , especially during busy ( lunch ) hours , so be prepared to wait a little -- -your patience will be rewarded . when out-of-town family and friends visit , this one of the places where i treat them to dinner . the prices may be a bit higher than expected ( $ 10 for a salad ) but i think its because of the attention to quality of ingredients . i wish they would add a dish-of-the-week or seasonal dishes from turkish cuisine ( non-grill items ) . their menu does little justice to all that turkish cuisine has to offer outside the grill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly . great food at great prices . cabernet was served chilled ... not used to that from the northeast.. maybe a hot weather thing ... excellent for the place that it is . do not expect luxury but a relaxing environment with hookah", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is all so fresh and flavorful ! the service is wonderful as well- so friendly and attentive . a great dining experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "servers we extremely warm , friendly , and accommodating . clearly passionate about the food and care about their customers . we arrived at noon on a saturday but we only one of two guests there , although the place did start filling up throughout our meal . the food arrived very promptly . one server even gave us a little sampler plate of something we did n't order . we got the mix platter ( ~ $ 13 ) , which had beef , chicken , and adaba skewers , and the and the beef gyro plate ( ~ $ 10 ) . everything was really tasty but i particularly loved the beef . it was soft and the flavors were amazing . they also came with an average side salad , hummus , and pita bread . the best part , however , was the freshly baked baklava and turkish coffee that we had for dessert . omg , amazing . will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a quick healthy fix before my flight ! food was very fresh and tasty ! would go back in a heartbeat ! barak , our host was gracious and helpful with suggestions ! chicken kebab dinner with salad and rice was perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . we go on occasion for lunch at work and i always get the same thing : the chicken doner plate . the chicken is noms , their hummus is as good as any i 've ever had , the garlic paste they give you is delicious ( but lethal -- do n't eat it if you have a meeting later ) , and their rice is just killer . only complaint is that it 's a little pricey for lunch ( which is why we do n't go all that often ) but it 's worth it if you 're craving some really good turkish chow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just visited this place one time and was a great experience , food was great , staff were great , very good place for turkish experience , thumbs up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the last family owned places left in town . i love the chicken kabobs hummus . they 're very accommodating as far as food allergies etc . the family makes you feel very welcome . i hope this place never goes away . so yummy ! it 's nice to be treated well too ! they genuinely appreciate your business . what a concept ! healthy too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . however i am severely lactose intolerant , so every time i come here i ask for the falafel plate with no dressing . over half the time they put the dressing on the food.the first time i decided to just go with it , and i learned that if i eat the dressing i will be completely empty within an hour . i wish i could trust eating here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "med fresh grill is , in my opinion , the best mediterranean food in the metro phoenix area . the beef and chicken kabobs are excellent and the hummus is outstanding . the people are really nice and the service is great . i highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! great food amazing service ! the staff treated my sister and i like family . discovering this hidden gem on mill made our night ! had amazing hookah , food and people . if your out on mill check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh food , clean place , good prices , highly recommend . i always get the gyro and love that the meat is n't greasy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places on mill . we need to support more local businesses . although the prices have gone up a bit it 's still worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad salad , old lettuce taste horrible . sandwich size smaller than regular size . bad customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if your looking for some good mediterranean food i would go here . they give you a bang for your buck , a chicken kabob platter comes with salad , hummus , and 4 pieces of pita that is amazingly delicious . i will definitely come back for a meal to go . i would even suggest ordering before you go because it takes a bit of time to cook so you know . recommendation : to anyone on mill not going to the bars and is hungry and in the mood for some pretty damn good hummus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediocre at best . : the stuffed grape leaves are pretty good but i 've had better in chain restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place near the college in tempe . prices are decent and the food is pretty good . i ordered the mixed grill to share with a friend . it fed both of us with enough to take home . although we were n't very hungry to begin with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "real good . ordered delivery on a friday night . the banana smoothie was ridiculously good , and i 'm not that keen on bananas . veggie combo is best as a two person app .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easily the best food in tempe ! the customer service is top notch , your treated like family here . i 've had just about everything on the menu and it would be hard to pick the best , but try the adana kebab !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we lived in europe for six years and i have been searching for an authentic d\u00f6ner in arizona for three years . today we found it at med fresh grill ! ! ! we will regularly be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made an impromptu decision to check out a new place close to the university . food is excellent . the place is clean and nice . try the chicken gyro ... wont be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best you can get in phoenix . great falaffel & schwarma . very consistent . always good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two words - grilled fish and baklava . i am always willing to make the long drive for these two . located at the heart of mill ave , a dinner on the patio with good friends and amazing food . thats what i mean when i say bliss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a nice lunch there this week . the lady who took my order seamed extra pleasant . the food was good ok . i will try again to see if there are any items that are really good . i had heard that the humus ? is very good . maybe i will increase my rating if it is a standout .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good mediterranean food . home made dolmas and hummus . greek salad was good . my six year-old scarfed down the kids chicken grill . nice sidewalk patio allows mill ave people watching . cold beer and soccer games on the tv . will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the most part i love med fresh . their salad dressing is amazing , and the meat is great . you can see the meat being roasted , and the food being prepared . great for vegetarians as well ... my friend loved her vegetarian meal . they are very clean , and for the most part very friendly . wish the prices would n't keep going up , however i still keep paying it ! make sure you ask them for the their hot sauce , it not only ads spice to your meal , but a wonderful flavor too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "many gluten free options ! have been here several times and have enjoyed each time . would have to agree with some of the other reviews that the gyro 's are not the item to order . the french fries are very good though . the mixed grill is a great way to go . you get 3 different meats , hummus , pita bread , a small salad , and rice . yes it sounds like a lot , but actually the portions are a bit small . all items were very good and worth a repeat . the restaurant can be very noisy at times making it hard to have a conversation with the person you came with , but they also have outside seating when the weather permits . will definitely return and recommend to friends . love the open kitchen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a gem in the middle of the desert . the tabuli salad was excellent . the adana kebab , though not as spicy as i like , had good flavor and very moist . baklava and turkish coffee to top it all off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lunch spot on mill ave ! i 've had tabbouleh , the chicken salad and the vegetarian plate - all have been spot on . my co-workers also like the chicken donner and the kebabs . two drawbacks , though : first , it 's expensive . whenever you add chicken to a salad , they add $ 3.50 , which brings your bill up above $ 10 . second , service is n't exactly speedy . i realize that fresh , quality food is n't cheap and takes some time to make , but i have time constraints and a different price point for a work lunch . 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "med fresh owners and cooks smoke in the back of the kitchen . ummm ... illegal much . whatever happened to health inspectors ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are in edinburgh during the month of august - please do n't miss out on the experience of a lifetime ! i 've lived in edinburgh all my life and this is the first time i 've ever been to a tattoo . and i 'm sure it wo n't be the last . i was blown out by bagpipes , in fact , i was blown away by the vibrancy and talent ! super-duper ! i admit , it 's quite expensive to sit in an all elements ( weather wise ) on the castles ' esplanade but if you do get the good good weather gods on your side then you are in for a treat ! having lived in and around edinburgh , i 've missed many a year when this has been on and have n't really given it two hoots of a thought . now i would say to a visitor `` go and do it , experience it ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a virgin to this event , it was fantastic but a little different to what i expected . looking at a yelp review i understand it has changed over the years which seems a real shame . if it was n't for the background and bagpipes i may have not realised i was at the tattoo . a rendition of the pop song jai ho was good but seemed out of place . a lot of chinese dances including bangla again enjoyable but not scottish . diversity at the tattoo . the bagpipes , drums and kilts bring a sense of pride to the evening . the pyrotechnics fantastic at the end . the lone piper at the end on top of the castle sends chills down your spine . i loved it at the beginning when two fighter jets flew over head , awesome . although not what i expected i would without doubt go again , auld lang syne xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": ", a delightful experience , with good pipe bands , precision teams , international acts . it was a bit expensive , and we had seats high up in the stands , but the view was quite good and the sound was still excellent . we enjoyed every minute , and were surprisingly warm and comfortable despite the scottish weather . the lone piper playing from the castle near the end was hauntingly beautiful , while the fireworks at the end were breathtaking . good show !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you ca n't get more of a scottish feel than sitting inside edinburgh castle grounds listening to some bagpipes and watching the light display projected onto the castle . i thought i might get a bit bored hearing lots of military bands , but the tattoo is much more than that . there are performances from all over the world including dancing , motorcycle displays , light displays and some of the military bands are not what you 'd expect , playing some modern music too . you need to book tickets well in advance if you want to go on a specific day . there are also a night or 2 of previews , which are much cheaper , although that 's when the photographers are out on the ground too , which may hinder your photographs of the performers . however , it can be quite entertaining to watch the photographers moving about trying to get as close to the performances as possible , while not getting trampled on . if you 're a tourist ; go . if you 're a local ; go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best word i can write for this review is : go ! ! ! ! ! this performance is worth a trip to scotland . you will not see anything like it again . everything from the bagpipes to the different countries that were represented were amazing . and what a setting in front of the edinburgh castle at night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best time to go to edinburgh is august ... you have the comedy festival , but you ca n't miss the royal edinburgh military tattoo , that runs through the month . basically , military musical groups from all over the uk - as well as from all over the word ( china and the u.s. were represented as well as serval european countries ) - play , march , and sometimes dance . it is amazing . expect to hear a lot of bagpipes ! we went on opening night , and the fireworks with the edinburgh castle backdrop is one of the most incredible things i 've seen . i 'll be back to edinburgh ... and there 's no way i 'm missing the royal edinburgh military tattoo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . misleading sales . no returns , even less than an hour later . while waiting for a table at a very good pizza place , i wandered into this store which contains mostly marked up `` home goods '' merchandise . misleading sale signs led me to a table of lotions in all sizes with a sign stating 25 % gift sets . i bought two bottles of lotion ( egads- one was $ 20 , the other $ 18.50 ) thinking they were 25 % off . as i was being wrung up my party came in to say our table was ready next door , so i hurried out . over dinner a few minutes later i looked at my receipt noticed no sale . after i ate i went back to return the lotion b c i would n't have paid that much for what i got and the owners ( two women working the register ) said no . i ended up having to spend 45 dollars in the store on random things i did n't want just to not lose out on my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were greeted as soon as we walked in , and each time a staff member saw us , we were asked if we were doing ok . when we asked to see something , they were very friendly about it , and they answered our questions . this store has a huge selection of collectibles and vintage furniture . also , the back room is a candle shop , which holds tons of candles that smell absolutely delicious ! in fact , they had one burning near the entrance , which made the whole store smell fantastic ! we were very happy with our experience here and will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mis-leading price tags . staff not friendly i felt like i was being followed around the whole time . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sweet `` antique '' store with a large selection of reproduction americana including high quality furniture , art , pottery , pewter , textiles , and candles . walking in feels like an 1800 's american farm curated in the coziest of ways . we 've been frequenting this old town glendale spot for over 10 years . the back half of this store has the antique portion which is n't too bad but i rarely find anything i 'm in the market for . this part comprises about 1 3 of the space . they do have a strict return policy ( as in no ) but the ladies working were sweet about setting our finds at the counter and giving me 10 % off for checking in on yelp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "passing through town in a road trip , our pomeranian jumped in a slimy fish pond at alerton gardens and we needed her cleaned up . all the groomers were booked , but this one was available . in a desolate strip mall , it 's not the most charming area , and the business name is a little disconcerting . i was imagining her fur all chopped to bits . so i specifically asked the groomer to do no cutting . well , he ignored me , and in this case i 'm glad he did . when i picked her up he had slightly rounded out her ears and straightened up her paws . she was the cutest i 'd ever seen her . i wish i could find a groomer in chicago who has the same magic touch ! what talent the gentleman had . months later , my son and i are still talking about it , so i decided to write a review . posting a pic of her post-cut , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great price for a great cut . our sophia looks adorable . ca n't wait to schedule another appointment for our larger dog .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "traveling & needed a groomer for our llaspo very glad we found this place . we were told his dry skin was probably from bathing too often . he digressed red we do a very short cut so his skin could breathe & moisturize . we were pretty hesitant but decided to do it do glad we did . three days later he is hardly itching at all . if we lived near here this would be our groomer . the cost was very reasonable & we felt worth every penny for the service & advice we received ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work ! ! ! the dog was happy and so am i . clean and very nice . did a great job . super happy with the groomer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best groomer you are likely to find in the chambana area . they work very quickly , and they do n't leave your dog in a cage or take the dog for the entire day . most importantly , they do n't do anything cruel to your dog , even if she is a very difficult and ancient schnauzer . i hate taking my dog to the groomer , generally , because i know she hates it , but with a & b scissor hands it 's a pretty painless experience . for that , i 'm very grateful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received great service , he was very accommodating and my dog is very clean . he is very good with dogs and knew how to handle a dog who is stressed to have her nails trimmed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job on my cavalier king charles spaniel , they did exactly what i asked for and he looked amazing ! excellent service for an affordable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love a & b scissor hands ! this is one of the best places to groom your pet . he is like cesar milan- a true dog whisperer . my dachsund is very picky about her nails , and fights us at home . he was able to get her nails trimmed quickly and without a fight ! he is amazing ! ! if she had longer hair , we would bring her in for other grooming . this shop is wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! ! i brought my 8 year old mini schnauzer in for a wash and haircut . i find traditional schnauzer haircuts too severe , and asked the groomer to give him a softer look . with minimal instruction on my part , the groomer did an exceptional job shampooing and styling my anxious pet . also , he was done in 35 minutes ! i like that my dog does n't have to spend hours before after the grooming appointment in a crate . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are loyal a & b scissorhands customers because our small dog drake is treated so well here . grooming is thorough and affordable . `` scissorhands '' refers to the owner 's skills at hand-trimming fur . we always marvel at how attractive and good-smelling drake is after a 1-hr visit to a & b ! our dog can be fearful and stubborn at home , but he goes right into al 's arms without a fuss . we appreciate al 's helpful advice on how to best take care of drake 's fur , etc. , as this is our first dog . thank you , al !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! my dog has anxiety and loves the guy . he does an amazing job and the price is very reasonable . when you do the directions on maps it takes you to wrong end of down . this place in little business section road behind kraft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy does an amazing job but it costs my fianc\u00e9 and i almost $ 90 every time we take out goldendoodle there . we have never had to pay over $ 60 anywhere before .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this second cup was literally packed on a tuesday night . their patio was over flowing and the inside did n't have many seats either so it 's clear there is something great going on here . : ) oh and the shady looking men smoking out front that heather m. mentioned , definitely present .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a typical second cup . great addition to the neighbourhood , to give the timothy 's at richview square a run for their money . parking is terrible here if you drive , and they could use a bike rack . love the patio outside in the summer , and cozy interior in the winter , as well as the usual selection of beverages and desserts . random side note : there are consistently some shady looking men smoking out front . not sure what is going on there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best feature here are their huge windows , lets in so much light so you do n't have to freeze outside to get some vitamin d in the winter . the staff is friendly although they are always changing and being a regular i 've never seen any regular staff except for the owner , not sure what that 's about . the patio is a great addition and i enjoy the fact that it 's not facing the parking lot , because really that defeats the purpose of a patio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new staff is much more helpful and professional . owner is more noticeable engaged in the daily operations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is packed with loud , older men speaking in foreign languages on a wintery saturday night . i ordered a london fog and a bakery item . the london fog was typical second cup standard but the pastry was served on a paper plate with a plastic fork ? ! ? i have a feeling that the owner of this location does n't care about their business at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is 7:45am and there is one person working ... with having to prepare lattes and take credit transactions this is the slowest service i have experienced in a gta coffee shop on any given morning . while this could be just today even when there are two people in the morning they are slow and often forget to acknowledge people . while the coffee is good and there is ample seating i would highly suggest you stave off the urge for instant coffee gratification and head to the second cup at hwy 10 and eglinton .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my neighbourhood second cup and i love their drinks . however the servers are arrogant and rude . there is one in particular who never smiles , makes it look as if you are ruining her day and never ever had said thank you - in fact i am the one saying that at every stage of the transaction . on one memorable visit she insisted i did not have enough points to redeem for a drink and kept asking for proof - which was right there on my app ! ! ! ! i would go here more often if i did n't think she 'd be there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the server is rude , service is the most important thing for me in a location and the rest doesnt really matter if the person who works there is rude to me with no reason", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used to be my go to place for coffee business meetings but the broken down furniture and having to walk through the creepy guy smoking section as i enter did it for me . feel bad for the staff because they always seemed really nice even though they obviously work for someone who does n't care about the business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like the vanilla lattes here . true the parking is miserable..you have to be really patient . it will only get more crowded as development is planned for the area . waitstaff tries hard but i do n't think management helps them much . line-ups can get pretty crazy first thing in the morning..unfortunately they do n't have enough staff sometimes to help out . comfy chairs to have a nice catch up with someone . i like the dog friendly patio to meet up with friends in the summer . it 's very relaxing & sunny . not sure who the polish man group contingent is out front but it does sometimes give the place a bit of a shady feel which is too bad . : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place . got my gel nails done and there was a discount because of the grand opening . they lasted soo long . i mean this is almost 4 weeks later and they are still going strong for color of course they need to be redone because my nails have grown but boy am i impressed . the only one star off is because they do n't wax but they are new so maybe that will come in the future.. great place tho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times - it 's certainly nothing fancy , but i 've been able to walk in without an appointment and get a pedicure with no issues . i have no complaints - they do a decent job and are always friendly . prices are very reasonable and i have enjoyed the services i 've had . it 's not a place i frequent , but has helped in a pinch when i needed a last minute mani pedi !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is a very bad oder right when walking in and it too me a minute to get over it . i really needed my nails done . joe did a great job with cleaning them up but shaped all my nails to the right so they are all crooked and i even had to fix a few they were so bad . he also did a horrible job painting them . i still left a $ 2 tip even though i did n't want to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered for delivery . 1 ib . of large breaded wings with blue cheese . really meaty . wanted mild and they erte perfect . deep fried pickles but they forgot the dipping sauce . delivery was quick ( skip the dishes )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wish i can give them negative scores . they randomly make up rules on when and how you use the goupon . went there with three people using the groupon `` $ 50 groupon toward lunch or dinner for 4 '' and they would n't accept it ... even though i had done it in the past . when asked about it , she said it was in the fine print somewhere ... when it clearly states it nowhere ! ! horrible customer service , the lady even yelled something along the lines of cheap get cheap service , when we were leaving . when it was a standard 15 % tip for sub-par service.. which included messing up our order 2x long wait justifying the random rules on the groupon . this will be the last and final time i go there . the food is n't worth paying full price . but wait , there 's more ! ! this ground is not even the $ 20 or $ 50 ... they ended up subtracting taxes off the groupon 's value . so the $ 20 value groupon we bought was onlu worth $ 17.40 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised to see such a low score as it was n't that bad when we came here although we got our food to go . we got our wings to go and the server was extremely nice and more than happy to help us decide what to get as it was our first time there . we got a pound each of honey garlic and sweet bbq sauce which were both good - average wings with an average price point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they over serve their customers alcohol and when they crash their car into yours , the owner wo n't help you get a license plate number off their security cameras .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they deserve less than one star . the only good was the fries had a great seasoning and the huge selection of wing flavours . the `` hot '' wings really were n't although i understand that 's relative . my fish and chips was the worst i 've had . it was overcooked and so dry that i think the last quarter would make a suitable hammer . the waitress barely looked at us again once she heard `` groupon '' and we ended up leaving early since she had n't come around in 20 minutes so we could get more drinks . also who in the world served fish and chips and did n't have any tartar sauce ( and barely knows what tartar sauce is ) . i know it 's a wing place but do n't put it on the menu if you 're not sure what it is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dangerous place to live check out the video and the numerous photos that i have posted my unit is in bldg 2025 . same as the model apartment for phase 1 . so you have a real look at how bad these apts are", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not rent from this place ! ! ! i ignored the bad reviews and did so anyway . i had to call 4 times for my water heater to be fixed i had no hot water in my apartment upon moving in and for two months renting there . they offered me a measly $ 50 off my rent next month for the inconvenience of having to call 4 times for hot water . as well as my apartment does n't heat up before it starts cooling itself back down . it 's a bad deal ! management is no help ! the good reviews on google are from their property management team -_- and they do n't even live on the property . please do n't make the same mistake that i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this apartment complex is beautiful and i love my apartment however , i have had many maintenance issues so far and will not be renewing my lease next year .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have known david for a few years and have had a pleasant experience each time . this last time i went in and by luck the kaeon rep was in at the same time . i was able to check out most of the glasses that they had in the catalog and walked out with 2 new awesome pairs of shades . i also had a great assistance from monica who was able to help me decide on which eyewear pieces fit my face ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good about perspectacles . from the moment you walk in the door the experience is amazing . they can combine their knowledge of head shapes , skin tone matching , recent technological advances in eye wear , current fashion , and your individual goals and tastes to help you find the perfect glasses . the selection is amazing . the staff is as friendly as they are competent . truly an awesome experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "too pricey for me , and they do n't take banner health insurance , but this shop has a great selection of designer glasses . also , nice customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently got my eyes checked by dr. perrino ( sp ? ) at per spectacles and i thought he did a fabulous job . he took the time to listen to my concerns , and i felt he was very knowledgeable about what he was doing . i purchased my glasses here as well . not sure if david and i meshed.. his style is not for everybody . but i got a nice pair of glasses and i 'm very happy . my husband got a great pair as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still # 1 awesome friendly courtesy and professional ! ! what more could u ever need ? ! i an really just tickled o pink that i found this great place $ $ $", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the optician here was not friendly and spent a lot of time trying to `` upsell '' me on both the exam and the products . the staff seemed too busy to greet me , though i was the only customer in the store and they failed to call me back as scheduled . i ultimately went to a different eye doctor who said my diagnosis was incorrect and most likely was given because they would make more money off of the products they were selling me . avoid this place if at all possible . i am not an ex-employee . i am , however , an ex-customer . i 'm sorry you ( below ) disagree with my review , but that was my experience . i provide reviews for service i like and service i do n't , that 's just the impression your store gave me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over priced frames . terrible customer service ! i took my mom here for mother 's day as all she wanted was an eye exam and a pair of glasses . my mom was visiting from seattle and the exam went really well with the doctor but down hill after that . my mom and i were assured if she spent $ 800 on a pair of glasses delivering them and adjusting them as needed was no problem . so ... we spent the $ 800 and the glasses do not work at all . david recommended she purchase a second pair for reading and he would adjust the first pair for everything else . really ? ? ? she has since sent them back and he refused the package . $ 800 and no glasses 3 months later . it makes me sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first eye exam in about 6 or 7 years . i chose per spectacles because i live right across the street from it . i was extremely impressed by the service . dave was so friendly and extremely helpful when recommending frames for my face type . the optometrist was very helpful and i look forward to finally being able to see ! i would recommend this place to anyone . also the whole cost of the exam and frames was very low as my insurance covered most of it . very friendly service overall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i 'm so glad that the owner made a public response . to publicly state that you are `` glad a potential customer did n't shop at your establishment '' , over a disagreement about a living social deal , speaks volumes about the culture that you are building with your company . also , to try and attack my character and ethics on other reviews i 've posted , is completely uncalled for . i apologize if i wrote anything to offend you , but what i wrote in my review was the honest truth . i stated that your prices were drastically different that other competitors around town -- this is nothing new to consumers . usually , the price discrepancy is coupled with a higher level of customer service , to make your offerings more `` valuable '' to the consumer -- from your response , this is clearly not the case . i truly wish you the best in your business endeavors . maybe try and rectify the situation with an unhappy customer , instead of publicly attacking them . god bless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sitting here waiting for the eye doc who is not on time for my 2pm appointment . the guy who checked me in said he was at lunch . it is now 2:10pm and another lady told me he ha a car accident and had to get another rental car and he will be 15 more minutes late . i 'm with two kids ages 3 & 4 and i specifically asked for a morning appointment time so they would n't be with me but this doctor who i saw previously has to do my checkup and he was only available today . i had a follow up scheduled back in july but they cancelled it because the doc had issues with his family . after being hounded about being on time for my appointment i 'm sitting here ( arriving 5 minutes early ) and the doc is late . i have not been happy with this place since i first stepped in . would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the owner has extensive knowledge and made my decision making process easy . i have many special needs with my eyes , and was never satisfied at the chain optical stores . i highly recommend . he even threw in a free audio hearing exam !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from the friendly staff ! love supporting an awesome local business and this fits that bill for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "per spectacles owner david did it again ! i have been fitted for contacts here for the past 2 years and i recently purchased a new pair of glasses . david and his assistant debra were both extremely helpful in helping me choose the best frames for my needs ... and they helped me select the pair that looked the best on me..something i always have a hard time doing . dr. castro was also very professional during my eye exam explaining the changes going on with my eyes and what i should be watching for in the future . all around great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great office , great service ! the staff were amazing to work with . my daughter and i were both seen here and are both glad we did . they took the time to explain why my daughter needed the glasses and prescription that she needed . she is seeing much better now for sure . i will be using them from now on for all of our eye needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started bringing my daughter here almost two years ago before she started kindergarten . dave was amazing with helping us pick out the kids `` indestructible '' frames . he was patient , took the time to fit her correctly ; they even had a kids room for my other child to play in while he waited . as for the lenses ? they really are indestructible ! my daughter has bent them , twisted them , fallen on them , stepped on them ... you name it . dave has been great about fixing them every time we come in , with a smile and a sticker for my daughter . were the frames a little pricey ? yes , but you get what you pay for . the frames have paid for themselves several times over and you ca n't put a price on the great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little gem of a restaurant is a must if you 're looking for something different or you 're just plain craving good 'ol soul food ! my mom , sister , and i totally enjoyed the baked chicken and porkchops , tender and flavorful , along with mouth watering homestyle collard greens , mac-n-cheese , broccoli casserole , and sweet potatoes ! there are several other wonderful soul-side dishes to select from as well - very nice variety . the meals were hot and delicious with fresh and unique flavors . our lunches were under $ 6 apiece and an incredible value ! leo 's kitchen will no doubt become one of the area 's favorite restaurants for quality , service , variety , uniqueness , and the owners could not be more friendly and accommodating . it 's a pleasure to finally be able to write a 5-star review for an overall experience worthy of the rating . bring your friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "county soul food . mac and cheesy goodness . food prepared to order , so you may have to wait . you order at the counter , pay , and food is brought to you . cornbread was a miss , fried chicken crisp and homage goodness . offer different meats and veggies daily . have a med to a large plate . the sides are bigger in those plates , but you still get 2 sides . vegetarian folks need not come here . a meat & potatoes paradise . different deserts also offered daily .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best fried chicken i 've ever had , along with the best coleslaw ! the mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious , and the homemade pound cake was to die for ! i was n't a fan of the mac and cheese , but everything else was delicious ! also , the staff are super sweet . i believe they 're looking for a new location at the moment , which i hope they find soon . i will definitely be bringing my family here when they come to visit in october . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was awesome . we had been talking about trying it for several months and finally had the chance tonight . although it is currently only take out , they are expanding to have eat in ! . my entire family loved it , even the picky kids . meatloaf , collard greens and mashed potatoes . my husband love it so much he did n't save room for the banana pudding . my older son loved the fried chicken and said that the munchers and mashed potatoes were amazing . i would agree that the mac-n-cheese was very good . definitely home made . the broccoli casserole tasted just like my mother in law makes . everything was fresh , and the chicken fish were cooked when ordered . this is a definite must try . we will be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an excellent soul food meal ! ! really good cooking of all kinds of meats and veggies . but do n't expect to stick to your diet . it 's good ol ' southern cooking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soul food at its finest . great variety of meat choices and your pick of 2 sides like pinto beans , sweet potatoes , collard greens , mac n cheese , slaw , broccoli casserole , and more . we stumbled across this place and most certainly will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had take out for the first time and everything was great . the fried chicken was flavorful and juicy . my daughter loved the baked spaghetti special . we will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic home cooked food ! i had the fried chicken and it was melt in your mouth yummy . the eat in section is a little disappointing , feels like you are eating in a cafeteria . but again , the food is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic ! ribs , fried porkchops , gizzards , beef stew , pinto beans , sweet yams , okra . i have had a lot off the menu and have n't found anything that was n't great , if not amazing . good people , always friendly , and the place is kept up well . the prices are low too ! if you like soul food , do n't skip leo 's ! a hidden gem in waxhaw ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great soul food - daily specials that do run out fast . check them on their facebook page . very reasonably priced ! http : www.facebook.com leoskitchen1 ? sk=wall", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fried chicken was cooked to order and delicious ! however i was not a fan of the side dishes i got ( green beans and mac & cheese ) . friend 's mashed potatoes and broccoli casserole were good but nothing special . will try some other options next time ... a good soul food offering close to home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am the queen of charlotte because i just got crowned ! yay ! ! i 'm not one of those freaks who fear the dentist , i always just fear the bill or wonder what they are telling me is true . i could not find the right fit for a new dentist for me , so cycles of 6 months have gone by , getting my teeth cleaned and leaving with that uneasy feeling like i 'm not so sure about that ... everything changed when i went to dr. ghorshi 's office , i like his staff and him , they make you feel like you are the only one there , they get you in and out and you leave with confidence with the work was needed and done correctly . count me in and see you in six months ! ! i ca n't wait to return because he tells me i have a small mouth . bahahahahhahaha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly skilled dentist . we joined a participating insurance just so we could see him . nice office in a great location . all digital . shows you what 's going on , on a large lcd computer monitor . you can watch tv while your teeth are getting cleaned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic dentist and supporting staff . i called dr. ghorshi 's office and joan set me up with an appointment . she was incredibly understanding of my schedule and found me a time that would work . i went in and met dr. ghorshi . he was wonderful . he tends to be more conservative with treatment and truly wants what is best . i could n't recommend this office more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always busy here . the line is never very long though so if you do n't plan on staying , you can get in , get your beverage , and get out pretty fast . if you hope to get a table through , that may be hard . plenty of parking all around as this store is part of a large plaza . wifi works pretty well , particularly considering the number of guests with their laptops blazing . wish they 'd stay open a bit longer . they close at 10 pm most days and there are always a bunch of guests surprised they are being kicked out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great staff , super busy almost anytime of the day so be prepared to lineup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have no complaints because i love using the app . grab and go , people . i do n't like standing there ma thinking which treat i want that day . use your app , choose , drive and get it . it is raining today so i had to just run in and out . i do n't wait at all for this location . i even got the mango creme something when it was all out at other locations . there is a traffic light to go and out of this plaza . easy to access via car , right on the yonge stretch of road . there are outdoor seats , and some inside too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for richmond hill , i have found this to be pretty consistent . friendly staff and follow the drink instructions well . location is a bit small though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dirty coffee mugs with coffee strains at the rim really turned me off ! i have to give credit for the starbucks for the placement of the electric outlets . there are really 3 different sets around the stores and spread out quite nicely . the chance of getting a table near a plug is quite good ! the nice armchair in the front of the store is a great place to lounge and take a breather ... but those coffee mugs ! ! just gross me out !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you know , starbucks gets a bit of a bad rap and i have to say that this particular starbucks certainly does not deserve it . i was very excited when it opened just down the road from where i work . after all , the drive to coffee was pretty long . here they do things right . the staff is knowledgable and friendly and they make good latt\u00e9s . i 'm not a fan of the fancy drinks . just give me my espresso and steamed milk . now , the thing about such sime tastes is that when a barista messes the drink up , there 's nowhere to hide . there are only two ingredients after all . i have had some pretty nasty latt\u00e9s in my time , but never from here . so , if you 're far from the city and up in oak ridges , stop by this starbucks for a latt\u00e8 . i 'm certain you will be perfectly happy ... unless , of course , you do n't like coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had an issue with a money order that required a stop pay and reissue . although the issue was my fault aida , wendy and andrai were very helpful and resolved the issue quickly , professionally and with a smile on their face . good folks , highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employee , clarissa , was so rude to me during our experience of getting a car loan i could not believe it . she essentially called me a liar at least five times during an argument about information she said i had put on the application which i did not . the bank had entered a default vin on the application but she accused me of entering the incorrect vin no . later she called to tell me it was the bank 's default number and so it was their doing and not mine , but with no apology for her loud yelling and insulting remarks . i have had no problem with the bank before and this is my third wf auto loan but will not do business with this particular branch again for any reason . she gave us incorrect information several times and did n't seem qualified at all to be handling auto loans . wells fargo needs to do a better over all training job . other staff there seemed nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the stars are only because the service here is good . the bank itself sucks . they are the worst with mortgages and loans . this bank personnel is friendly and very helpful . the parking is sometimes impossible but overall this one gives good service with a horrible bank .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yum ! my bf and i frequent this sushi joint . for under $ 10 you can get a bento box that is full of goodies ... teryaki , dumplings , 6 pieces of sushi , shrimp and veggie tempura and the list goes on and on . the waitresses and the the chef ( simon ! ) are so friendly and they always give you more than you ordered . this place is great for take out or for eating in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow.. from 'myeh ' it turned to 'never again ' in less than 5visits . the food is horrid ! . edemame was cold . from the skin you can tell it 's been out for a while . barf the deep friend claifornia rolls could easily be the worst mush mixture i have ever tasted . now i know , if ever there is a time i need to puke , i will picture this dish and just like that ... the hurling feeling comes to the pit of my stomach . i am so so sad . this is the end of this place for me . there should seriously be an option of no star rating . xoxo m .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst sushi i 've ever had . the water glasses were dirty and had spots of grease on then like the dishwasher has never been cleaned . the plates also had a film of grease on them . even the walls next to our table were filthy . any rolls we ordered with tempeura were burnt . slow service , unfriendly staff . prices were on par with other sushi places in the city . i will not be going back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to be my favourite place until this spring , food is inexpensive and i 'm in the area often so i was a reoccurring customer . i used to go there and always get the same thing , tofu , suicide roll and or yam tempura roll . always tasted great . sometimes the service is nice , sometimes they just do n't care . the place looks great and is well decorated and the tv is a great plus . i 've been coming for years and it just seems the quality is depleting.. unfortunately for me my last visit resulted in food poisoning . as i always get the same thing , i believe it was a hygienic problem . i 've not been since and do n't plan on returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avocado ! fake crab ! orange fish eggs ! if you love california rolls , get yourself to simon sushi around lunch time . for $ 5.99 you get miso soup , a small salad , six pieces of california roll , and six pieces of another choice -- i went for the 'crunchy roll ' which had salmon , avocado , and tempura batter bits inside . you can also choose chicken or salmon teriyaki , which comes served in an impressive box with tempura and , you guessed it , california rolls . all and all it 's not a bad deal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here about four times , the service is quite quick and the staff is pretty friendly . the menu selection is impressive as they serve rolls that i 've never heard of before which is always exciting and the prices are n't too bad for a sushi place . usually when i try new things here i enjoy them , though the portion sizes are a bit small for my liking . i recommend the fire season roll !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delivery was fast . got a free sweet potato roll , but that could n't take away from a rancid flavour and very wet almost mushy rice in the sushi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service is n't the best but sushi is pretty good . lunch specials for the win : ) dinner is a tad pricy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just terrible . tried here a few times . aways ice cold and never bring the whole order . no wasbi no soy sauce . bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sushi is quality , the service is great ... . but most importantly - the prices are awesome . sometimes i just want a sushi lunch without having to pay $ 20+ . this is the place . $ 5.99 lunch specials are amazing . they do n't skimp on the quality at all . i split 3 lunch specials with a buddy and we eat like kings for under $ 20 total . i will go back often . awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simon sushi is a decent spot for reasonably priced sushi and asian lunch plates . the california roll i had was \u00fcber fresh , but the tuna roll was just ok . i wished they had low sodium soy sauce . service here could improve , but the same could be said for every sushi place in town . at the end of the day , this place is good , but needs a little freshening of decor , better service , and the freshest sushi to stand out . they do a neatly sliced orange at the end of the meal , which is a nice touch that helps cut the salt . 3 1 2 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "add one more star for the service . the food was really below average sushi restaurants . it is all about the cut in sashimi culinary art and the chef does n't have any cutting skills . all their sashimi come in a big bulk like being bought right away from a supermarket with some random slicing . it is all about the rice when it comes to make sushi . the rice should be sticky enough to make the raw fish attached so it will not easily fall off when you pick it up . but here , the sushi comes in a gigantic chunk and the raw fish is not at all attached to the rice . i am surprised to see they have such a high rating everywhere . i guess their good service made people happy . but if you have any knowledge of tasting japanese food , you will not appreciate this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "prices are very good , making it a great location for a work lunch . they have a lot of decent lunch specials . service is usually really good , friendly and efficient staff . good place for a quick and inexpensive bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here with 3 friends on a friday evening , under a recommendation of a friend who had eaten at the restaurant before , with a positive experience . walking in and being seated , my friends and i were one of the only ones in the restaurant around the time we arrived ( around 8:30pm ) , so the service was efficient with orders and it came in a timely manner . the menu has a nice and diverse selection , and the dishes ordered tasted good . the rolls i got satisfied my craving for sushi and my overall hunger for under $ 10 , i 'm glad . if i am in the ct area again and craving sushi ( but let 's be honest , when am i not ? ) , i would come again ! i like that the place has free wifi btw . very good for instagramming food ( just kidding . i did n't , i do take pictures for yelp and blogging purposes though ! ) www.ariemacherie.tumblr.com", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never actually eaten in person here , but ordered take out from just-eat a few times . personally i love eating expensive japanese food , sea urchin , roe , toro etc. , usually expensive japanese ingredients are only served in higher-end restaurants that do n't do take out , so i was pleasantly surprised and drawn to this restaurant to order my fix of uni . often , the most crucial part to a nice japanese meal is the quality of its ingredients ; too often have i gone to legitimate japanese restaurants , order the uni only to taste its putrid stale week-old uni . fortunately my order of uni , salmon roe , and toro came was quiet fresh , and every time my order came with a complimentary maki roll . a nice touch and an honest attempt at serving up good japanese food ! if you 're a massive foodie like me this place is a great pick even for take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the food is great and everything is so cheap ! i 've been going here regularly since last summer . the staff are very prompt and friendly and memorized my usual order ( which i love )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't understand why people come to this place . when this place first opened up barely anyone went . now when i walk by i see tons of people inside . i guess this goes to show you that if there is a lacking presence of good sushi places people will settle for anything less than stellar . the beef tepanyaki was ok but the rice definately was n't that great . it was too soft and almost mushy . you should definately try other options in this area . if you have a sushi craving , either go to bloor st or just settle for something else in the area that is just as good . i suggest going to either new ho king for chinese food or even mother 's dumplings . satiate your sushi fix another time and keep on walking , there are other places to eat and waste your money on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for the lunch special . got a california roll , yam tempura roll , soup , and salad then paid extra to finish with green tea ice cream . the price was right and the lunch special goes all the way until 5 pm . the food was tasty but the sushi rice was warm which i did n't really care for . i 'm not sure if they did that on purpose or if there was some kind of failure in refrigeration . the miso soup was tastier than most places . they brought fruit with the bill which i like . very nice touch . i would probably go back if hungry in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not go to this place ! thought it was decent until i found hair in the tempura . and not just on top of the food but mixed in with the batter . i guess you get what you pay for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best sushi in town . really nice people there and the service is good . simon is the chef himself and he 's there all the time cooking every dish . highly recommended . prices are very affordable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ppl here are quite nice and friendly . it 's a great place to have sushi ! i am touched by their attitude , it makes me feel warm . although they do not have all you can eat , i would like to go just because of them . the sushi there is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super cheap , super friendly service , super fast . love coming here , it 's not spectacular food , but it 's very humble . love this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been to this restaurant two times . they have very friendly staff ! as usual , i would get my usual , a bento box . it was average tasting , like most other sushi restaurants . however , it was n't as pricey as others which is a good sign . bonus , they have free wifi !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! very good sushi , cheap prices , and we were even given free sake for reasons still unbeknownst to us . they just gave us free sake . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices here are very good especially being in a downtown location . they have a lunch special that goes from 11am to 5pm which is $ 6.50 for a good variety of bento boxes of sorts with maki and stuff . we opted to try something else since we were hungry . we ordered 5 different maki rolls . bc scallop roll : tasty , and one of their better rolls . uni roll : did n't taste super fresh , and was n't too much filled with uni . hamachi deep fried roll : a bit dry , and probably the worst out of the 5 rolls . deep fried unagi roll : this is the usual tasty one with avocado . yam avocado roll : this is sweet creamy combo . great for vegetarian ! we also got fried tofu with some sauce . overall , the rolls were of decent quality and portion was good anywhere from 6-8 pieces per roll . their spider roll and lobster roll were fairly cheap at under $ 10 . we would come back just to eat more variety of cheap rolls .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was quite nice . other than that , the quality of food was pretty bad ( i had the bento box ) and certainly not worth the price tag . the only half- decent thing i had there were the salmon rolls .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good place , especially their pretty cheap lunch specials , where you can get sushi or bento boxes ( teriyaki beef is my favourite ) . usually everything is fresh , but once fish in sushi tasted like yesterday 's , and that was sad . also , my husband and i notice that when you order a lunch special and you are alone , they serve you very quickly , but if there are two ( or more ) people for lunch , you have to wait for a while to get your orders .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered this as delivery from just eat . it came fast . the portions were large . the udon noodle soup ( i was sick ) hit the spot and the rolls were decent . they threw in free edamame which was nice . i 'll order from here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 5 stars ! i really like simon sushi ! this place serves miso soup to every customer who comes in to dine . i used to work in the area , so i would get their lunch specials for $ 5.99 . for lunch , i 've tried the avocado cucumber rolls with yam rolls ; house noodle soup , crispy rolls , bento box , etc . all delicious . i have also been here for dinner a couple of times , and it tends to be a lot less busy during this time . the great thing about dinner is that the chef gives a complimentary piece of their suicide roll as well as edamame ! the atmosphere is sort of run down a bit . they really should renovate and fix up the walls and decor . the service is decent ; however , most of the waitresses do n't speak english very well , so it 's difficult to make any special requests if you have any .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "update : the lunch specials have increased by a whole $ 0.50 ( $ 6.49 ) and they have shiny , new menus ( instead of those laminated pieces of paper ) . otherwise , nothing has changed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has dirt cheap prices and if you 're looking for the biggest bang for your buck , then come here . otherwise , the quality is not the greatest and i found the sushi really mushy and the vegetarian spring rolls too oily . the waitresses were attentive and food came out really quick . but , my friend and i being the only ones there in addition to another couple of guys maybe says something about the place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are three items i have tried and very much enjoyed . 1 . agedashi tofu ( tempura tofu ) 2 . salmon sushi pizza 3 . red bean ice cream there are several things i like about simon sushi : -lemon water is icy cold and refreshing -complimentary miso soup -you may be offered edamame -they give you two big scoops of ice cream while their salmon sushi pizza is n't quite like what i 'm used to eating at wasabi ( keele and bloor ) , it was quite scrumptious and i very much enjoyed it for what it was . note : there are no onions on it , and the mayonnaise is n't spicy . i would return occasionally if i 'm nearby , hungry and craving those items , but i would n't go out of my way just to eat there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we always order takeout from here so i ca n't comment on the restaurant experience . the sushi is always fresh , much cheaper than other places , and comes within 30 minutes . the sushi platter has about 40-45 pieces on it and is only $ 32.00 or so . they also throw in a free order of edamame sometimes ! i will definitely keep ordering takeout from here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although the $ 5.99 lunch deals are fewer and farther between in this part of the city than others , simon sushi does n't seem to need any significant competition for motivation . with 10 choices each of rolled sushi and cooked options to choose from , it 's kind of hard not to find something that you might like . otherwise quite regular california rolls are garnished with an eye-catching sprinkle of tobiko . tempura yam and avocado rolls come generously stuffed . the only subtractors were the gratuit sides . the rich , creamy dressing atop the green salad was unfortunately heavily watered down for a lack of proper post-wash drainage and the miso soup was one of the blandest i 'd ever had . meanwhile , dinner at simon sushi has yet to disappoint . despite usually being a lot busier than during the day , everything still arrives artfully plated . the large and colourful menu makes sharing multiple dishes with friends a good way to try a bunch of items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the definition of `` cheap fill you up '' sushi . simon sushi is a great place if you 're on a budget and want the most bang for your dollar . hell , they even give you free edamame with a sample sushi to start ! domestic beer here is cheap ( under 4 dollars ) and basically everything on the menu tastes good , and if it doesnt , you 're in the wrong place for what you want ( cheap sushi ) . the addition of ramen noodles is good too . on a few occasions i 've ordered the sushi boat for me and 2 other friends and we 've been really full while leaving a few bits of sushi left . friendly staff ( unless it 's really busy , they can be scrambled ) and simon is usually rolling the sushi for everyone . this is my go to spot for cheap sushi , leave your high needs at the door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 stars for the food , 100 stars for the service and volume of food . i went in for a take-out , and they served me with a sushi piece and edamame to try out . i ordered the sushi bento box for $ 15 including tax - the volume was so large i almost could n't finish it . it came with ; rice & beef short ribs ( which almost amounts to a full meal ) 5 pieces of tempura 3 fried dumplings 6 pieces of sushi salad miso soup the service was amazing too - recommended for all hungry people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really nice store since it 's new . the employees are efficient and friendly . they were having a bogo 50 % and had a lot of sizes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this store for 2 yrs . each time i go they are sooo helpful . going into the back to check on sizes , offering other options to last years shoe model , talking about pros and cons to shoe types . would recommend to all . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david is amazing ! he always gives the best customer service and goes out of his way to get the shoes sizes i need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called goodyear a c on a late saturday afternoon . i spoke to dave and explained our problem and he said he could be here in about an hour . he showed up in exactly an hour and corrected our problem in about 15 minutes ! he 's very personable and friendly . he 's also very knowledgeable and his experience was evident . i highly recommend goodyear a c for any of your air conditioning needs . mario m .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , professional and friendly service ! free estimates , no extra charge for weekend calls and prices are very good ! we will definitely call david again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called this guy on sunday and left a voice message requesting he come out to take a look at my ac unit on monday . never heard back from him . apparently he 's not very sympathetic about someone 's ac unit completely shut off in 115 degrees phoenix summer weather . i did n't mention that i have a 6-month old baby at home , but i guess it probably would n't have made any difference to him anyway . if you read some of his reviews on google , there are similar complaints of him not returning calls , no showing for appointments , etc . so it looks like a pattern is emerging that this guy only works when he wants to . not recommended ( obviously ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far , the best wings place in the gta . i never liked the large wings as i do n't think they taste natural and i never thought i would like the huge wings , but these wings are fresh , meaty , scrumptious and natural . their sauces are just top notch and some of the wing flavours have added herbs and spices , even real garlic . the mexican fries is gigantic and ohhhh so tasty . i would drive from the west end to scarborough just to do take out here , that 's how good it is ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wings themselves are fantastic : gigantic , perfectly crispy and breaded ( not too much , not too little ) and juicy as hell on the inside . my only complaint would be that their homicide sauce was not as spicy as i 'd like , and also saltier and tangier than i 'd prefer . their fries are my favourite type of fry : crazy crispy on the outside , soft and creamy on the inside . a side order was almost comically large . service was very friendly and the food came quickly . the ambiance is great , a zillion screens , lots of booths and it was pretty quiet for wing night . parking can be an issue , as it 's in a plaza , but it 's worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the biggest wings i 've eaten ever ! i always try to find an excuse to get my butt up here just to eat wings . the wings here are like double the size of most wing places . its beautiful . there are a decent amount of flavors and they are quite good ! i usually get garlic parm of course but i think i like their honey parm more ... anyways the wings here are amazing ! the atmosphere here is bomb ! there is a tv literally everywhere haha . staff is great and funny ! they do have daily deals haha so please ask them ! the fries here are also really good ! i 've had the greek fries and garlic parm ... . so good ! if you do get both ... i dont know if you can finish ahah . i can barely finish fries shared and my own wings . definitely come here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best wings ever ! ! ! i have had my share of wings and have gone to many places . usually a place starts off with good massive wings but they eventually get cheap and make their wings smaller . this place by far has the biggest wings in scarborough to date ! had the ( standard ) honey garlic and tried the dry rub parmesan on breaded wings and had the bbq teriaki wings grilled ... . you have got to try the grilled wings ! ! the place has a nice modern decor it 's lined with booths and every booth has a tv . they play sports and ufc . i 'll definitely be a repeat customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to fanzone with my family . the best referral from a friend who found this place and i 'm so happy he did . the food was amazing portions were insane . staff and manager willing to allow me to make changes to the combo . beer was freezing cold and food was fresh could taste how fresh my salad was . i definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone . the place is amazing tv 's everywhere good atmosphere . will be back again for sure . thank you to fanzone staff for amazing food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge wings , but wayyy too much sauce ! also , service is not that great and kind of pushy -especially with a large group . however , the restaurant is surrounded with large screen televisions and smaller ones at each booth - great for watching the game ! would come back for game nights but try the dry-wings next time for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll echo what many have already said ... these are the largest wings i 've had in my life . not only were they huge , they were also very tasty . a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's finally a bar in scarborough i enjoyed . from service to food , everything was exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arnold schwarzenegger sized chickens make for pumped up wings ! monster wings that were done very well . a relaxed non pretentious spot , that 's kinda a no super frills sports bar but in a good way . there 's no mega tv wall or super goal light sirens or fireworks or `` restaurant stadium '' . it 's a room , lots of tvs , and smaller tvs on each banquette . normal human beings for servers . done . not sure why you 'd go anywhere else for wings if you 're nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fanzone is probably my favourite wing place around . wings are always huge and there 's a nice variety of flavours to choose from . gar par fries are bomb and so are the mexican fries . lots of tv 's everywhere so you can watch the game from wherever you 're sitting . the friendly owner and servers are always around and attentive to you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this restaurant via yelp when driving nearby on a snowy cold day . looks very shabby on the outside , and was quite difficult to find . once inside , its a whole different story , very comfy and modern . i like this place even more than all stars ( one of my favorite wings restaurants ) . their tvs are everywhere . several on the walls around you along with individual ones you can control . best part of fanzone is the food . delicious . ca n't stop thinkin about the parmesan garlicy wings and the triple cheesy fries . their portions are also double other wing restaurants . could not finish and that 's a first for me . thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing wings and a lot of flavours and optiins . nice ambiance , friendly and good servers . recommended for a hanging out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lets keep it simple , they have wings , burgers , ribs , fish n chips . i went with a buddy last night . they have a ton of flavors , and a description in case your not sure what it is . these wings are huge , about as big as i have seen . they are fresh ( never frozen ) and meaty . out waitress was very attentive , and seemed to know the menu . i may have found my new wing place in scarborough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to start , this place has the biggest wings that i have ever seen in my life . usually , a pound will leave me satisfied but still a little hungry . however , after eating half my pound of wings at fanzone i was already ready to tap out . the wings are huge but it makes you wonder how much water or additives are added to these wings . first few wings taste good but after your 4th it just tastes like your eating batter . although , i am not a huge fan of their wings a few friends of mine are - so i would suggest trying it out to see if you might like it . the service was also very slow and the seating is limited . if your looking for quantity for your buck this is the place to go - however , not the best quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's safe to say , i just found my new all-time favourite wing place ! after hearing good things about this place from friends , i came specifically on a monday night for their post-5pm special ( 15 wings for the price of 10 ) and boy , was i not disappointed . there was a large variety of flavours to choose from and the wings were absolutely humongous . i 'd definitely give this place a 10 10 for value for price since i can normally eat 1.5 pounds of wings but here , i could hardly even finish half the basket ? ! with a sports bar feel , the interior is very cozy and clean with lots of tv screens ( even a mini one at your very own table if you sit in the booths ) ! we went around 9:30pm and it was n't busy at all so the food came out quick and pipping hot ! i would definitely recommend you try this place out on a monday night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with a friend who raved about this place . great place for wings or to hang out ! booths have their own individual tvs so you can watch whatever sports you want . definitely an excellent place if you 're a sports fan and loves some food . their wings are huge . so meaty and tender ! ! sauce is coated nicely on the wings ( not too heavy ) but the sauce flavours are pretty standard . i got ta pair my wings with fries and their regular fries are just as good - soooo crispy and quite a large basket . service was good but could be understaffed on a busy night . great atmosphere , especially on a game night . price is similar to other wings places but the wings are 2x the size as others ! not sure about other stuff on their menu but their wings and fries are definite winners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the largest chicken wings i have ever ate in toronto . i tried the honey parmesam and bbq creole flavors . amazing : ) must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here last night for dinner . we always drive by this place so decided to try it out . so happy we did ! we got a full rack of baby back ribs with onion rings , honey garlic wings and homicide buffalo wings . the portions are huge ! ! also , the food is amazing ! however , 4 stars only because the place itself is ... . how would you say it , it basically looks like your eating in a dungeon or something . i feel like if they made the place look a bit more like a sports bar it 'll be better , but that 's just a personal opinion . the staff are friendly , but the service can improve . def will be back here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wings are amazing here . i got the garlic parmesan and the honey garlic ( in the medium section ) . they were so flavourful and hot when served . the price for the amount of wings you get is very decent , i could not finish it all ! nice place , less busy on the weekdays : ) the service is really friendly and attentive ! will be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh , large wings of the too much crunchy breading and swimming in boring pre-fab bottled sauces variety . take 10 supermarket sauces and mix and match 'em to make 101 flavours . ( yawn ) . they have lot 's of tvs for sports watching , but it 's loud due to the steel roof , and it 's kinda pricy for a stripmall location in mid-scarberia 's furniture row . its a pretty good place to watch the game , and have some pedestrian wings , if you do n't mind paying a bit extra for barely average food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here for a goodbye dinner party for a co-worker . the place is really nice and clean . they had those nice booth with a tv install in it as well , which is very different and great touch ! i got the one pound wings and fries . the wings are huge ! the fries were really crispy and yummy ! but service was n't the greatest , i had to call the waitress about 3x for refill and the bill debit machine . overall , i would def come back to try different flavour of the wings if i was in the area . but duffs wings will always be better in my opinion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large and crispy wings ! ! ! sooo delish ! ! ! we tried the hot money creole and smokie jerk ! ! ! lots leftto take home . love the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly this place has replaced all star wings for me . i used to go to all star for their big juicy wings . now their quality has gone down to tiny shriveled up wings . fan zone has been quite consistent with their portion sizes let 's hope it continues over all good flavours . staff could be a bit more educated in terms of flavours and to help the customer make a good choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . we went on a monday just after 4pm so it was n't busy . our server was super friendly and very informative , also letting us know items that were not on the menu . they have 15 wings for the price of 10 after 5pm on mondays . wings were a plenty being large , juicy and very falvourful . mexican fries were massive so it 's a definite dish to share . they just passed the 1 year mark of opening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wings are absolutely the best . but have them with greek fries . fries are crispy and the topping delish . busy on monday nights .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love coming to fanzone . great service and our whole family feels welcome . they have the best wings in the city and so many choices to choose from . our favorite is honey garlic with parmesan and spicy jerk . the portions are huge and we always end up bringing home leftovers . i love all the screens to watch sports and if you sit in a booth you can get your own tv screen . go check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wings are really good . we went on monday wings night , 15 wings for the price of 10 . great food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great food with great service ! come here on the regular , as it has a very clean and relaxed atmosphere , tvs at every booth ( channels can be changed at your request ) , and something to eat for everyone . wings are spectacular - with maby flavours to choose from , burgers are tasty too . personal faves are the calamari , nachos , and mexican fries . if you have a sweet tooth , ask for the deep fried cheesecake , you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this sportsbar resto serves much better wings and ribs than st. louis , all-star and montana 's . it is less expensive too . their mexican fries are delicious ! huge portions as well . our waitress may is friendly and efficient . we will surely come back to this resto with family and friends . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent place , did its job to keep us fed-straight and plain ; food was nothing memorable but did n't did n't suck either . typical bar food although the fries and onion rings were on point . ribs and wings are priced pretty much like everywhere else ( still pretty $ $ ) . try the mexican fries ... not on menu but worth trying . perhaps if you were a sport fan then this place would be more appealing but as a foodie it 's plain and average-a bit on the boring side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "party of 6 . ordered nachos , and ultimate fries to start . then had 50 wings . we thought that they were going to be tiny and we could finish the 50 in no problem ... we ended up taking half of it home because the wings were way bigger than expected . great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would definitely recommend this place . it is easy to miss as its tucked away but worth the search . they have a great atmosphere with tvs everywhere - steve will even change the channel at your request . very clean and organized restaurant . food is amazing ( check out the size of their wings ! ) and i absolutely adore their onion rings . oh and not to mention their to die for cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e cheese cake ! everything is always fresh never frozen and beer is always on point . i 've been here at least once a month for the past 6 month . they can even accommodate large groups ( we had around 20 people ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "many different flavours of wings to choose from and a good amount of dry and wet types . good atmosphere and friendly service . cheese cake is also great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like wings and sports , then you have to go here . the wings here are gi-normous , and are drenched in the sauce of your choosing . if you grab a booth then you 'll be watching what ever sport you enjoy . service was great , friendly and accommodating . would i go back : oh yeah ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bang for the buck ! went there on my birthday , we ordered a full rack of ribs and wings . what really stands out is their serving size , wings that are actually not tiny and magnanimous beef rack ribs ! not to say that the size took anything from the taste . all of that for a really reasonable price . 10 10 would go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not noticeable as you drive by but i 'm so glad i discovered it ! prices are good , portions are huge staff is friendly and lots of tv 's . cheese and gravy fries are a must get . they bread there wings which i personally do not like so i asked for mine not breaded , took a little longer but sooo worth the wait . great hang out spot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time for me and my dinning partner ! ! both of us had wings and fries . fyi fries are a separate order . 2 orders of wings and fries= $ 28.70 . wings are huge , crispy and tender . wait staff were very pleasant and professional . the spicy wings are a bit on the vinegary side ( think a spicy tabasco ) i hope that one day they will have a flavourful spicy sauce . until then , everything else will do ... spice up", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed to be turned away from this place during the raptors playoffs . i understand they would like to maximize their space however for a table of 2 they wanted us to sit at the bar although half their restaurant was still empty . i rave about their food however at this time this was very disappointing to be treated like this . i hope the owner manager does read this review and take it under their advisement to either provide tables that seat two as not every one will come in as a group of 4", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hands down best wings in scarborough and maybe even in the gta ! thanks to yelp for introducing me to this place..it 's been me and my fianc\u00e9es go-to joint for wings . the wings are huge , juicy and they coat it with just the right amount of seasoning and sauce ! our favs are the chipotle cesar and the honey parm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long story short , everything was on point perfect , the service , the food , decor , location except the wobbly bar stools , the black second entrance door with no window , and the fact that they took away the deep fried cheesecake that i saw on the yelp photos . i literally tried all the stools in search of an even level 'd one but they appear all wobbly . when you enter , it 's kinda odd that you have to go through a second door that has no window . it reminded me of the broom closet door from my work . and i was actually looking forward to trying that deep fried cheesecake , never had that before lol . anyways , my waitress was pretty cool , the asian girl with the glasses and lip piercing . she seems cool to chat with while having drinks . i 'll definitly come back . and if she 's reading this , make sure you check out the series on netflix i was watching and i told you about , `` narcos '' . it 's a really good series !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wings too big yo , order less than you normally order at other places and play it safe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "positives : amazing atmosphere great staff plenty of tvs wings are amazing ! ! ! ! ! portions are incredible - $ 6 for a huge plate of fries tons of tvs negatives : i wish they were a bit bigger so they could accommodate more people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! i 've been here about 4 times with a different crowd each time and it has never disappointed me or my friends . we always get the combo of wings and ribs with fries added with garpar sauce . i 've tried a few of the flavours and they all were really good . i do n't normally like beef but these ribs are decedent and so flavourful . the portions are huge and share-able between 2-3 people . waitresses have always been kind and welcoming . overall my favourite wings place i 've been to thus far . ps . come with an empty stomach !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for my birthday and i was n't expecting much but it was such an amazing place to have it at . the service was great . the servers were so nice and polite and they did n't rush us either . if you ordered something other than wings than it came quicker but it was definitely worth the wait . the wings were really juicy , large , and you could actually taste the flavour you ordered with the wings . the portions were huge especially he fries . it was a quiet place with many tvs so you 'd never be bored . but i would 100 % recommend this place and will definitely be going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best prices i 've seen at a sports bar in a really long time . beef ribs are a must , and their wings are massive + delicious . fanzone will be one of my favourite spots to catch a game in scarborough now . will definitely be coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best wings i have had in my life ! friendly staff and amazing service . a true gem in scarborough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to come and relax have a few pints and the wings are to die for . over 50 flavors of wings , staff is very friendly `` great service '' & friendly atmosphere ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got honey teriyaki wings and nacho fries . the wings were cooked perfectly and the fries were really good . i did n't know the portions were going to be so big . next time i 'm gon na have to split my meal with someone . the atmosphere is really great and our waitress was kind . overall the place is cool , i 'll be going there often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wings are huge .. i wonder how big the chickens that had these wings are .. i had the hot carribean jerk which tastes exactly the same as the jamaican jerk at allstars .. my brother had the homicide which was more salty than spicy .. my jerk wings were spicier .. service was good and fast .. music was bearable not to loud .. if only they had a real hot sauce", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent place , nice and clean with a nice atmosphere , got the wings and the works fries . gravy on the fries was actually excellent and the crispy fries worked well also . the wings were huge ... .but , easily forgettible . do n't get me wrong , the 100 plus selection of various wings were great ... .5 years ago , but now i 'd just rather have someone focus on something new or the ultimate chicken wing . the statement less is more could never be farther from the truth . nice experience hut not amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy cow if you love wings , do me a favour and please dine here . wings are massive and succulent , definitely set the bar high against other contenders . fries are bomb . beers are always crisp and cold . tv is always playing a game . happy belly = i 'm a happy felly : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on monday night for the 15 wings for price of 10 special and to try the wings out . the wings are gigantic compared to your usual wings that you 'd get from other sports bar ( 1.5 - 2 times the size of st. louis wings ) . we ordered the mexican fries , cajun dry rub wings , and chipotle caesar wings and were overly stuffed from the fries that we could only finish 5 wings each due to large portion sizes . only a few slight complaints . could not taste the seasoning on the dry rub well until the leftover wings were reheated the next day . the caesar overpowered the chipotle flavoring to the point where i could not taste the chipotle sauce . one thing to note . only 1 special coupon discount can be applied to the table , no combining .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered parmesan sweet potato fries , honey teriyaki wings and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e cheesecake . awesome food and great service ! we also received free t-shirts ! thanks ! we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge portions ! we were shocked by the serving sizes - onion rings , gar par wings , and beef ribs - and the great prices . everything was twice the expected size . wings were huge and fresh . rings were just ok. place was up to date , clean , and not that busy . will definitely be coming back to try more items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden gem indeed . this place has awesome selection of wings , fries and more . the best thing about it is that each booth has its own tv screen on top of the large tv screens hovering around the bar . sports fans will love this place , as it lives up to it 's name fanzone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very new wing place that is not a big chain . it is a tastefully decorated sports themed restaurant bar . tv 's at every booth and very clean . beer selection is pretty good for such a new establishment . now for the wings . yes ... there are many different types , they are very large , and flavorful ! however , if you like your wings hot like i do , you will be let down by the heat ... as an example , i bought homicide greek the last time i was in and could n't finish the pound i had ordered ! so , i brought some home . my wife tried them , and she thinks catchup is hot ! she agreed with me that these wings were not very spicy . considering i ordered from the hottest section of the menu , i would expect my wife to die trying to consume them . the pricing is reasonable given the generous portions and the staff are friendly . good job all around . but please . ... kick up the spice a little !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these are the biggest beef ribs . wings are huge and the selection of seasonings immense . greek salad is elevated beyond anything i ever thought i 'd say about , well ... . greek salad . sweet potato fries portioning leaves something to be desired ( a few more fries please ? ) . friendly staff make it one of my new favourites .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has the best wings ! they have the biggest most scrumptious wings i 've ever had . customer service was also top notch - they were friendly and patient ; they also gave us more napkins without us even asking . i will definitely come back soon ... my boyfriend is a real fan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could come here every other day..i would..it 's that good ! the wings are n't you typical `` small - one bite '' wings..they are huge..i mean huge . all the times i 've come here not one person in our table is able to finish a single order ! not only are the wings huge , the flavours are just insanely good . greek homicide will definitely blow your mind . the fries are amazing..even all the crazy fries like cheese fries ... garlic parm fries are just delicious . onion rings you can tell are n't frozen and unlike other places , there 's more onion than batter here ! amazing ! service is awesome . never had an issue . all the waitresses are super attentive and makes you feel really welcomed . if your a huge sports fan like i am..this is the place to be ! blue jays game..raptors games is all on the tv 's . you even have your own tv in your booth . i heard this place is hosting toronto raptors playoff parties so definitely go here if your fan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok i 'm kinda stuffed at the moment so this 'll be brief . the short story is - this place rocks ! the food is amazing - huge portions and always on point the service is fast and always friendly the owner is a sweetheart and greets his guests with a huge smile and makes sure u leave happy and full this is my go to place for wings - ribs - fries and ambiance . oh , did i mention the gazillion tv screens ? what r u waiting for ? helllloooo go try for yourself", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just awesome . the chicken wings are huge , they are really generous with the portions , and they are also delicious . i also got an order of half rack ribs . they were just delicious . the sauce was nic , and , the half rack is actually quite big . bigger then most places that 's for sure . definitely coming back to this place . 5 out of 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am m town on business from ohio and went by the reviews ... walking into the restaurant i could tell something was not right ... water main break outside the restaurant ... .i met boss steve and his crew and was so impressed in how they were handling the situation ... smiles and great service by all ... i had one of their burgers which was great but the best part of the encounter was how steve and his crew made me feel welcome . give this crew a 10 ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . came here with a party of 2 on a week night and was immediately seated . we ordered 2 sets of wings and kept the menu in case it want not enough for the both of us . the wings were bigger than your tradition wings at st louis or wild wings , not only did we not had to order anything extra but we had left overs to take home . there are plenty of choices on the menu and wings were juicy and delicious . they even give you a choice of a few dipping sauce . my only regret was not ordering the fries . bill came to ~ $ 25 , no longer have to wait til tuesdays to eat wings ! will be back next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've now been here four times and still have n't be disappointed . in my opinion the beef ribs are better than baby back . nevertheless great staff and great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been heretwice , . both times i had their wings only . the thing i liked the most was the size . these were big wings are for the typical prize you play at other joints . the waitress told me they sell by amount not weigh which is good . the waitress ( mary ) was pretty knowledgeable and had great suggestions for what i should try . i like sweet wings so i had to go with honey mustard and maple . she added bbq at my request with no issue . they were favourful , just mustard overpowered the sweet side . which lead to her suggesting the creole mustard ( i had n't hear of it before ) next time i was in that what i got . they have a few special that are n't advertised but she was kind of enough to tell me . fanzone was definitely different from most wings places with service , size of the wings and so much more . i still plan on going back a few more times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here on a friday night . wings were large but was just ok . there was too much breading that made me full after a few wings . beer felt watered down . on the plus side we had the ultimate fries which was very good . i have n't tried the other items on the menu .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the owner- steve is an all around class act . if you want quality- go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looked online to see what restaurants to try on a friday night tired of the regular fare around the area . came across fanzone and was impressed by the reviews . first off its a little hard to find when driving on kennedy and the gps doesnt help . eventually found the place pulled up first impression of the outside was not good blacked out windows and green trim lighting makes it look a bit like a dive bar or possible strip club . went inside impressed with the interior the exterior does not do it justice . ordered rib and wing combo and the wife ordered wings only . cool booths with tvs . food was excellent the ribs were delish and the wings were tasty and big basically the meat you pull out your teeth after eating here is the same portion you get at wild wing . it was so good going back again with visiting relatives . keep up the good work . advice loose the dark windows", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i actually got overwhelmed by too many choices for wings . they are good but so far i have not been blown away by the wings so 3 star for that , but i am giving 5 star for their ribs and fries . the ribs are just that good ! falls of the bone and melts in your mouth . i have tried both half and full racks but the full is not exactly double in size . half has 4 bones but the full has only 6 ! i will keep trying new flavors for their wings on their wing days which is mondays . just a thought , i think the owner needs to change their sign , it is way too dark and small , it needs to shine and be visible to all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to celebrate my birthday . i highly recommend this place . interior and atmosphere is nice and modern . their bar looks sophisticated and the best part are the wings . wings are huge ! ! we ordered 100 pieces of chicken and was not disappointed . although our group ( 10 ) had their own preference we loves the honey parmasean and the garlic parm ( classic flavours ) . we also odered hot creole and cajun . we were n't a big fan of the hot creole . anyhow , service was prompt . our server kept coming back to refill our glasses without asking as well as change the bowl ( for bones ) as soon as it filled up halfway . try this place . i will definitely come back . i prefer this place compared to all star wings or wild wings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad we decided to check this place out . the wings are massive and oh so delicious . we got the honey hot creole wings , calamari and a cheeseburger . i have n't had calamari in a bar of this quality in a very long time . also , i 'm usually not a seafood sauce person but their sauce is really good . the portion sizes are far better than most places and its not just a bunch of breading around the calamari for example . the place itself is really nice , spacious and has tvs at every booth . the server we had , alli was also super nice and even let us stay for a few minutes after close until we finished our beers . ( it was a sunday ) if you live in scarborough i definitely recommend checking this place out for some seriously delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to cut to the chase . wings are huge . ordered the buffalo and hot honey teriyaki flavours . buffalos was alright but did n't like the teriyaki . the staff was nice and fast . the place looks clean and lots of tvs for your enjoyment . i will definitely come back to try other flavours . i should add soda beverages have free refills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a buffalo chicken wrap , it came with caesar dressing ... weird . should be ranch or blue cheese . maybe it 's a canada thing ... . anyway it was fine . nothing to write home about . they were actually out of ranch dressing i think which is super weird for a wing bar , right ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "felt like eating wings today so i came here with my bestie . we ordered onion rings , jalapeno poppers and double wings ( 2 flavours ) . service was fast . and our waitress was very nice . wings are huge . we had parmesan wings and honey bbq and it hit the spot . if you feel like eating wings but do n't wan na do the usual wild wings or all star then this place is a good spot to hit up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only ever ordered to go from here . when there is a raptors game on we call ahead and order for pick up and eat at home . serving sizes are great ! i am working my way through the flavours and so far they have all been delicious . fries are great and they also are served with great sizes . sometimes the people who pick up the phones can be curt and a bit rude . when i go in to pick up i have frequently had to wait for the staff to acknowledge me as they talk amongst themselves . does not give me much desire to eat in but the food is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was craving some wings while watching the jays win the al east division and found this place through yelp . the pictures we saw on yelp did not do this place justice . the wings are huge ( just a lil chewy ) ! ! ! dishes are good size portions and the prices were decent . one of the best things about this place is that every booth has their own t.v . so you can watch whatever you want ( just ask the server ) . the staff is friendly which is an added bonus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good large battered wings , good atmosphere for the nba game too . wings can be too saucy and soggy . overall great value", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to order take out . served immediately . one of the ladies was more helpful than the other but otherwise a good experience . wings were large and tasty ... ordered the jerk and suicide . there is so much variety . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here last night to watch the game and have some wings . place is pretty good on both accounts . food comes pretty quick and portions are massive for the price you are paying . the wings themselves are pretty big as well . for our appetizer , we ordered the mozzarella sticks ( comes with 2 choices of dip , i took the cajun ) . also got a plate of onion rings . really good size helping for $ 5.99 . the wings were on special ( mondays - you get an extra 5 ) . i ordered a dry lemon pepper . flavour of the rub was good . my friend wanted something more saucy and ordered a honey chili covered in parm sauce . that wing was pretty good as well . would definately come back again if in the area , as there are tons of flavours to choose from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . clean & spacious with many tv 's . our server , alie , was prompt and very personable . had the wings , mexican fries and ceasar salad . all very good with very generous portions . the wings are super huge ... will try the more popular flavors next time as the ones our party ordered were just alright . excellent ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could put 0 stars i would since i was very disappointed with the way i was treated when coming in for an early dinner to catch the game . called 30 mins in advance to confirm if there are seats available , hostess advised that there is no wait for seats in the restaurant . upon arrival i was told that me and my girlfriend could n't get a booth seat because they wanted to reserve those seats for groups of 4 and that they had no other choice but to seat us at the bar , which is ridiculous seeing as the restaurant was practically empty when we got there . we came here many times before and had an overall good experience with food and their staff , but because of this , i will never come back , comes to show that the owner wants to prioritize making as much $ $ $ .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i need to sit down and talk to someone in the branch , this location and the one on village center are the ones i prefer . there is plenty of space and they have private dividers so other customers do n't have to ability to be as nosy . the location is convenient . there is a atm inside or plenty of tellers on hand to help you inside . i wish i could say more but that about sums it up lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to bank with chase right after the wamu merger . i was not impressed . there were a lot of bank charges and although the personnel were friendly i never got the feeling they were looking out for my interests . that all changed recently when i opened a new account . the staff was even friendlier than i remembered , the fees have been reduced and nearly eliminated , they have upgraded to scanning checks through your phone for deposit , atm card overdraft notice so you can cover the overdraft before being charged a fee , and eliminated deposit envelopes through the atm . sure there are still a few negatives such as the atm does n't give you a chance to pull back a check if a hold will be placed and i miss the custom atm cards at wf but overall i am very impressed with the new chase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to convert over to chase from another well known bank , and i 'm glad i did ! it was super easy to set up an account and they gave me free $ 200 just to open a new checking account ! frankie was the banker that helped me and he was so nice and friendly . ask for him if you go in ! very happy with the customer service so far : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had great experiences at this branch . both with the tellers and the sit down bankers . i recommend coming to this branch if you bank with chase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i come to chase they are very welcoming ! due to good history with chase they waived a $ 30.00 fee . thank goodness . plus they have suckers and coffee ! what more can you ask for : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure why it takes so long ( 15 minutes ) to cash a simple check . and , now they charge you $ 8 to sit around and get attitude since i no longer have an account with chase . glad i no longer bank with this poorly run institution .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is always great . but they are under staffed and there is n't ever a time where there is n't a long line . they need another chase in the summerlin south area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "j pizza plus is the cheapest pizza in the city by far , and it is totally edible . i kind of want to stop my review there , because it about sums it up , but i 'll go into more detail . it is run by a muslim family , so there are no pork products , meaning their pepperoni is not pepperoni , so i go for their veggie slice . their slices are sometimes dried up , but they are $ 2 . who does n't love a bargain ? when ordering a full pizza ( massive party pizza for $ 24 with , like , all of the topics ) i recommend getting extra cheese . extra cheese solves most food problems , after all . i also like their samosas and curried chicken , but stay away from their poutine . i love all poutine , even bad poutine . it is just so bad . pepper point : they used to put up pizza pizza ads in their windows and cut off the part that said pizza pizza and just use their exact walk-in specials . funny shit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place really is gross . i 've seen with my own eyes rats come out their stove and go back in , like they 're playing ! and the woman there is standing by the window with her whole hand in her mouth . complete disregard for cleanliness .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is gross . it 's like a health and food inspector 's nightmare . the pizza looks like it was baked five years ago and made of melted plastic , which prompted us to try the biryani , which looked a bit better . fast-forward eight hours later , and we both have severe food poisoning . also while we were there they refused to make change for this girl , and i 'm pretty sure it was just cuz she was black .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good hardware store . watches , pots pans , watch batteries , paint etc . everything you could want . not the best of gear but it will suffice anyone . it 's local to me , i go there often . staff ok . if you need a good hardware store and local , this is the place for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a & a traders ( the twin shop to the neighbouring food store ) must be doing a bit of competition with adeel the 'mobile phone ' shop because they sort of sell the same stuff . the shop front is very old fashioned and i would n't think this place has been refurbished very recently . it 's the sort of place you would expect to see down a wee derelect side street in blackpool or something , but that is n't meant in a disrespectful way . these stores have character , they have stories , and most of all , they usually have a cracking , friendly owner who would go out of their way to help you , which this shop does . fancy goods , watch batteries , curtain poles , pots and pans , glasses , spray paint ... you name it , they 've got it ! if you 're on the look out for , well , anything really then a & a is a great place to look !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a shop selling cookware , electrical goods and a bit more thrown in for luck it 's well stocked and holds a good range so you can choose between a few models and makes for each item . the prices here are also very good so if you do have a flat or house that needs furnishing it is worth going out of your way to come here - you rarely see such good value for money . as a shop it 's hard to fault ; they offer a large range of models at reasonable prices selling almost everything you might need .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sub-par wares . i bought a cheap usb car charger from a & a traders for a short road trip . the build quality was shoddy and it did n't work with my iphone 5 . very inconvenient . when i went to return it , they put up a fight , telling me that usb is n't a standard ( ? ! ? ! ) , that usb chargers have to be used with the cables they come with , that apple cables and phones are non-standard , etc . etc . after a while they did return my money but i would n't trust anything else they sell there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic naturopathic care can be found here at the hands of dr 's makoto and aileen trotter . they 're both incredibly intelligent , caring , empathetic , and resourceful . their approach is holistic , and they tailor recommendations based on their patient 's needs and wants . as a chiropractor , i have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending them to my patients and friends , and have been using their services for myself and my family for years now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. trotter is excellent at what he does . i 've never felt pressured to try and fit into some `` ideal '' or to purchase any supplements or other products . he focuses on what the individual needs to obtain optimal health including diet and lifestyle . that said , he is practical in his approach to helping you achieve overall health and all suggestions he makes consider the entire person . i see dr. trotter as a partner in my health care team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prior to visiting zentai wellness , i was having digestive problems that could be classified as irritable bowel symtoms . before providing me a regiment to deal with these issues , makoto sat with me to really understand what my daily eating and lifestyle habits were . i liked this approach because it tried to identify the causes of some my symptoms and to try and cut them out first before providing a means to treat the symptoms . this has led to big changes in terms of how what i eat , the suppliments i take , and today i am 30 pounds lighter and stronger-irritable bowel symtoms are virtually non existent . i have also learned alot in regards to nutrition and supplements and how they can help me fight illnesses such as the common cold to high blood pressure . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw dr. makoto trotter a few times , and although i think he 's very personable , i would n't recommend going there for actual treatment . he did n't seem very knowledgeable , and ultimately did n't help me one bit with any of my issues . other reviewers of makoto have said that he seemed more like a salesman , and i agree . he makes you quite uncomfortable by constantly pushing to sell his supplements . often assuming that you are already buying it as he is `` recommending '' his product . i blew hundreds of dollars on useless tests and supplements , and that 's after declining a whole bunch of other useless products that he `` recommended '' ( i.e. , adds it to your bill as you walk out unless you specifically decline ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i hired erika back in the summer of 2014 ... to sell my home ... i had only lived there one year..so was worried i would not be able to sell ... ..well ... she sold my home in 28 days ! ! ! ! she was advertising everywhere..put sign in my yard with fliers as well as calling contacs . .she also helped me find my dream home ... .she totally listened to my needs..what area etc i was looking for ... and what a journey it was..she was a joy to work with..wonderful personality and extremely professional ... i highly recommend erika ... whether you are buying or selling ... she has alot of knowledge about areas too..which really helped me as i was looking for a safe area ... .should i ever need to sell again ... i will be calling erika ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erika is a rare breed of real estate professional who truly understands the power of going above and beyond what is typically expected from agents within this intensely competitive market . our barrier from homeownership was closing costs . yet , erika 's assertiveness , approachability authenticity and proven expertise allowed us to take advantage of a little known statewide grant ( free money ) and we closed within 15 days ! she skillfully navigated us through the qualification process and this `` free money '' need not ever to be repaid . bottom line , erika produced astounding and authentic r e s u l t s .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erika was excellent ! she knew a lot about every neighborhood and really listened when i told her what i was looking for ! she constantly stayed in contact and anytime i needed something or had questions she was there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seit jahren eine top adresse um den abend zu verbringen . das personal ist immer super nett . kleine speisen ( burgen , d\u00f6nerteller , salat , ... ) sind lecker . es gibt 4 billard-tische , dart und einige automaten . im sommer kann man auch sch\u00f6n draussen sitzen . unbedingt mal hingehen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einfach super , personal und chef sind klasse . jeder wird mit freude begr\u00fc\u00dft und der chef sorgt f\u00fcr das leibliche wohl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "es ist ein gem\u00fctliches ambiente im sommer sitzpl\u00e4tze draussen coole musik und spielgelegenheit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small compact boutique packed w : shiny platform shoes hot dresses metallic leathers cutting edge fashion patent , patent , patent ! ! ! vibrant color schemes ask for yuko , she is patient , unpretentious and willing to search the ends of the earth for your most desired item . the asst manager is great also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always nervous walking into a new boutique store ; so many times i 've been met with rude or pretentious people . i soon learned this ysl boutique is the best ! it is small but has a great selection of items ; purses , jewelry , clothing , and a room of shoes ! everyone seemed super positive and nice , but my shout-out goes to lisa ! lisa is super honest , laid back , and a total sweet heart . she helped me pick out a few very nice things that still bring a smile to my face ! she even remembered my favorite colors and emailed me later with some things she knew i 'd love . i ca n't wait to visit and hopefully use my gambling earnings here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my taupe patent clutch ! ! ! i rolled in in super ghetto gross attire ( had been walking around drunk losing money at each black jack table all day ) yet lien did not make me feel like a loser at all ! she was so helpful and listened to what i was looking for and led me right to it . so i gambled my money here and guess what ? ? ? i won !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuko is the girl that helped me on my first visit , and made me fall in love with this label . i adore the accessories for men . i have n't visited due to work , but i will soon . i highly recommend to ask for yuko because she has patience , is honest , has a humble personality , and is always pleasant . yay for ysl . i wish they carried a larger selection for men but you ca n't have everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got great gifts for the woman in my life , my mom ! ! what were u thinking ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuko also helped me pick out and then purchase a few gifts around mother 's day for my mom and she was uber-helpful and like the other reviewer said , totally unpretentious . the place is tiny but packed and wonderful . only women 's goods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car here to have the left rear catalytic converter replaced . i was charged $ 635 and thought i was getting a deal since the dealership said it would be about $ 900 for them to do . since then i 've had the right rear converter replaced , which only cost $ 300 ! the muffler shop i went to this time ( in california ) told me i had an after market front catalytic converter in the left rear . i called frank 's mercedes service to tell them of the situation , only to find out that they `` purge '' records . i do not recommend for anyone to take their car here , and will think about changing my review , only if they make it right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my wife 's 2012 mini in to get her seat belt fixed . i had them check a rattling noise i was hearing in the engine also . after waiting 3 days for my car on a simple seatbelt fix . they charged me 660 dollars ! ! for the seatbelt and for two diagnostic test . wow almost 250 extra on diagnostic test . they explained two me that i was charged because the mechanic had to drive my car around the block . i would never set foot in this business again . i would rather take my business to the mini dealership . i owned a 5 series bmw before and dealt with desert bmw , european motor cars , and european house of imports . never have i felt so violated . if you 're considering frank 's that 's your prerogative but you been warned ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to appreciate that frank 's gave me a call to improve my opinion of them , but unfortunately , i have moved away from the vegas area . on top of all that , my car is having a hard time holding its idle after the work i had here . i 'm going to have it worked on again ... .somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overpriced and terrible customer service . yes , you are paying for frank 's luxury showroom . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the halo headlight in my bmw x5 was out , so i purchased a new one at an auto parts store . when i try to replace it , i found out that is not that easy . i called franks european service and told the advisor that i would like to have the light bulb installed . he said , come over and we 'll take a look and if is just the light bulb , then we will install it for free . so i took my x5 and they installed the light bulb for free ! this is great customer service imo . the facility is nice and clean . i 'll be using franks for my future service needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say there customer service is great , however i frown upon the fact that they charge $ 115.00 right off the bat just to look at something that needs a repair which binds you to have the repair done there or you lose your money . i wouldnt mind paying that on a large repair but for a small repair like a broken stearing wheel lock , it can be very pricey . not sure if i want to go back to have this done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall it 's fine . i use them quite a bit . just never seems to go smoothly . the labor is much cheaper than going to a dealer but parts are still marked up quite a bit . they 've dented my hood on two separate occasions and even had to repaint it once . another occasion i was called and told my car was ready . when i arrived two hours later my car was still on the lift and was n't even cleaned up . never had an issue with the actual work done on my car . just always seems to be a head ache .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bellow average . a inspection just a $ 10 cheaper than fletcher jones , loaner is 15 yo e class with 150k+ mileage , quality is average as well - had to come back in a week to fix some shortcomings ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they know more than i do but i was n't really impressed . had to keep taking the car back and i eventually wasted way more money than the car was worth ... and it still does n't run right .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had an appointment at 9am for an oil change . i got there 20 minutes early hoping to get an early start . 3+ hours later still not done . i was told three times by the rep it 's almost done and it 's getting washed . when i finally got it , first they put the wrong brand of oil in it instead of mobile synthetic they used castrol in it and car was n't washed . like others said before me , it 's only for show . never again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dave and the guys at franks are honest , straightforward and extremely pleasant and professional to deal with . i ca n't recommend this business enough ! they took care of my kids and i as we hit a snag traveling through vegas ... they we 're kind and courteous and generous . thanks all ! ! mercedes benz ml350 blutec", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks dave for the great customer service ! we were quoted a price and when it was done it did n't take as long as expected so the price was lower got an oil change and even a new battery for my key ! we appreciate the good service and will def be back if we ever have any other problems ( hopefully we dont ) but if we do you will be our first call ! thank you again our 750 is running great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! took my car there for a simple oil change . this oil change took two days ( got the car to them in the morning of the first day ) ! ! ! then they said it was leaking oil somewhere and they would have to diagnose it . brought it back on a separate visit and this took 2 weeks for them to figure out and `` fix '' the problem . i then go to pick my car up and it has scratches all over it that they said i did ! ! ! on top of that they did n't even put oil back in the car which i had to go back to have them put in . still to this day im still having issues with a oil leak that was supposed to be fixed . they quoted me over 1000.00 for a break change that i went and got done for 650 at a actual certified mechanics shop ! ! ! ! dont trust them with your car ! ! ! ! ill never take my car there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful facility , friendly knowledgable staff . i enjoyed my visit and so will you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "franks had great customer service and a very nice facility . unfortunately it is pretty expensive . great customer service none the less .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "experienced , and the only mercedes mechanic in las vegas that i have found that will not screw you . expensive ? yes , but i would rather pay someone honest , than getting screwed by any of the others . after all , getting screwed can be more expensive in the long run . i dont mind the first class service either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charged 20 % over their quote without prior authorization . also an enormous waste of time . should have read yelp first . though they were very nice , i will never use them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my 2005 chrysler 300c is really just a mercedes in detroit clothing . frank 's was able to align the front end to superb accuracy . while doing the service they noticed that the track arm bushings were installed incorrectly by another repair shop . by relieving the torque incorrectly placed upon the bushings , frank 's guys eliminated the shimmy , too . in short , i went in for an alignment and drove away with multiple repairs of other shop 's mistakes for the same price . plus they warrent the alignment for three years ! frank 's has my respect and i will not be going any where else for my repairs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been going to the henderson location for a year or so . we were also at the vegas location recently . we found the first visit was great in henderson , then we realized it was a one off . frank 's bills itself as something it is not . we did not find them efficient , honest , or forthright with anything after the first visit . at the last visit ( to the vegas location ) we were told we needed a new engine since we were late on our oil change and there was too much gunk in the engine for the car to run correctly . two visits to a jiffy lube with 2 engine flushes fixed that problem , and it only cost us $ 360.00 as opposed to multiple thousands ! i think frank 's should be more honest with customers so long term relationships are built instead of trying to make as much money on visits .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my car there about a year ago as it was running very rough . they charged me $ 300 and gave me a sheet of paper with an estimate of $ 5000 some odd dollars of `` needed '' repairs but not a diagnostic of the problem i had . i asked them how much to fix the problems only and they said you have to do what 's on the sheet step by step in order to find the problem . what a joke ! ! i ended up taking my mercedes to a `` non-mercedes '' shop and they fixed the problems i had for $ 150.00 this place is rip-off ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while i have not have any repair work done on my 2010 glk by frank yet , i met the man at his soon to open location where discount tire used to be on the north side of rainbow , just south of lake mead . you all probably know the location best as being between joe crab shack , daves barbecue and nevada state bank . i had the most refreshing conversation with him about the concept of the service business . he came across as being honest and dedicated to both his employees and customers . he said the new location should be open by february , 2013 , at the latest and i , for one , am very anxious to have frank 's as an option before my warranty expires . i 'll let you know how it goes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "car blew up in utah and aaa towed us here . they were closed but called me immediately the next day and began service right away . they were willing to haggle with my warranty company and keep the car stored safely when we needed to return to los angeles . we have since sold the mercedes amg because it was so well repaired at this auto shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misdiagnosed or tried to screw me . that was over a year ago now . it 's good to get a second opinion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not cheap , but great to deal with and beautiful facility . also cleaned my car like it has never been cleaned before - looks beautiful ! was able to do everything over the phone and by email . just awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place they have amazing customer service ! the down part yes they are some what expensive but if you own an expensive car or have a european car most likely the parts and maintenance is going to be expensive that 's a given , but they treat their customers amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my service given to me here they were nice professional even showed me the messed up part on my car . the price was not too bad considering i have a mercedes . they made me feel happy about getting my car service for sure going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they worked on the transmission in my 2006 mercedes e350 about 5 months ago before i moved to south lake tahoe , and we had no problems . however , this last week i moved back to las vegas , only to get here and have the transmission not come out of first gear . seeing how all this transmission work was done less than 6 months ago , i am hoping and praying that they will take care of the issue with no further cost to me . i am having it towed there now . we shall see if they can keep their 5 star rating with me . i will keep you posted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my wifes car to franks for a regular service and was realy happy to find out that when i dropped off the car they gave me a ride back to work , then when it was done they came back and picked me up . after i paid my bill i got in the car and the car was washed inside and out and a cold bottle of water for the ride home . just do n't find service like that anymore . my hats off to the guys at franks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . great customer service . they did a repair on a leaky gas tank or pump or something . two months later it started leaking . they stood by their previous repair and fixed it without a charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a fan of the local mercedes dealers service dept so randomly i meet this guy who gives me his card . generally i have used services of a dealership in california because that 's home and they have always treated me fabulous ... sad for sdmb they may have lost a loyal client . my panel was giving me a coolant message in this 110+ heat driving to san diego was n't going to be an option so i phoned dave e. he got me in quickly and to my surprise did a b service and a repair all in one day . never in the history of any dealership have i had such great service ! dave e. did a great job of keeping me notified by phone and had my car delivered clean and in nearly light speed . the standard of customer service received far exceeded my expectations and i 'm certain a saved a bundle of cash and also a great amount of time . i pledge my patronage to franks european ! great job guys problem solved ! my car and i are equally happy ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently went to jack astor 's with a large group , and it was my first experience . my colleagues described it as a canadian tgi friday 's . but i 'll have to say that my experience far exceeded tgi . first of all , the place is more trendy and upscale than tgi friday . secondly , the service here was amazing . the attractive and enthusiastic servers were responsive , never responded to our many requests with a `` no '' or a sneer , they were fun , and my food and drink came promptly . i enjoyed the calamari , which was standard but tasted fresh and was served in a large portion . i had the chicken and shrimp fajitas -- which was an accommodation to my request for both -- and they were delicious . i loved the spice or marinade that they used . while jack astor 's is not going to win a james beard award for wine or innovative cuisine , the food is right on point , the price is reasonable , and the service is excellent . and the experience was fun . nicely done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their portions are insanely small . i usually eat at jack astors either at the shops of don mills or scarborough town and compared to what i get there this is a joke . the hamburger 's are so small . i ordered a buffalo chicken fingers meal and it looked like a kids meal . it was ridiculous . the chicken were the size of my pinky finger . the waiter also messed up my order and gave me regular fries instead of sweet potato which i ended then with both . i have no idea how they can serve this type of food and how people actually still eat there . me not coming to eat baby food again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for supper this evening . had the board nachos . ordered sour cream on the side and did n't receive it . my friend also ordered them with no cilantro but still got cilantro on her nachos ( she was told there was none on it when the waitress delivered them to the table ) . she also did not get the sides she ordered . the nachos are not filling so i had to order sweet potatoes fries with my order to get filled up . my friends had desserts which were delicious . i am . it sure why but as soon as the sun went down , we had bugs attacking us at our table including crawling up and down my hand before i killed it . could see bugs flying in the lights . pretty gross when they went in our food too . probably wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jack astor 's is a typical sports bar . in canada , that 's pretty typical - and pretty important . it 's a very popular spot for locals who come , especially , for the beer cheese soup . of course i had to try it ! it was very good and comes served a shot glass of beer . but , just put it aside , our server told me , it 's not real beer . hmmm . that would 've been far more fun for me if it was ! the rest of my meal was okay . i ordered the fish & chips and it was a huge portion - more than i could eat . but really heavy on the breading . my recommendation ? stay with the beer soup and order a burger and a brewskie here . you wo n't go wrong !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is what it intends to be . good food ( never frozen ) , friendly staff , reasonable prices . staff are very accommodating to families with young children ( we have 2 1 2 yo twins ) and the kids menu is varied and the food delicious . great value for the family , and great bar for after-work drinks . for free wifi , just ask a server for the code .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great , friendly & fast service . delicious pan roasted garlic bread that i would die for . the only problem is their pasta is n't very good , neither are their nachos . their fries are delicious though , and i 've heard their burgers are really good too ( i 'm a vegetarian ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been to jack astors for a long time . i went there recently and was pleasantly surprised how much it has changed in the last 10 years . it seems to be more upscale , more mature in terms of decor and atmosphere , yet the food is still fun while vastly improved in terms of quality and offerings . i decided to try the holy smokes bbq burger . it was awesome . just as good as the montana 's burger i mentioned in that review . it was huge , tasted great , loaded with cheese , bacon , breaded fried onions , hot peppers , etc . was great ! great presentation and quality . everyone at the table had the same experience with what they ordered . service was great as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a good spot for lunch or dinner . fast , friendly and if you have any issue with a meal they insist on making it right . although i prefer family owned and unique spots , jack astor 's has a winning recipe and i am rarely disappointed . ( one pet peeve however is that i was just told by my server that their pint glasses of beer are 18 ounces and they they try and upsize you for a fee to jacks size ... how about giving me an actual 20 oz pint in the first place ? )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place , very good food , nice staff . a waiter spilled an entire ice cream sundae on me once . i would recommend it , it 's a fine restaurant , just do n't wear your best clothes there because apparently the wait staff has a bad grip . ( lol ) but seriously , go , of all the jack astors i know of , this is a really nice location . update : i 'm being sent coupons for my incident , so obviously they 're good people !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is okay as well as the seating arrangement nothing special though , staff is fairly freindly and they have a good selection of food bit nothing stands out ( as i said earlier ) it was about a twenty minutes for 4 people to get there full meal which is pretty decent for my family and i , speaking of family they enjoyed it as well although where we were sitting none of the televisions were in our view if anyones going there expecting a unique experience don bother , but still a good choice if your looking for a meal after the theater , laser tag or any of the other activities in the area might stop there again but wont go out of my way ( on a side note we had to wait fifteen minutes for a booth )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yep it 's a chain but good quality and always consistent . garlic bread with cheese and the sauced up chicken fingers are staples for a reason . try the lemon concoction too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to eat , even for my birthday or halloween dinner . also great for a christmas eve dinner also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for beer and appys . hot day today over 30 and the ac was broken in the lounge . the service was mediocre we had at least 4 different waitresses . food was ok but the asian nachos should be done differently you can not take them apart to eat you get a giant glob .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for years for dinner . always had a great experience . except for this one time . staff was too disorganized . my daughter got the hamburger and asked for pickles and mustard . the waitress said that comes on the side . no problem there . when her food arrived there were no pickles or mustard . so i asked the waitress if we could get it . it took a little bit . so my daughter is sitting there waiting to eat . my partner ordered the bow tie pasta dish . the waitress said someone else is right behind me with the pepper and cheese . well no one showed up . it was totally disorganized ! we dont want to give up on you jack astors . we hope our experience is better next time ! or we wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "go here if you want the most disgusting fajitas that you have ever experienced . mexicans would all roll over in their graves if they seen jack astors version of fajitas . unbelievable ! the service - the hostess was totally unfriendly and could n't stop yawning at 6:30 at night ? the waitress was friendly but we had to go get cutlery ourselves when the meal ( ? ) came . would never in a million years go back there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was great and service was prompt . atmosphere was spoiled by an alarm going off in the kitchen every 2 minutes , loud enough to be heard throughout the restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i want to like this place . i 've tried a few dishes from here and it 's just not special , no wow factor . i never hear anyone say , `` i 'm craving jack astors . '' their drinks are good and they have lots of tvs in the bar area . there 's nothing there i ca n't get at any sports pub .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome customer service just got an email from the manager apologizing and offering coupons a+", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , service is friendly and efficient . they cater well for kids too . i really like the burgers , and my wife loves their desserts . it can get very busy at times , but there is a bar section where you can order the same food if the wait is long in the restaurant section .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have paper on the tables and supply crayons for you to draw with whilst you wait far too long for your food to be served . food was decent , as the way of most chains now though , it 's too expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service : friendly . the hostess did n't know how to tell us that we could n't leave our stroller at the end of our table . she fumbled for 5 minutes before moving us . decor : same as any other chain restaurant . food : satisfactory . i had a cheese and mushroom quesadilla with 3 different kinds of mushrooms . there were only cremini mushrooms in it . maybe the other ones got lost ? our plates came out pretty fast . review : we were grabbing a quick bite to eat next to the highway . it was a quick bite and the food was okay . reason for stars : although the service was good the food was mediocre at best . i will probably return when we are in the area but i do n't know if i would go out of my way to go . but in all fairness , i probably would n't go out of my way to go to any chain restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome food and atmosphere . he service is excellent , prompt and courteous . the poutine and chicken finger are terrific and this is far better than any boston pizza that i have set foot into , jack astor 's is a pleasant place to hang out with friends , while providing good food and a good selection of beer . jack astor 's is a very good restaurant with a wide variety of times to chose from , and it 's a pleasant place to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a straight male like me , your sense of fashion has probably never evolved much past third grade . button-down 501 's oxford button down shirt roper boots so try thaku 's . the owner , neil , has dressed me for years . i simply go in , tell him the nature of the event , and he picks out the perfect outfit . i 've got yellow , purple , and red sport coats . linen pants . silk ties . and custom made shirts that allow you to count my entire thirty pack . crazy awesome props to neil for making me look not only fashionable , but gay enough to get hit on by even the cutest of dudes . i do n't believe i just said that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my experience a few years ago , i have gone back to thaku and i am happy to tell everyone that their customer service and clothing selection is second to none . if you are looking for quality clothes that fit and look good , this is your store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thaku 's menswear is a great place to shop if you are short , tall , or large . i can wear any 36 short blazer off the rack perfectly with no tailoring . their khaki and dress pants also fit my waist perfectly , but i usually have to tailor them for length since i am only 5 foot 3 inches ( 135 lbs ) . i buy all of my pants from them , and i will probably buy dress shirts from them once my custom tailor made shirts wear out . they have some cool pictures with sports players in their shop too ( phoenix suns ) . both owners are super cool and super helpful . i know i 'll be ready for my next business meeting at work with customers and certification authorities when i 'm wearing their clothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely place , great prices , quality , and staff ! wifi available , which is a great bonus . it 's clean , comfy . the apple crumble muffin , the caramel latte and the fresh smoothies are to die for . never found better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a place for me to come every day for a great cup of coffee if i live in toronto , canada . the people works there are warm , friendly and great customer service provided . impressive space designed by the owner , they created a pleasant atmosphere with great amount of details in the design . every square foot of this space have been thought about and carefully touched . just wait until you see the bath room . i thought i was in a 5 stars hotel caf\u00e9 . not a usual caf\u00e9 shop i can experience at my home town in san francisco . the latte was excellent and loves it with great presentation . the dessert was excellent also with carefully touch . typical caf\u00e9 shop will just serve you the dessert out cold from the cooler displace case . they purposely warm it for better flavor to serve with a beautiful cup of latte . well done and i would give 6 stars if they have lighting illuminate the store front .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a sweet and lovely independent coffee house in the starbucks - tim horton 's - timothy 's - second cup populated davisville neighbourhood . i had the cucumber and mint tea and a loaf of marbled chocolate bread . omg - that bread was fresh and delicious ! the presentation is so delicate and charming . the place is quite spacious and there was only 1 other patron ( ~5:30pm on a weekday ) . the other people inside where the staff and family . it worries me they may not break even ! the bathrooms are sparkling clean and they have used tasteful elements to decorate it . ... i think they should add afternoon tea to their service ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for an afternoon coffee and treat with a pal . the decor of this place is really nice ! i love the pattern on the wall ; the swirls almost make you feel relaxed ( in a strange way ) . you will also notice how clean this place is . as soon as guests leave , their area is cleaned up and ready for another set of guests . i ordered the latte - presentation was great , with latte art and all ! i broke my no-sweets diet and ordered an oreo brownie . it was quite rich , but delicious . close to davisville station , there 's also heaps of ( free ) street parking around . a solid four star establishment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best vanilla lattes i have ever tasted ! it has a pure vanilla flavour without the excessive sweetness that flavoured lattes tend to possess . the brewed coffee was also delicious ; dark and strong without being bitter . they have a full menu of fair trade coffee and tea options to choose from and the staff will adjust the drink to suit your preference . the baked goods did n't really appeal to me for breakfast but the brownies would make a great late night treat along with your delicious latte ! the inside is clean and comfortable . not exactly cozy , but i agree with the reviews calling it sleek . its a really nice place to go for a relaxing chat . i will definitely go back ! i 'm looking forward to trying more things from their menu including the macadamia nut latte . update : i changed the rating to 3.5 after trying some other lattes . they 're really sweet even at half the original sweetness , its still a nice place to meet up with someone for a relaxing brew .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an alright independent coffee house , will make you an average cappuccino or other espresso drinks of choice , snacks are also alright , nothing noteworthy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my first visit today to this new independent cafe , which i 'm happy to see in the neighbourhood . the owners have clearly put solid effort in to the clean , modern decor , as well as their produce offer . coffee is ground and made fresh by the cup using some sort of gadget ( maybe an aeropress type thing ? ) , and there is a wide selection of treats , some made in-house and some brought in . one of the people working there recommended a freshly baked croissant ( plain or chocolate ) with my coffee . it did n't take a lot of persuading for me to say yes to that . atmosphere is quiet and peaceful . they also have a small ( 4 table ) street side patio . $ 5 for a large coffee and a freshly baked croissant . i 'll be back for more without a doubt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this might sound random considering this place is primarily a coffee house , but this review is just for the rainbow salad . i work down the street and whenever i 'm in the mood for a light lunch , the rainbow salad is one of my go-to 's . at $ 9.60 after tax it 's not the cheapest salad by any means , but i enjoy it . it 's available with sliced chicken breast or tuna salad ( both good but the tuna is my fave ) and a choice of 3 dressings : balsamic , ginger or honey dijon . i 'm a balsamic kinda gal myself . um yeah that 's pretty much it . salad fans unite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their salmon and green mango sandwich with the matcha latte . excellent and super friendly owner and staff . comfortable place , very recommended for leisure or couple spending cozy time together . very clean and classy washroom as well . nothing to bug about for this coffee place ! ! i 'd love to come over and over again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming to rachel 's coffee house . a small cosy cafe near yonge and davisville with a good customer service . love their biscotti .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rachel 's is a cute little coffee house . nice ambience , comfortable seating and excellent service . i recommend the chocolate almond coconut biscotti and the cappuccino .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liked the coffee , the pastry and the vibe . and i make sure to go back when i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so many high reviews once again set my exceptions way too high . i thought i was going to walk into a place filled with desserts on display but sadly there were only a few options for dessert . i ended up only getting a vanilla ice latte as it was a really hot day . the drink was really good and service was really fast . no complaints about this place other than the lack of dessert selection . i say the butter tarts and knew they are from maid 's cottage . i have tried them already and they are amazing but i ca n't give credit to rachel 's coffee house for another companies hard work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute spot to hit up with friends or just sit on the patio and people watch ! surprisingly this is a pretty decent size place with plenty of seating - the front seating has nice comfy chairs and there is additional seating in the back . i tried the mango tango and it was delish ! you ca actually taste the mango and they make it fresh for you - all blended in front of you . i have n't tried any of the food but from other reviewers comments the food seems to be good so i will definitely get a bite next time i am in . the staff are really friendly , the decor lovely and the patio in front make it a winner for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best matcha lattes around . their sandwiches are decent and come with a lovely side salad with a choice of dressings . also , really good cookies . it 's not really cosy , and the seats are n't all that comfortable to be honest . my personal preference is to grab and go . but on the occasions that i have stayed , service has been polite and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as i 'm sitting here welcoming spring with the rain , sipping my iced vanilla latte , i just had to write an awesome review on rachel 's ! the service , the atmosphere , the price all fit in perfectly . as a coffee addict i have to say these guys make amazing iced coffees ! i 've made my match and will be coming back for more tomorrow ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of toronto 's best independent coffee houses . the coffee is superb , the staff is friendly and polite ( they even open the door for you as you leave with your coffee ) , the seating area is modern , clean and neat and the baked goods are fresh and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my fave coffee houses in this neighbourhood . it 's a great location right along yonge and has a lovely interior . it makes you feel very cozy and like your having coffee at home and not along a busy road . the staff is absolutely kind and welcoming i can not give enough praise for this place ! prices are very fair for text generous amount of coffee you get too ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent coffee and baked goods , good vibe , active . recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rachel 's coffee house - the hangout of stroller moms , work-from-home hipsters and the most bomb diggity dirty matcha in midtown . i would also recommend the matcha lemonade which is made in house . soooooo delicious ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being new to the city i decided to support a local business rather than going to a starbucks . the staff seem nice greeting regulars with a smile i thought i was going to be in for a nice afternoon coffee . i had to wait a couple of minutes just to pay for my bottle of water . no big deal . i understand it was busy . there internet does n't work which was the primary reason for me to try this new place to begin with . i will give it a try again , but the internet thing needs to be fixed . that 's a huge concern .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rachel 's \u00e0 la mountain view coffee - 100 % fair trade and organic butter tarts from maid 's cottage ! http : www.yelp.ca biz the-maids-cottage-newmarket rachel 's coffee house does everything right ! the staff here is cheerful ! love the little patio outside ! the only sad thing is my cappuccino though good tasting but has no latte art since it was a classical `` dry '' version.. maybe i need to request for one ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't wow-ed by this place but the coffee was good , service was good and well priced . try the mocha espresso . well worth it . nice and quiet when i went there as well so if you are looking for something a bit more intimate , i 'd give it a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great coffee spot in the eglinton davisville area . the staff are always super nice and they make great lattes . the interior is very relaxing and there is also quite a bit of natural light if you sit near the front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "years ago i was in an auto accident , i went to the insurance company , they said they would give me $ 9,000 . i went to hastings and 9 months later , i got the same amount the insurance company said they would give minus the attorney fees . hastings did absolutely nothing . i still have medical issues with no help . every time i see their commercials , it makes me cringe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hey hastings and hastings -- here 's your update . the rude , hostile , snotty girl who answers your phone told me i had no case and absolutely refused to let me speak with an attorney . phillips and lyon just got us an accident settlement offer of almost $ 15,000 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best law firm in arizona . could not have been more impressed with the result and the discount fee helped me get a higher settlement ! thanks everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rear-ended one morning and called hastings and hastings for an appointment to see if i should proceed with an attorney . i asked for a consultation and ended up talking to joseph brown . i decided to take my accident to this law firm . the work that joseph brown did for me , along with his paralegal megan , was so proactive and thorough that my case was settled within 2 months . i was very pleased that i used hastings and hastings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say how happy i am with hastings & hastings right now . i came to them about 9 months ago after my accident and today i received my settlement . everyone there was very nice and helpful . my attorney 's paralegal always responded to my emails quickly which really impressed me . i 'm so pleased with my experience with them that i had to write a review !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a car accident a few months and i could not be happier with the outcome . my attorney , sean hennick did a fantastic job , made this difficult process seem easy . i would definitely recommend sean hennick to anyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are great ! they do preliminary questions to make sure that you are n't wasting your time ( or theirs ) . they stand up for you and do what is right for you . ca n't say enough positive comments on how they handled my case . they are responsive to emails and follow up . they only take legitimate cases and do n't subscribe to `` frivolous '' lawsuits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter got in a car accident and joseph brown took excellent care of us . he was professional and always forthcoming . communicated with us every step of the way . he made sure my daughter was taken care of and referred us to the right people . when we had some of our own people to use , he never pushed back . in the last 4 months , i have yet to feel pressured by this law firm . mr. brown has been incredible and he 'll have our family as clients for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not be more pleased with the service i received from attorney joseph brown and his staff at the chandler hastings and hastings office . beginning with my consultation , i felt like i had his full attention . throughout my case , he provided me with regular and thorough updates . his staff responded sincerely and promptly to me as well . having mr. brown on my side made this process feel easy . in the end , he negotiated a settlement far beyond my expectations . i would highly recommend joseph brown to anyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hastings and hastings handled my claim after i had tried to deal with insurance company myself . erwin explained the whole process to me at the initial consultation and i was very happy with the result !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hastings and hastings is the best ! thank you so much for all the hard work you did but most of all , for just being there when i had questions . i used a different firm in my last accident ( 2006 ) and never thought i would use an attorney again . they acted nice at first but after signing they were horrible . at hastings , sean hennick ( sp ? ) handled my case and was awesome . ask for him if you can ... i was so scared after my accident but after meeting him , i could tell he knew what i was going through and was going to help . after that , their office handle pretty much everything ... i could focus on getting my life back to normal . it was great to not have to worry about anything ... thank you . i would recommend them and specifically sean to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was represented by sean hennick . he helped get my medical bills paid , i could not be happier with the outcome . thank you hastings and hastings for being so compassionate and helping me in my time of need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vet experience ! staff and doctor were great ( friendly , caring , & skilled ) ! our husky wound up with bilateral ear infections and the staff was able to accommodate same day visit ! and they are affordable ! we will definitely go back when or if we ever need the vet again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "katz & dogs is awesome ! i brought my senior pooch in to get his teeth cleaned , and they did an amazing job with as much care as i would have given him myself~ dr. katz and all of the staff are clearly animal lovers and they treated my dog with such compassion and patience that i actually felt comfortable leaving my dog in their care . a full dental cleaning is a serious undertaking , especially for a geriatric pooch - tom was gentle with his exam and dr. katz clearly answered all of my questions before admitting potato . this place is truly amazing and the staff is friendly , helpful and skilled = awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took one of my cats here for a long overdue round of vaccinations . this is a preventative clinic and not a place to take your sick pets , which is fine by me . it makes for a much shorter wait . the clinic is rather small , especially if two or more large dogs are in the waiting area . staff is generally ok , although only the veterinarian said hello to me . the vet techs and receptionist pretty much directed me what to do and were n't really into small talk . but whatever ; i 'm at a animal clinic and i 'm being too critical . if you just want to get your pets vaccinated or fixed for reasonable prices , this is the place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like this office . easy to schedule an appointment and reasonable prices . i definitely recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took our kitties here after their perverse actions led me to believe that removing their man hood would be a good idea . my wonderful fiancee did all the foot work and found the best deal for us that was near our house . dr. katz and her sister were super friendly and treated the kitties like they were their own pets . the cats still like to whine outside our door at 5am but apparently so do the docs . great experience overall and we will be coming back for any of our animal needs . thanks guys ! ! also was significantly cheaper than other vets we called !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonder group of people ! i have a teacup chihuahua that is very sensitive . it was a friday afternoon & something obviously wrong with my girls anal glands and no other vet had time to see my girl . even tho they are a wellness clinic they saw my baby girl and did the procedure she needed stitched her up and gave her antibiotics . they probably saved her life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. katz is awesome ! the staff are very friendly and attentive . the facility is accessible off the 101 , very clean and comfortable . prices are competitive ! my shihtzu had a bad tooth causing a multitude of symptoms and i called up for an appointment and was able to speak directly with dr. katz without even meeting her . they got us in right away and taken care of . i highly recommend this office for all your vet care needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for taking such good care of our extremely neurotic weiner dogs . yes , the girls were traumatized by the whole event ( a bird flying in the yard traumatizes them ) but you were so kind , gentle and loving with these animals . the fact that you have such great pricing makes it affordable for everyone to take care of their animals . thank you for opening on the west side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . me and my friends take our dogs to dr. katz when ever the need arises . they are easy to work with and are patient with the customers . you get great health care for your pets and it is pretty inexpensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with the service , care & affordable cost ! my puppy had a hernia repaired this morning & after taking note of my anxiety while dropping her off , dr. katz called me approximately one hour later to let me know the procedure was done , she did very well & was currently in recovery . i 've also taken one of my other dogs to this clinic for routine shots and was equally impressed . i 've already referred them to a friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are so pleased with dr. katz , her sister & the staff . our little girl , yorkie was spayed there & i was a nervous wreck ! ! ! not only were they great with out dog , they were great with me . they called me twice to let me know how she was doing . i 've already recommended them to so many people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very happy with this clinic ! we took our kitten to be spayed and the office was clean , and we met with dr. katz before dropping her off . the cost was only 70.00 ! i got a price from beardsley animal clinic and it was over $ 300 ! they charged extra for everything , including a pain package..what ? katz and dogs quoted me a price on the phone 70.00 and it was exactly that , everything included and no extras at all . i do n't see why there should be such a big difference in the price for this service . our kitty is doing fine and we are happy with this office , check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just needed to get rabies vaccine done for my dog . other places charge the visit fee plus the vaccine but this place just charged $ 25 for the vaccine . when i took my dog in , the vet did a full physical exam for her anyways , plus trimmed her nails without any extra charge ! ! very nice staff too . i 'm never going anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have multiple cats and take them to katz & dogs for their preventative care . we have always been treated very well and their prices are affordable . doctor katz is very personable . the clinic is clean . they do a large volume of business and i believe only take appointments in the morning and do surgeries in the afternoon . some of the negative reviews here are the proverbial `` you ca n't please everyone all the time '' . it 's not a perfect world people . if you have multiple pets you can save significantly by utilizing their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are so happy we were referred to dr. katz by amazing aussies lethal white rescue of az for the past year . now all 6 of our dogs see dr. katz for all their doggy needs ! the staff is always so friendly and great with the animals . dr. katz is a wonderful knowledgeable vet and we have the confidence of the world in her ! thank you for the fantastic care you give all of our animals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have three dogs and i only take my dogs here . this is not to say that there are not other good places to take your pets to , but none that are this great . everytime i go there they treat me and my pets like we are their focus of attention . their prices are reasonable , and you leave knowing that your pet is always in the best of hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went there today with my mom . it was a great clinic ! dr katz is wonderful ! the place is very clean . staff is very friendly . services are great along with their prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. katz is the best . my kitten charlie got spayed there and she was up on her feet in no time . highly recommend her for just about anything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my handsome little man got neutered here in november . i was very worried , as every dog parent would be , that something would go horribly wrong and my sweet boy would never be the same ! after speaking to the staff there , i knew i had no reason to be worried . the vet is really nice and made both my dog and i feel completely comfortable . he gets nervous getting groomed so to see him totally calm at a vet was great ! the procedure was terrific and he healed super fast ! another great thing about katz & dogs is that the pricing is wonderful . many other places charge hundreds of dollars for the procedure he had , but katz & dogs was extremely affordable . i highly recommend this place because you will not find a more reasonable deal or competent and caring staff anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! love this vet ... we got a new puppy and i took her in for well visit and found it was easy to get an appointment and the price was very reasonable ! the staff is wonderful - very friendly and accomadating ... even when i asked them to cover the scale with a towel to avoid parvo for my pup they did n't blink an eye ! dr. katz is knowledgable and i trust her judgement . we had to bring a stool sample back for bella since her diarhea worsened after our visit and both the fecal test and the meds were very reasonably priced and the testing was done while my husband waited ! super service ... will bring bella back and also bring our cat too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw dr. gonzalez . first time having her do my exam . i had a great experience . she was super friendly & professional . everything went efficiently & pretty swiftly . i really liked my experience . whole staff was great too . going to take my son in next friday for his exam . i highly recommend this place . very nice facility & eye wear shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just took my prescription to this place for glasses and the front staff young girls . note : it would n't hurt to smile and act like you enjoy your job or act like your in a good mood geez . because i 'm new to the town i just ended up giving my prescription for my glasses to this place but did n't care for them . week later my glasses arrived same thing the miserable front staff lol poor girls", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a horrible experience at my last eye doctor and i live and work in the area that elite eye care is located so i thought i 'd stop in and give them a try . the office was very nice inside and comfortable and every single person on that staff greeted me , was extremely nice and very helpful . i saw the doctor right away , got all my questions answered by her and dealt with the rest of the staff to get me checked out and on my way . when i went back in to pick up my glasses , it was very efficient and was extremely caught off guard by their `` designer '' touches , they packing for their glasses , their complimentary care kit , wow is all i can say . i will refer every single person i know to them and good luck to elite eye care and thanks for taking care of me so well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is the rudest i have ever witnessed , in what is supposed to be a professional office . we basically had to keep telling then each time we wanted to try on different frame because they were busy chatting with one another . then when it was finally time to leave something told me to turn around and they were talking about us . this display of unprofessionalism was on more than one occasion . them being very unaccommodating with emergency contact needs was the icing on the cake .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we made two appointments at elite one month early and six days before our appointment we got a message that our appts had been cancelled because they were n't a provider in our network . after calling my insurance i found out that they indeed are a provider . when i called elite they said that our appts are already replaced by others . they would try to get a verification and call me back . five hours later they still had n't contacted verified my insurance . we 're calling other eye care professionals but doubt we 'll get in before our benefits expire for the year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff ! friendliest staff out of all the las vegas eye care centers i 've been to . service was great , and had the friendliest doctor examine me ( dr. gonzalez ) . felt comfortable , did n't wait too long and they were pretty patient with how slow i came to a decision on picking out frames . five stars worth rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional and fast ! sure , some of the frames can be quite expensive , but if you buy brand name , that 's what you should expect . they do have off-brand ones and mine was in that group . i love mine . went back in for lens upgrade and contacts in january this year and they had both ready for pick up in less than a week . dr. gutierrez is very nice and open . you do n't need to worry about awkward silences . i love the staff there , too . my son is only 3 and prone to wander around , gazing at the glass cases . he 'd jump up and down , and they did n't mind . they interacted with him without encouraging him to be disruptive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service..employees were very friendly..dr gutierrez was very thorough and answered my questions . .my appointments was at 230 , i arrived at 215 left by 250..they have a great selection of eyewear , designer eyewear ! they did n't pressure you to buy either . .i will be coming back . .most importantly they recognized that i like to go by my aka name . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been patients of dr g for about 3 years . she is so kind and patient when listening to your concerns . her techs are super nice and funny ! which is nice when they are about to blow a terrifyingly small puff of air in your eye . the sales team is equally as awesome . they will work with you for as long as it takes for you to find glasses you like . we will continue to be loyal patients to elite ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional and friendly staff . office offers a wide variety of fashionable and designer eyewear . we have been seeing dr. gutierrez for years and would not go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best eye exam and contact lenses fitting i 've had in my life ! i ca n't type enough about dr. marilyn gonzalez , professional ! caring ! patient ! ( 2 1 2 hours ) 3 fittings of different contacts , i can see ! i 've had trouble wearing contact lenses for the past 15 years , i could n't see with 2 . she figured it out ! now i can wear 2 and not have to shut one eye to see . i will only recommend her to anyone who wears glasses and or contacts . my eyes and brain thank you dr. marilyn gonzalez !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you laurenia and jenny for always taking time to help me with my insurance coverage and with picking out just the right frame . professional and helpful as always year after year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! michael the sales associate was great and very helpful . the whole staff was excellent . it is a great environment to shop for glasses , free coffee and cookies . my two-year-old was freaking out they got her a toy and we 're very accommodating . the best thing my glasses came back in 5 days and we 're perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the best experience at elite eye care ! joselyn was amazing with my daughter . she taught her how to put in and take out her first pair of contact lenses . she was so nice and patient . she also helped my daughter decide on which pair of glasses would be right for her . if you want to go to a place with a knowledgeable and caring staff with tons of selection , these guys are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is always very nice , professional and fast . i took both of my girls in today and we were in and out . we 've been going here for years and love dr. gutierrez . i love the wonderful selection of high end , name brand , quality glasses they offer . do n't come here if you 're expecting cheap . they always give a 7-10 working days time frame to receive new glasses , but i have never had to wait more than 3-4 days . one time the glasses were ready the very next day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shoppers made me disappointed couple of times , mostly because of their cashiers . some of them really have a snobbish attitude and tend to be impolite . just few days ago i was standing in a line to purchase couple of products from travel section and revlon stuff , and when i was about to pay , she rudely told me that i have to go to pay at the beaty boutique . i told her that i do not have anything from the beauty boutique , if i can still pay here ( i always did , for the same items ) , she said `` no '' , and refused to process my payment . well , i had to stand in another line , next to her and i was able to pay . the girl rolled her eyes at me . i have never had such issue at different locations , these girls has to learn good customer service and `` no rolling eye '' policy !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i destroyed my feet walking the streets of toronto and had to find a drugstore quick quick for various foot related remedies ... blister bandages are genius btw . but when i got to this shop , i perused the makeup ( very helpful salesperson ) and then the snacks ( ketchup potato chips ? why canada ) and then the beverage aisle ... grapefruit perrier for the win . well laid out store , excellent lighting . larger inside than you imagine since it 's 2 stories with both an elevator and stairs . quick transactions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this shoppers ! they always have the best sales here ! every time i 've come here there has n't been any lines . they have a very good selection of everything . i also like that it is always very clean and organized . they have great sales on crushed tomatoes , water , paper towel , card , chocolate , the list does on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so convenient ! open till midnight , post office , pharmacy , snacks , beaty section , frozen section , photo development and friendly staff ! i go in for milk , and come out with so much more , because there is always something on sale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is your run of a mill shoppers drug mart ( sdm ) though it does seem like a decent sized sdm sadly the lack of variety pushes it back to the countless sdm one find everywhere . if you are looking for something in particular i would call in first . staff is poorly trained and if you manage to find one most of them are more interested in in socializing among themselves . all is not lost here though as they always have some promos on staples items like milk , bread etc . there is a private parking lot on top accessible from an odd side street of the main drag .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hours and a good selection of items . they have now started carrying more food products as well . the post office here is very good too . it 's my go pharmacy in cityplace .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live near here so this is my to-go shoppers . so far , they have improved their stocks and put more staff , so if you need anything just ask them and they will kindly get it for you . i always come here for eggs and milk , and other things on sale . get the mobile app and you will be loaded with coupons . the staff are nice and accept my returns ( sometimes ) with no problems . i also have a good experience with beautyboutique in here . i came here twice , two girls who helped me are helpful when i was looking for a lipstick , and a moisturizer . they are both nice and welcome me . i suggest you should go to this beautyboutique because everything has testers , and little people come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a regular customer at this location . this is a decent sized sdm store , especially for downtown . i find this store to always be extremely clean & tidy . in dealing with staff from : the makeup counter , pharmacy , the post office , floor staff and cashiers , i have found each and every dept to be very pleasantly helpful . i have yet to have a negative customer service experience . with the exception of bathroom tissue during a sale , very rarely will you find empty shelves in this store . this is a high traffic store because of all the condos in the area , so turn over is quick . yes i have experienced line ups , but the wait time has never been unreasonable . i have noticed on several occasions that a 2nd and or 3rd cashier will suddenly open up during busy times . this is a great little store , friendly staff , nice selection , amazing hours , good size .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , the one thing i will say that is negative is there is always a line up here and normally only 1-2 people on cash . they really need to fix that problem . on a positive note , whenever i 've needed the post office , makeup or pharmacy services they 've been extremely helpful and offered great customer service . no complaints there . i also like the free parking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could rate this establishment zero stars i would . the pharmacist is rude and leaves to talk to other customers while i 'm trying to have a conversation with her . do yourself a favor and do not go to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "giving 5 stars for the ability to buy food for kids , cans and porridge . unfortunately , heinz or gerber cans for kids under 2 years are hard to find in toronto and probably anywhere in north america . no such problems anywhere in europe - the stick is varied and you can find anything . anyway , shoppers is a great place : they work late , they have a large variety of food and i 've heard they have introduced some kind of rewards program .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what it is with shoppers and understaffing , but there is never enough people staffing any shoppers i 've ever been to . there 's always one unfortunate cashier resigned at the cashiers desk with a long line forming . this shoppers also seems to always be out of stock with the things i need . disorganized , understocked and understaffed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to basil box many times at the queen and spadina location but it was my first time at this one . it 's definitely bigger with a lot more seating that 's for sure . i got what i always get -- salad base ; bell peppers and sweet potato for my veggies ; tofu as my protein ; tambourine sauce ; and pumpkin and sesame seeds , cilantro , and carrots as my toppers . to drink i got the pineapple rose soda which was so delicious . overall i enjoyed my meal and i love how the staff are always friendly no matter the location you visit . basil box is definitely under good management and knows how to train the perfect employees . i 'm glad i spotted this location as i 'm downtown all the time . i 'll definitely be visiting this location again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's basically a thai vietnamese version of chipotle . you pick what goes into your bowl - proteins , greens , toppings , dressing , etc . and you pay according to exactly what you pick . in terms of size , a bowl is enough for lunch i 'd say , but to be honest , it got fairly boring near the of the meal . so , i 'm not sure if this would suffice for a full dinner meal . the flavours do n't work that well together and i found my lunch very salty , maybe due to how much dressing they had added in . it 's worth trying once for the novelty , but otherwise , for the price and actual food quality and taste , i 'd go elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love all of their food that i had created myself.i chose green salad , next all of the second choices , lemongrass chicken paneng curry and coriander carrot and chilli . it 's the best food for me that i ever have in toronto . i love spicy food and it made me a little bit cry.their services are fabulous . they are police kind and always smile . you can ask them for free water.the price is valuable as well ; i paid only 10.70 $ . the food is so fresh . i definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second basil box location and it 's soo gorgeous ! the food is non-dairy and gluten free , so it 's perfect for me . if you are used to lighter meals , definitely do half greens , you 'll thank me later . you can also mix the sauces- i did half peanut sauce half tamarind . the thai tea and lime ginger macarons are full of fresh flavours , i could eat 10+ in one sitting . the cold brew coffee hit me pretty hard , i 'm usually so used to caffeine that it has no effect on me but i was pleasantly surprised . this location is central toronto - right by the eaton centre and ryerson , it 's worth checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i go to school downtown , the variety of food choices i have is huge . but i usually end up walking aimlessly through the urban eatery in the eaton centre and walk out with tim hortons because nothing is appealing to me . especially for days when i 'm trying to make healthier food choices , i 'm so glad they opened this up right next to my campus ! the choices you have to fill up your box are awesome because they 're healthy and delicious ! it 's always packed with flavour and i never regret getting it . to top it off , you ca n't miss out on the thai iced tea ! they ask for your name when you order a hand crafted drink and call you when it 's done . the service is good here , especially since they have to keep up with the rush of students and shoppers in the downtown core .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "close to ryerson and the food was great . the service was quickly and easy , people are nice there too . i would definitely go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the sweet potato , corn , and tofu with peanut sauce . it was a good portion and along with the thai iced tea , was a filling and relatively healthy lunch . good vegetarian option for those who always look for places to go with others who enjoy meat . i 'm not a fan of spice so the panang curry was way too spicy for me . i tried a small spoonful ( they always ask if you want to try the sauces ) and could n't handle it already . the panang curry is a popular choice amongst the party i usually go with though . the environment is also very relaxing and spacious . there is never a shortage of tables ( though im never there at prime times , so i ca n't speak for that ) . overall , this is a 'go-to ' place of mine and i highly recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down best place in toronto for good price , decent quality , and great portions . you can choose from brown rice to spring greens as a base for their dishes which is great - especially for those who enjoy eating healthy . their lemongrass chicken is my personal favourite and their topping options are endless . will be back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "passed by this restaurant a while ago and decided to stop by and check it out . i like the concept of building your own box - kinda like asian chipotle as someone else put it . i got the lemon grass chicken with peanut sauce and cold noodles , along with the passion lychee soda . i personally did n't like the dish that much.. i found the peanut sauce too diluted and it lost a lot of the peanut flavor . as a result , i found the dish a bit bland . as for the passion lychee soda , i really did n't like it . it tasted like cough medicine to me and i did n't really taste the flavors advertised . it 's all personal preference but i do n't think i 'll be back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good . pricey -- especially given that it 's attached to a university -- but fresh and tasty . nice atmosphere , and neat drink choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big , modern , clean space . i was hesitant about food quality , happily pleased . i like the design your own meal format . chicken very good , interested in trying the steak would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the second location after the square one . i was around down town toronto when i pass by ryerson and saw this restaurant . the menu mostly almost the same with the square one . it 's only nice atmosphere ( modern style but they have some traditional touch ) and the people also friendly . as usual i order my favourite the noodle with lemongrass chicken and two other veggie . i like thai sauce and also pickle radish . did n't try the thai fresh chili this time since i tried it last time and it was very spicy . the portion is big enough for me . to complete my meal i also order the thai iced tea . the taste is different than regular iced tea since they use cane sugar . my favourite is the trail mix . tried to try different trail mix from different brand , still ca n't beat this one . will come back again to try different combination . well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fancier thai fast food place . trying to see what is this hype on this new restaurant , technically it is fast food restaurant that has elevated its status by having a nicer setting and a different serving method . what it reminds me of mexican restaurant like chipotle ... you pick what ingredients you want in your bowl . food seems ok and price seems ok for a downtown location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lemongrass chicken was good and seasoned well . the veggies were crisp and tasted fresh . topped off with sesame seeds , pickled veggies and pumpkin seeds . fresh and healthy lunch - decent portions - quick and friendly service . the thai iced tea is amazing ! ! there 's a special summer deal on the thai iced tea at the moment ! ! last time i came by for lunch , i believe the thai iced tea is regularly priced at $ 3.75 . definitely check the place out if you are in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried basil box last weekend for the first time really wanting to like the place ( really ) . but maybe it was the fact i am eating cold noodles in the winter or that both my boyfriend and i 's basil box was barely edible due to the fact that too much sriracha sauce was poured onto my box after my boyfriend said to stop . but i could not finish my basil box ( it took me 5 different tries ) since the spice just overpowered everything , and i mean everything . the noodles were ok but the five spice steak was pretty good . i do n't really have much to say other than being disappointed with this experience . seems like most other people have fared better , maybe i will try it again in the future . for a place that is so highly rated on yelp i feel like i am missing out on something ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love that all options are gluten free and fresh . if you can only eat gluten free the last thing you need to worry about is cross contamination . the service is excellent as staff will explain all of the options to you and are fast and efficient . i have only ever had rice bowels with tofu as the protein and its always delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my new favourite place to eat quickin toronto . it 's a similar idea to chipotle but the food is asian . you choose your base such as rice noodles , two veg , protein and toppings . it caters for vegans too . it 's spacious and bright so pretty ideal for a that quick lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff , food was just average though , not terrible , but not great either , just ok , considering it 's location , you could find better eats elsewhere . the penang curry sauce was tasty but way too hot , now i love spicy fiery foods , but it was a lil too much for my liking . i do n't think i 'll return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here today for lunch and brought two friends along . my second time here this summer and really enjoyed my usual order : fresh greens roasted sweet potatoes and saut\u00e9ed green beans lemongrass chicken ( good portion ) sweet chilli lime sauce all toppings + sriricha unfortunately the server did not abide by my `` half ladle '' request and my greens were fully drenched in sauce . in comparison my friends ' noodle bowl looked quite dry . i think they should have different sauce portions available instead of assuming everyone needs or wants the same amount , or at least pay more attention to requests for less ( since you ca n't remove it once it 's added ) . the chillis are seriously spicy so be warned . paired with the sriracha , i was given a run for my money on the hottest day of the year ! i 've tried the thai iced tea before but not today , i suggest getting it half sweet . they have free tap water available and the air-con is absolutely necessary and appreciated ! for $ 10 it 's a delicious and healthy lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to have a quick lunch . new and modern looking with large windows and an open concept . food was great and if you love spice ask for the panang curry ... hell ask for two scoops . only reason for the 4 star is that they ran out of the fresh thai chillies during the lunch hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here the other day to work on some homework and also get a bite of something healthy to eat and drink at the same time . while i am usually not a big fan of these kind of eatery places , i was really impressed by basil box . their decor is lovely and spacious . you do n't feel unpleasantly cramped . it was my first time there and the staff was really helpful and attentive , they seemed cheerful and upbeat . the food itself was really good ! i had a cold noodle base , with tofu for protein , and for my two vegetable choices i got sweet potato , which was sauteed and delicious , as well as some edamame . i topped it off with a peanut sauce and sesame seeds . i also ordered a thai iced tea , which was very pleasant and creamy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! i love how there was a great selection of food . the chicken was tasty and the veggie toppings were fresh . we also tried the thai iced tea ( a bit too sweet ) and the mango ginger ale soda . both drinks are worth the try ! the restaurant is surprisingly big and it 's also very clean . staff were very welcoming and knowledgeable . they were very generous with the amount of food portions ! i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the choice of mains , toppings and garnishes of basil box . you get a lot of freedom with the customization . the price is around $ 10 for super fresh ingredients + the portion is huge . this place is a hit with my mom , coworkers , and friends . if you are those folks who like the processed taste might not enjoy this because you can really taste the individual components of the bowl . i love the panang curry because it is actually spicy : ) ! the only thing i 'll mention that was n't up to par was the limited menu choice through ubereats and the overly creamy sweet in-house drinks . other then that , i crave basil box from time to time : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kinda like the thai chipotle . love coming here , feel good after eating it . i love that they have brown rice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great quality , been ordering them for a while on uber eats and everytime it 's great . it 's fresh , tasty and the box is big .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "think chipotle but with thai food . you get your choice of rice , two vegetables , one sauce , one protein , and unlimited choice of garnishes . just slightly more expensive than a burrito bowl at chipotle and portion size is a bit smaller . i think salad king across the street is a better option if you are looking for thai food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think people have been fooled by the gimmicks such as the cute take out bag and the novelty factor of customizing your meal . but taste wise , it is very mediocre . the peppers were too hard , they ran of one of the toppings and although on their website it shows nice plump juicy big shrimps , what you actually get is the mini baby shrimps . my meal was also cold . i do give them credit though for what appears to be recycleable take out containers . to me it did not taste like authentic asian food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very healthy ! okay flavours . wish there was more variety of toppings and less rice . the chicken is delicious though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place . we waked and was created by a happy server to tell us how the ordering worked . my kids were excited to make up their own combinations and everything tasted fresh and tasty . the thai iced tea was great along with a good selection of other drinks . we will definitely be back . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got to try this place yesterday ! right next to ryerson university and walking distance from yonge and dundas or dundas station.there were a handful of people sitting in , but mostly folks were taking out . it 's pretty much a customized fast food restaurant ( but very healthy ! ) ! i had the sweet chili lime sauce with the chicken , on rice and salad ( 1 2 and 1 2 ) , and lots of veggies . i had enough for dinner and lunch the next day ( wish they gave us more meat though ) . the sauce was a little less than i would 've expected , i 'll definitely ask for more sauce next time . i got some panang sauce on the side ( amazing call , as the panang itself was too spicy for the full meal ) . it is a little expensive ( about $ 12 per meal ) , but completely worth it ! the mango pudding and thai iced tea were unbelievable ! will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seriously bland `` thai '' food . peanut sauce was pretty much tasteless and noodles were stuck together . the choose-your-own ingredients concept is inviting , but poorly executed in this case . ingredients did n't seem particularly fresh either . just overall `` meh '' is how i would describe this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so first off , i really like the thai ice tea ( $ 3.75 ) here ! it 's really good compared to alot of them i tried in toronto ! on the other hand , the food is nothing special . its like a chipotle or blaze pizza style service . i got a 5 spice beef noodle bowl and to be honest , it was n't worth the $ 9.45 price tag . quality was ok , but they did n't give alot of food . i rather go next door to chipotle to eat or if i was craving asian viet thai based food , go to ginger next door as well . all in all , i would probably go back to basil box if i wanted another one of their thai ice teas or maybe try one of their other drinks but food wise ? probably will skip that unless the portions increase .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff made our first visit to lake norman a five star experience . i really wanted to try out paddle boarding , but the winds were very strong that day , and i am thankful for their honesty and steering me away from becoming a human sail boat . they quickly switched our reservation out for 2 kayaks and shared with us what routes we could do in 2 hours . the lake was very scenic and offered us quite the workout . we came back a few minutes late ( we had n't accommodated quite well enough for the wind conditions , but they offered us a warm smile and did n't charge us any extra fees . we ca n't wait to make a return trip on a calmer day and try out paddle boarding with them . the kayaks have an airtight container onboard -so do n't be afraid to bring a phone to take some photos on your adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booked a paddle boarding time for a team outing , & was very pleased with our day on the water ! the staff here is all very sweet , open and helpful . our check in was quick , and we were on the water in no time . this spot on the lake is perfect for this kind of thing , tucked in a quiet cove so that you can get your bearings , and then take off onto the larger section of lake . we stored our stuff in the boat on the dock , which i was n't crazy about , but did n't have time to run stuff back to the car . i loved this experience , instruction was well explained and detailed . check in and out was fast , and they 're super encouraging - whether you can stand up right away , or it takes a few times . i plan on checking out their prices and packages so that i can make this a lunch time stop : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a paddle board and all i can say is they are awesome . they set you up with what you need and do n't oversell to you . they also give back to the community , which i love . the owner is awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took a sup yoga class here on july 4 weekend . was surprised that my friend and i were the only two gals in the class , but were psyched to have a private session ! i know a lot of places will cancel class when they do n't meet a minimum , so i appreciated that they still took us out . in regards to logistics , everyone here was great . the boards paddles anchors were already down at the dock , and we were allowed to leave our things in the locked office during our session . the instructor put the boards in and out of the water for us so literally all we had to do was hop on off . the instructor led a great flow and while this is no fault of aloha 's , the conditions were perfect and we really had a lovely morning on the water . my friend had also purchased a sup here for her husband previously and could n't say enough good things about the experience . i would highly recommend this spot for all things sup , especially the yoga classes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking into getting a paddleboard this is the go-to spot . not only will you be supporting your local shop but you will also be getting a great deal on a quality board through a very knowledgeable and friendly staff . rob , the owner , is very honest with his customers . he knows the industry inside and out and will definitely meet your needs when it comes to choosing the right board . i bought two boards here at different times . no sales pressure what so ever . this shop is located on waterfront property so you can even test ride before you commit to buying . they also offer sup fitness classes and instruction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've rented here a couple of times , including the yoga class . tip : make sure they have enough anchors before taking the class . otherwise you 'll be spending your downward dogs in the marina . i now have my own board and wanted to check out the landscape before bringing friends and family to rent and accompany me on some trips . upon entering the water the owner approached me and threatened to call the cops for being on private property . i had already asked the neighboring boat club manager who had no problem with it and stated supers use the area as an access point all the time . i appreciate the owner 's concern that this may infringe on his business but my board is already purchased . i wo n't be renting from him no matter where i put in . instead of being open to the entire sup community , he is clearly only it for the money . his concerns are valid as he definitely lost my business and any recommendation made prior to this incident .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place nice owner . we have now been there a few times after trying the paddleboard via groupon and love it . the staff is super nice and helfull and dont laugh when i cant get out of the kayak . its a great way to get some good excercise . we will be back next season for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone at my aloha was so friendly and helpful . we had a group of 10 that did a paddle boarding session followed by a sup yoga class . everyone enjoyed themselves , felt safe and comfortable , and came out saying they would love to do it again ! highly recommend for families or groups of friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my aloha rocks ! rob the owner and all the folks working there are personable , knowledgable , and overall great people ! i have attended a sup yoga class and rented boards on my own and i 've had a blast every time . the boards , paddles , and pfd 's are in perfect condition and they have a huge variety of boards for all levels . the store is located right on the water and you can paddle or kayak to port city club , grab and beer or lunch while you 're out there . definitely check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is fantastic . i took three paddle board yoga classes this summer at my aloha and it was great every time . you get up and running quickly and the class is definitely challenging . i would recommend it to anyone , practiced or not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and knowledgeable staff , beautiful location on lake norman . all their offering are well thought out from lessons to yoga . great community !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "established business with super friendly and knowledgeable staff , reasonable prices and a great location for rentals . what else could you ask for ? if new to the sport of paddleboarding i 'd recommend taking their intro class . as someone who has a little bit of experience i went with just a solo rental . they now have a 90 min option as 1 hour is a little short and 2 might be a little too long for some people . i went with that and after taking last season off , that was plenty of exercise for me . at $ 30 , it was a great deal . i 'll be back until i can afford to buy a board from these guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited my aloha on a friday morning with two friends . we had reserved two rental sup 's the day before and brought one with us . ( they advise making reservations and we agree , as they got very busy toward early afternoon ! ) the girls who checked us in and got us set up were very helpful and kind . they made sure our life vests fit properly and our paddles were at the proper length . the guys brought our sup 's down to the dock and helped us launch safely . they pointed out areas we could go safely ( no wake zone 's ) . helpful tips : if you do n't paddle with water shoes , there is a place on the dock to store your shoes . also , if you do n't have a waterproof case for your phone , etc. , they sell them in the store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love these guys ! fast , friendly service and the perfect launch spot for an hour or day on the lake . we encountered bad weather halfway through our paddle and they were very accommodating ( including helping us off our boards during the rain and thunder ) ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great day out on the water . awesome service and friendly staff . the prices are the best in the area . the lake is excellent and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "paddle board yoga is amazing ! it 's a relaxed atmosphere where you are encouraged to push beyond your limits in a comfortable setting that does n't judge when you fall in ! falling in means you dared to try and that 's the fun part .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time ! friendly staff and top quality rental equipment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . 25 min from uptown and you feel like you 're at the coast or something . laid back vibe , the most friendly and dog-friendly staff ever and a nice shop to buy a board as well . we had a blast and i 'm already planning another visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff were very friendly and helpful . great experience . will continue to rent from them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rented two paddle boards yesterday for my boyfriends birthday and we had a great experience . neither of us had ever use paddle boards before and the staff was very elaborate on teaching us the safety . the location was perfect and the weather was perfect , it was n't too sunny at all so we were able to enjoy the two hours without being exhausted . i definitely would recommend using my aloha paddle and surf and i most certainly will be renting from them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the genuine nature of the employees here is very comforting . rob has proven to my family that he sincerely wants us to enjoy the recreation we can fit into our lives . we consider my aloha a great resource and trust they 'll be great with their pending growth as a respectable business while maintaining ours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great facility and beyond friendly . so easy to book and get on the water . everyone was awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great first visit ! took a lesson with becca as our instructor . she was great ! i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob was very accommodating in scheduling as we had to reschedule due to terrible weather . they have everything you can possibly need to borrow and if you like it , they have the items to purchase too . my husband and i felt very comfortable with the staff and we had a very successful lesson !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our group of newbies and experienced paddlers all enjoyed our tour of lake norman with my aloha . the instruction was brief but adequate , as the kids were eager to figure things out on their own anyway . the instructor took his time with those that were struggling , and even gave `` advanced '' tips to my over-achieving nephew . they are dog-friendly . likely will be using them again this summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much fun ! blanca is the best ! she was patient , thorough and very nice . i felt comfortable in the water with her guidance and encouragement . definitely recommend my aloha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , my aloha is located in a very nice spot on the lake . we had a very quick check in and immediately started a brief shore side introduction to paddle boarding before getting a chance to get our get wet . out instructor blanca was very patient and did an excellent job instructing is on the water . the entire group was almost immediately able to paddle board with success . safety was very important and they only use the best equipment . i would highly recommend this business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend my aloha paddle and surf . i took my 11 year old nephew and 9 year old niece there this past saturday for a paddleboard lesson . it was the first time for all three of us . the instructors were amazing with the kids . especially the 9 year old who needed extra instruction to get the strokes down . of course , the kids picked it up in no time . easy reservation , smooth check in , good instruction . great time had by all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "landed in charlotte and needed to kill a couple hours before picking up the rest of my friends . called my aloha while i was waiting for my luggage and within 45 minutes i was out on a board . everyone who worked there was awesome and chill . highly recommend and will be back next time i 'm in the charlotte area ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved kayaking on lake norman . everyone was very friendly and helpful . will be returning with friends in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would definitely recommend this place ! we had a great time and everyone was so friendly . we rented two paddle boards for 2 hours and you could n't beat the price ! we also brought our dog who loved it ! it 's nice that they allow dogs , just make sure to bring a towel for your dog so they do n't scratch up the board . they also have kayak rentals , lessons , tours , and paddle boarding yoga !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great price ! fabulous service ! fantastic boards ! beautiful scenery ! perfect ride for a hot summer day . will def . be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my first paddle board lesson a week ago and my first yoga class yesterday . both were awesome . the instructors were very nice and patient and a lot of fun . i highly recommend coming here for paddle boarding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try sup this past weekend and i saw my aloha in the piedmont pilot . turned out to be a great decision all the way around ! the staff and owner at my aloha were incredibly friendly , and they made everything so easy . after 10 minutes of instruction and coaching i was up and super comfortable on the board . the shop is full of cool stuff and the prices are way better than i would have thought for a retail place right on the water . they have a great location , plenty of parking , and everything you need to enjoy a great day on the water ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been to my aloha twice now and both times have been impressed with the prompt and thorough service . they are quick to get us into the water , our stuff is secure in their office , and we 're greeted at the dock when we 're done . ice cold free water provided as we get ready to depart . it never hurts to have a gorgeous lake norman locale to work with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob treated me like family when setting me up with a paddle board , went through great lengths to ensure my satisfaction and was very open . by far the best store owner i 've met in the marine sports industry . thank you rob !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son ( 11yrs old ) and i were both first timers at paddle boarding . we had a great time , and rob was very accommodating when there were more people than boards available and gave service with a smile ! the instructors were all great , and we thoroughly enjoyed our time out on the water . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little paddle board shop ! blanca is super informative and helpful . great customer service ! ! ! we will be back for family lessons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best paddleboarding experiences i 've ever had . blanca and rob are so genuine and friendly . great hourly rental prices for quality boards . that was extremely refreshing , given some of the other experiences i 've had . their location on lake norman is pristine . if you are in the charlotte area and looking to paddleboard , there is no better place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check out their f rating on the better business bureau website . we use several dumpsters a month , and there are numerous reasons to stay away from this business . delivery is never on time . and returns are even worse . took them over two weeks to pick up a dumpster which was blocking the driveway . customer service -- horrific . on the last pick up , the owner , brett , called to tell me that the dumpster was overloaded -- which it was . he told me that he would charge me an additional $ 100 to take it , and i agreed . he then proceeded to berate me for overloading it . i asked him why he was yelling and reminding him that i agreed and that i would pay the extra fee . he then yelled , verbatim , `` i 'm not yelling ! ! when i yell , you 'll know it ! and i 'll dump the whole thing all over your g -- d -- - driveway ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service ! container i ordered that was shown on line is not what showed up at my house . then they argued that it was the same thing ! it was much smaller ! came two days later was supposed to . then called for pick up and no one returned my call . five days later container is still here . would not use them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had the opportunity to use this dumpster service on several occasions for a lengthy house clean-out . delivery is never punctual - typically at least an hour or two later than the promised delivery time . rental rates are very pricey , too , and they charge a fee for using a credit card . when i requested a discounted rate for being a repeat customer ( 6 rentals total ) , they denied the request . jones roll off containers offers the same size dumpster for the same term ( 7 days ) for about $ 100 cheaper . just saying ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited this location on a recent trip to mesa and i must say the front desk team is no where as helpful or courteous as the one on lynnwood wa . i was n't greeted when i walked in , i was n't offered a neckwear and was barely guided tithe tranquility area , was n't even offered water . the massage person however was wonderful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a good massage yesterday but the relaxation was quickly ruined by the front desk team hounding me to sign up for a membership . this is a definitely a corporate business and they do n't let you forget it . i would rather spend a little more for an experience that did n't make me feel guilty for not signing up for an expensive monthly membership .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "extremely unprofessional staff at the front desk ! they were talking about a customer ( first and last name ) whose credit card had declined for the past 3 months that they tried to run it . the two women at the desk were talking quite loudly and speaking poorly about the man whose card had been declining . it was incredibly rude and unprofessional . i 'll never visit this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a loyal member of massage envy for several years . no complaints about the facility or their therapists as they are all great . i am however disappointed with the assistant manager jordan who after beating around the bush finally just said she was choosing not to help make a simple transfer of points to another facility . i have 3 hours of massage credits on my account that were paid for and due to massage envy never being able to accommodate me with a therapist , i wanted to transfer them to my sister and brother in law so that they could enjoy a couples massage at another location . i have had that done before with no problem in may so what 's the big deal ? i 'm considering canceling my membership . why should i pay in advance for something i ca n't ever enjoy ? massage envy is supposed to relax you ... . not stress you out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a member at massage envy for at least 8 years . i do n't know what is going on at this location but my last 4 visits over the past 2 months have not been quality visits . not sure if it is the location management , corporate or what but there needs to be a change . a couple staff members are really good but there 's been some sort of shift at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was given a massage envy gift card for mother 's day , and got an additional ad on with it . one hour massage and a sugar foot scrub ! so relaxed ! tricia was amazing . perfect pressure and she really listened to what i needed ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a gift certificate for a massage . therapist was late picking me up no biggie except 60 minutes in massage envy world is more like 50 minutes our time . massage was n't bad , i 've had better she was talking during my massage always a bummer . i think my next gift certificate should be to a resort spa seens how i 'm kinda picky . so all in all it was a typical cheap massage session . ugh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted a massage , but was nervous about signing up for a membership because my first massage envy massage ( not here ) was not very good . i spoke with tianna who told me they had therapists there who would meet my needs ( deep tissue and trigger point therapy ) . she went out of her way to let me know the therapists that would be a good fit for me . she explained all of the details about signing up for a membership that i did n't know like how they roll over to the next month if you do n't use them . she set me up with holly who was amazing ! holly listened to what i said i wanted and was both knowledgeable and skilled . my neck feels great . i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in today for a 90 minute with ben . first time i have been in this location for a out six months . went today because my girlfriend told me about ben . ben was incredible ! i told him i was a runner and he catered a massage to fit in with my personal needs as an avid runner . he was professional and really did an amazing deep tissue sports massage focusing on my legs and glutes . the massage was worth every penny and more . i hope that massage envy owner and management realizes what they have in this talented guy and does what they have to , to keep him happy , so he does n't leave , and i say that because every time i get a great therapist here , they always end up leaving after a short while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually do n't leave bad reviews , but i 've just had an all around bad experience.. it appears the masseuse are rushed from appointment to appointment , because even when i showed up 15 minutes early i still never got a full appointment . ( 2 occasions ended 10 minutes earlier ) my biggest issue was how they handled billing . i would combine my months and go every 3 or so months sometimes more . i recently changed my card so they were n't charging me . they waited 3 months and we 're very rude to my wife when they called . they wanted me to pay all 3 months at once to get it back . when i asked if i could just use the months that i paid for they very rudely told me it does n't work that way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for a facial , and was probably the worst one ive ever had . the girl was very friendly , but i had asked her to unclog some of my pores around my nose and she completely ignored me . no aesthetician has ever done that to me before . they usually ask to do it for me without me asking . also , i was on time for my facial and was done 10 minutes early . friendliness doesnt make up for a bad facial . big , expensive waste of money . i definitely wont be coming back here ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store does not seem to be concerned about repeat business . after being pressured to commit to a 3 month membership after stating repeatedly that i would have a hard time using it in 3 months , scheduling the 3rd visit was late and no courtesy was given . just sorry your out of luck , basically . an independent massage business would surely allow some leeway if you missed your deadline for the 3 month agreement . it 's just good business . when i stated that i would likely not return to their store , she did n't care a bit . meeting a massage deadline should not stress you out ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "message therapist brittany was amazing ! front office staff would not honor a voucher that had no expiration date . i was very disappointed in alissa .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great job . got me in at the last minute . had a great massage . professional and relaxing . kudos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in for a massage here a couple months ago and did not have the greatest experience . as i entered , i was unimpressed with the atmosphere and service i received . my massage itself really helped get the tension out of my back and shoulders , so that was good . i was really upset as i checked out because the front desk girls really pushed signing up for a membership . i am actually 17 , so i am pretty sure they are not allowed to pressure me into memberships like that without an adult present since it is basically a contract , but even if it is allowed it was very annoying and frustrating . the whole thing left me feeling more frustrated than relaxed by the time i got home . i will be using elements massage next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the best massage ever ! the staff are very friendly too ! ca n't wait for my next massage . thank you massage envy . i like the gilbert and power road locations", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent massage by jim . i really needed this massage and felt absolutely wonderful when i left ! what an amazing massage ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there needs to be a way to give negative stars - massage envy at power rd and mckellip rd in mesa is absolutely horrible ! after trying to get an appt for 2 weeks - i finally asked the manager to give me their schedule so i could schedule my massage around what worked for them . absolutely horrible customer service ! i do not recommend them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never had a scheduling problem with massage envy . my first time , i called and they suggested dates and times around the information i provided . i have never had a problem getting the time or date that i want . i always book in advance just to be sure my girl is available . i have been going there for months and even purchased a membership to ease the costs a little . i have nothing but great things to say about everyone at this location . i was referred by a good friend of mine who is also a regular customer . i get the best massages and look forward to my next appointment . give this place a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing scott for my massages the past couple of months and want to shout about him from the roof tops ! today i went in for a 90 minute hot stone massage . previously , scott did a 60 minute relaxing massage and sugar foot scrub . i look forward to my monthly massage and am so glad that i found scott . he is an amazing therapist and takes his time to listen to my needs . thank you scott !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the front desk staff is amazing . they are so attentive and helpful . the massage therapists are fantastic . lmt michael g. is absolutely amazing ! come get a 90 minute or a 2 hour relaxing deep tissue massage from him and you will think you were in heaven . they also have great skin care therapists here . if you really want to treat yourself , go get a 2 hour massage followed by a 1 hour facial . it 'll be the best 3 hours ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the signal butte location is very welcoming . i generally feel relaxed the minute i walk through the door . the massage therapist are very healing . i go for the following reasons : -reduce stress -relaxation -prevention -aroma therapy -deep muscle as a hairstylist , i understand the power of touch . i appreciate my overall experience with massage envy . i look forward to my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my therapist there was always emily . excellent massage therapist . the bomb at fixing my aches and pains . 5 stars to emily - since i wish i could afford to go in to get help from emily every week . now to you - massage envy ... .. about that membership rate hike . bummer . i cancelled a multi-year membership . ya had a good thing going .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "does n't anyone else know this place exists ? i was at the mall en route to `` my favourite timothy 's '' when i spotted this location through the trees . your standard timothy 's doodads are here : little round tables , couches and easy chairs , dozens of pastries trapped under cake covers and the always decent coffee and tea . not sure why timothy 's has two locations within tripping distance of one another , but that 's never stopped any other of toronto 's major coffee chains . i hope no one ever finds out about this location . ( oops . ) obligatory title pun : it 's very surreptimothy . menu readability : a slotted board with way too many options in garish navy blue and red . need to mention : they have free wifi here , but you have to ask for the password . what this place teaches me about myself : i have no idea how to keep a secret .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi there , i think one of most underrated coffee store as yelp review . what 's wrong with you people ? you review 90 review for one restaurant fairly close to dundas square although no review for best coffer in dundas ? i mean technically there 's no difference between other coffers as range of coffee and confectionary however the thing that i do lime that place is comfortable armchairs , less crowded , mostly secluded which is nice about store . particularly in rush hours or weekend . highly recommend you to visit that place ... . until next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while needing a place to relax before before big meeting in found this coffee establishment through using yup ! traditionally i do n't use box chain places to pleasure my taste however there 's not much close by the area i needed to be . timothys was just what i needed busy but not to busy , calm and relaxing full of the bay street type business people but still fitting for and one . great menu section of coffees teas and so on . great baked goods which are prepared in the back kitchen area . ( they do catering to ) nice athomosphere for relaxing with a friend or just by yourself . people in this place seemed very open a nd willing to chat as in when eye contact was made small gestures of `` goodmorning '' or `` how 's the coffee '' which makes it even more warming for a quick stop ! pros - location to eaton center and bay street cons - hard to find , big clothes hanger with bathroom key on it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. close and her staff are incredible ! we were referred to the practice when my son was just 2 weeks old . from that time , until the day of his surgery around 3 months and beyond to the post surgical recovery period , the follow up and patient education were impeccable . they kept us updated at every turn . the nurses were kind , caring , and patient . dr. close treats her patients like they are her own kids , and she 's so compassionate and down to earth . i wish dr close were a pediatrician because we loved working with her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very satisfied with the way they treated my son . he was six months when he had surgery and they made sure we were very comfortable every step of the way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a mother of nine children , the last of which was born four weeks ago . he was circumcised by my pediatrician , but formed a small skin bridge as he healed . dr. close did n't know our family at all , yet the staff spent time on the phone listening to my concerns , and then proceeded to fit my baby and i in for a same day appointment . i was worried he would need to undergo surgery under general anesthesia to repair the skin bridge . dr. close listened to my concerns , examined my baby closely , and was able to correct the problem in her office within minutes . with nine kids , i see a lot of doctors . never have i been more impressed with a doctor , with her staff , and with my experience in general . dr. close and her staff treated us like family , having never met us before . thank you dr . close ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter unfortunately has been having some urinary pain and after visiting our primary doctor , with no significant improvement , we decided to go to a urologist . since she 's under 18 we were told she needed to see a pediatric urologist . we were greeted by the friendly front staff and as soon as we were done with the new patient forms , we were brought back to the exam room . soon the advanced np , came in , and started her interview process , read through past medical reports , etc . we immediately felt her compassion and understanding in my daughter 's ongoing uti pain . she was thorough and went over many possible reasons to explain her discomfort . without judgements or being too pushy , she gently explained her recommendations and advice , going over a healthier route than just more antibiotics , wanting more than a band-aid fix with pills . we will return in 6 weeks for a follow up , but felt our 1.5 hour appointment , we had her undivided attention and genuine concern . was very impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3 year old son was referred to dr close 's office . i was immediately impressed with how fast we could get an appointment with her and how fast surgery was scheduled . their office is simply amazing . they treat you and your family as if you were their only patient . nurse linda explains every single detail of the surgery so you as a parent understand it and can be prepared . she will answer all of your questions and make sure you know your child is in the best hands . i ca n't say enough about all of dr close 's staff . the surgery staff was excellent and made our son so comfortable . dr close did an amazing job with the surgery and the results are insanely good . after another urologist told us he does n't need surgery and then to see the difference the surgery made is just amazing ! i can not thank this office enough ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really liked this doctor and her staff . they were nice , upbeat , clean , ready for our appointment , and they explained everything in an easily digestible manner . really , this medical office delivered a great experience . but they are extremely expensive . we saw the doctor for 20 minutes and her assistant for another 15 minutes . the cost was $ 500 ! there were no procedures or other expenses beyond just their time . $ 500 ! ! ! ! i 'm still trying to figure it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so today my coworker trace was looking for a place to get lunch , carne asada was on the request . i quickly jumped on yelp did a search for carne asada in our work zip code and low and behold el yaqui came up and it was pretty close and had a glowing review from angelo c. it was confirmed that this place is not on the street , but instead inside a market place . the carne asada burrito is delicious , grilled and chopped meat , seasoned right , with grilled onions and beans . wrapped up in foil to keep it warm with a side of lime and pickled carrots and a salsa . from what i can tell from the beans in the burrito , they are awesome . lardy and smooth just the way they should be . 1 million calories later ... i 'm in carne asada coma now . if your in the area , or work around here . check this place out ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate at the restaurant this time . you can see right into the kitchen and it was very clean . tried the lengua , carnitas and pastor street tacos this time . the lengua was my favorite . so tender ! fyi if you need to use the restroom be prepared to have the staff give you a key attached to 10 lbs of heavy chain and walking outside ... this might be the time to practice the buddy system ... the beans here are stoopid good ! they serve beer too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're searching for some good mexican food , you should visit del yaqui . it 's in the mercado on the corner of avenida del yaqui ( which is priest ) and guadalupe . the food is pretty affordable , and it tastes great . i always get the carne asada burrito . you should get the chips and salsa side too ... they fry the chips right when you order them and they come all greasy and hot . so good ! bring cash though . they have a minimum credit card charge , which is around $ 5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't be scared of the location , it 's actually very safe . we 've never been disappointed with the food here . from the basic bean and cheese to their nopales con chile and shrimp . everything is always delicious , love their rice . the cashier owner is actually very nice , although at first glance she does n't seem very friendly because she hardly smiles ! the cook has his own taquiza business , but i do n't know if this restaurant does catering or large platters ( ? ) prices are decent for mexican food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when it came down to picking a lunch spot i saw el yaqui and wanted to give it a shot ... it 's in this really cool open air shopping complex walk to the back and you will find el yaqui . walked in and the staff was really friendly they seemed to have a lot of regulars going in and out ... i ordered the # 1 ( 3 tacos and beans and rice 1st taco lengua was really good 2nd taco carne asada was super good 3rd taco pastor was good ) . out of the three i would get the carne asada again really good salsa as well so this is a must stop for any fan of real deal street tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is good hole in the wall mexican food . it can be hard to find if you have never been before . it is located inside a mercado that is closed off from the street . the food i have tried here is all solid . if you are into menudo ( ca n't say i 've tried it ) they serve it on the weekends and i heard it is really good from a couple of regulars that live in the area . i would n't say i would go out of my way to visit this restaurant , but if you are in the area and want solid and cheap mexican food , check out del yaqui . oh , and the owners are quite nice to top it off !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's tucked into the mad max-like mercado , but once you get past that , this is the best mexican food in this part of town . i 've never had a bad meal here - i ca n't say the same for the far more crowded los taquitos down the way . delicious carne asada on thick , tasty tortillas , and salsa with a real kick . it 's all i 've ever asked for in this world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good . service and hospitality was also good . price of bottled beer was a little high . i did not expect to pay $ 25 ( including $ 2 tip ) for two combination plates and two modelo beers . the funniest thing about this place was that they serve the food on glass plates but give you plastic ware to eat it with . i will go back for more but will probably stick to soda or water .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best mexican food in the phoenix area . i 've been going there for , what , like 10 years ? still perfect . still awesome . i got two carne asada tacos and the carne asada burrito . the meat is so good . the burrito has the right mix of meat , beans , cilantro , and seasonings . we 'll go back for at least 10 more years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got carne asada burritos . my first impression was 4.5 stars because of not many salsa options , but by the end of the burrito i realized it was n't necessry . the meat has a ton of flavor and the tortillas are amazing . the staff is also very friendly . i 'll definitely be back any time i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down one of the best chile rellenos i have ever eaten . big portions and reasonable prices . the carnitas and lengua are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly i am at a bit of a loss as to why this place is rated so highly . i have been there twice and both times have been supremely disappointed . the place is totally dirty ( i dare you to look at the floor behind the counter ... ) and the food is far from fresh or tasty . i had a tamale the first time and it was dry and oily . the second time i had tacos and the meet was over done and chewy ( not is a good way ) . i know some before have claimed that this place is authentic but i must disagree . spare your self and look toward yelp highly rated mexican grills in phoenix if you want a fiesta for your taste buds and your wallet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our family of four had a fantastic authentic mexican meal , complete with margaritas and a beer for under $ 50 . considering we were staying at the arizona grand , this was definitely a `` other side of the train tracks '' location , even though it was only 0.8 miles away . but the food was great , the service was great , and we did n't have to wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is reasonably priced and delicious ! the tamales were amazing . i will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good ! i went with some friends . we tried various things like the burritos , chimichangas , and such . i had the lengua burrito . it was tasty . a good amount of meat and the tortilla was amazing , as most authentic carbs are . : ) the staff was friendly . i will definitely go back if i 'm in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burritos i have tasted , love the arizona burrito and lengua tacos . well worth the money you spend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm all for spending money on mom and pop shops that carry good food , but man this place really set a challenge . worst customer service experience . ordered the birria , which was basically bones in broth ( $ 9 ) asked if she can please change it to pozole ( $ 8 ) without mentioning the prices . the rolling of the eyes , passive aggressive attitude , but the waiting for sure took the prize . took about 15 minutes ( no new customers were arriving ) for the pozole to be ready , but instead of bringing it to the table ( as she did before ) yelled out the order as if it was my fault the give out bones in a plate . the pozole was pretty good , but nobody should be welcomed with a negative attitude specially if i 'm being polite and courteous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was hoping for more when visting el yaqui , but it definitely was n't a bad experience . i 'd like to start by stating that i love the setup of the guadalupe mercado . i wish they had more businesses inside because it has a really pleasant , town square type atmosphere . i plan to try san diego bay at the next earliest opportunity as well . el yaqui restaurant is quaint and understated inside , i have to say i really preferred it to the atmosphere of some of my fav mexi-quick-stops ( los taquitos and salazar bros ) . the flautas ( chicken and shredded beef ) were decent , but not entirely filling . i 'm used to leaving this kind of restaurant almost uncomfortably full ! the only downside is the modest menu and slightly more expensive prices . if there were n't any options nearby i may consider bumping it up a star . i would head back to el yaqui , and maybe try and grab something else or at least hang out on the patio for a bit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had their machaca con huevos ... it was n't very good . there sopes and tacos are really good ... 3 stars cuz the machaca was really disappointing . usually i would give em 4 ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i went here twice and i hated it the first time . i do n't know if i got a bad cut of meat or what , but my burrito was a bit too fatty . i think it was the red chile burrito , or something . having said that , i recently gave it another shot and and went for the carne asada burrito . very , very good . the cut of the beef is a little thicker than the usual salazar 's or filiberto 's burrito , but it was really good regardless . oh , and the beans in there were awesome , too . it did n't have guacamole and i did n't notice till it was too late , but i 'll be sure to get some in there next time . overall , i give it 3 stars because i really hated my first visit , but their carne asada is completely legit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a friend recommended this place to us , which was a little difficult to find . so remember to turn on to the parking lot then the gate will be visible to the plaza `` mercado '' . i had the chicken soup with corn tortillas and the hibiscus drink ( jamaica ) . the soup was well flavored and the chicken cooked to perfection . my spoon easily cut through the meat . the staff was very hospitable and entertaining . all my friends enjoyed theirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have cockroaches ! when i got up to the counter to pay , one small roach was running across the counter and a baby roach followed . eat at your own risk ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these truly are the best tacos around . i have eaten here may times over the last 25 years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service , they messed up my order the fiest time ( my fault for not saying without salsa ) then i pay for another 4 tacos so i can enjoy them and get the tacos to go to give them to my friends bf and they pack 4 tacos in a 1 taco container so salsa is now covered in my tacos and they got soggy . i asked the guy who did this and why would they do that and he said well what do you want me to do i 'm not replacing them . so do n't go there unless you want terrible service . will be telling all my friends to never go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good mexican food ! i go for the tortas . the menudo is very tasty , i would recommend this to anyone . the green chili plate is also a great choice . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i tried del yaqui on saturday for lunch . yum ! once we found the entrance to the courtyard we found two other restaurants inside . the food was very good and not greasy . very reasonable price and nice proprietress . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious and well priced . man , do these owners know how to cook ! their food is made fresh with quality ingredients . if you are looking for genuine , hole-in-the-wall mexican food , you 've found the spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found botas juarez by accident , i was lost . i pulled into a parking lot to enter different co-ordinates in the gps . i saw the store and decided to check it out . they have a good selection of all kinds of western wear . i bought some really nice outfits for my grandson ( yes they even have kids sizes and a large selection of kids cowboy boots for the cowboy or cowgirl ) . i even found a nice selection of guayabera shirts . if you do n't mind buying your western boots `` off the rack '' instead of having a pair custom made , they have a great selection at good prices . i 'm so glad to have found botas juarez . and yes , i entered its location on my gps ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called around because i needed some stylish cowboy gear . they were really friendly over the phone and completely honest and upfront with their pricing . when i stopped down they had a good selection and they were bilingual which helped my gf because her english is no bueno . i would highly recommend them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , they offer a good layaway plan , great selection . i wish they had more womens boot options but they have what u need and that 's what matters . really good customer service though . i had a good trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am unsurprised by the lack of reviews because i am aware vegas is devoid of european culture . most polish restaurants delis have gone out of business moved and have been replaced with mexican restaurants ( as if the city was severely lacking mexican cuisine ) . this place is in the middle of town but i am thankful everyday that it exists . this sklep is small and the owners seem to prefer those who are american to polacy.they have polish baking flour , an assortment of pickled goods such as kapusta , pre-made soups ( barszcz , bigos ) farmers cheese , frozen pierogi ( although these are incomparable to homemade ) tymbark juices , teas , rye bread , spicy ketchup , mustards , sweets ( wawel and e. wedel chocolates ! ) , etc.. behind the deli counter they have an assortment of kielbasa and cheese . when i 'm lucky i am able to find almette smietankowy ( yogurt spread ) . if the polish deli goes out of business , fuck it ... . i 'll move to chicago .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a pretty neat place ! they sell lots of freshly made pepperonis and sausages . mmm smokey ! the farmer 's cheese is good - more pungent that what american farmer 's cheese tastes like . the coconut princessa wafer-candy bar was yummy ! ! ! ( def . getting more of those ) . lots of fresh bread displayed . do they have pierogies ? is 15 flavors enough ? seriously ! sweet ones , savory ones -strawberry , plum , meat & potato , beef , cheese , too many to name . they run about $ 4-5 per package . have fun ! go wild ! a unique little jewel in vegas . closed sundays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best deli in vegas ! ! ! amazing meats , polish products , chocolate and candy . everything you need ! they get their meat fresh from andy 's a polish deli in chicago . shipment every monday , fresh ! ! ! ! love the deli , love the owners , love the clean clean clean store ! definitely make your way there . i was born in poland and lived most my life in chicago . so i know polish food and delis very well . this is where everyone should buy their meats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a serious lack of any polish places in vegas , this felt like my old neighborhood deli back in chicago . bread , `` bulki '' , kielbasa ... .all the przyprawy you need for a polish fest ! i have always had a pleasant experience here every time i go . people are very nice , answer all my questions , let me know when things come in if its out . a true gem in the vegas community !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! best polish sausage in the world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is nice . i am glad to find someplace to buy polish food . i moved to california from chicago and was amazed that i could n't find polish food anywhere near me so when i went to las vegas i tried this place and was very happy . the only thing they did n't have was my krakus ham but the had all the other polish food i have grown up with and it 's much cheaper then having someone ship it from chicago . looking forward to many trips back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a second `` generationer '' , finding this small polish shop was like hanging with my dad and uncles back in st. louis when they made the weekly run to the local polish deli . not large but clean . i wish i knew more of polish brands because they carry many in the dry goods , candies and drinks . i picked up some traditional horse radish sauces , some frozen periogi 's and then saw the fresh meats both in the deli glass counter but also behind the cashier . many types of kielbasa and traditional sausages . came right home and had an old school kielbasa , periogi 's and cabbage feast . i went on wednesday and owner said fresh bread is brought in on weekend from chicago . as far as people talking about not having or making sandwiches - traditional places like this do n't do that . but old school way is to break off a hunk of kielbasa and grab a piece of rye bread and go to town there in the store or in the car on way home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is greatly loved by my husband . he especially loves the keisha ( blood sausage ) i am finding that polish food is good too . this store has many items and good customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived in poland for a couple of years and had to make a stop at the polish deli to look around a buy a couple of things i had been missing . this store was so nostalgic and took me right back to many little shops i had been to in poland . joanna , the clerk was super nice and was very friendly . it was great getting to speak polish with a real pole again also ! this store had everything ... not a lot of options but something of everything . if you are wondering how corner shops are in poland this will give you a good little taste . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i 'm giving polish deli two stars . i used to love this place . alas , something has gone horribly wrong . rows and rows of empty shelves . diminished selection . what happened ? ? i used to stop by polish deli regularly . then , i got lazy , and ended up just going to euro delicacies because it was closer to my house . in the interim , however , euro delicacies has surpassed them with selection of polish goods . polish deli still has the biggest selection of pierogi and polish meats in town , but that 's not saying much . you can also pick up polish teas , over-the-counter drugs , and wedel chocolates , something i have n't seen elsewhere in town ( which are in the refrigerators because it 's like 90 degrees in the store ) . i 'll still stop by for my blueberry pierogi and kapusta czerwona ( red cabbage salad ) but , then again , maybe i wo n't . seriously depressing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been searching the city for a kielbasa like i remember from back home ... and now i have found it ! bought the dry hunters sausage , kielbasa krajana smoked canadian sausage , kielbasa weselna wedding style sausage , and my favorite milanowek milky cream fudge . all absolutely delicious ! store was very busy and the owners were very nice ! ca n't wait to go back and try more ! dziekuje ci bardzo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a nice little family owned spot in a strip mall . they had so many different polish items . i ended up getting kabanosy , polska kielbasa , candies and of course pierogis ! ! ! worth checking out and i will be back again . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had an amazing experience in the polish deli ! my father is trying to impress a young polish girls so we stopped in to learn a little about the culture and try some of the food . what a delight as we tried the best sausages we 've ever had ! talk about addicting ! the cashier showed us several candies , cookies and snacks that would be familiar to the polish and we took several home with us . the place is so wonderful and the service was great . she even taught us some of the polish language ! i highly recommend ! we 're new faithful clientele !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the people that rated this store do n't have any idea of what polish food is.granted the store is quite small and limited as to inventory but the shelves are not empty , in fact quite full.the owners who work there are very helpful and polite.the selection of meats and sausages is always fresh the best blood sausage and ham in town.as to the ac it has been fixed and very nice place to shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great blood sausage , and lots of other wonderful meats to explore . the proprieters are very nice & helpful , and the prices are excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prices were n't so bad . i wish they had more to choose from though . it 's a small owned business with fresh meats at the front counter . they have snacks , frozen foods and meats . i grow up in ohio and you could easily find polish food there , but vegas is lacking this . employees were nice and let you shop without bothering you . i end up spending close to 40 bucks and could of kept going . i will return to try things i have n't before .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice selection of deli meats and sausages , they also carry a small selection of refrigerator and frozen foods . the prices are good and the owners friendly . store is very clean and well organized . check them out . i always feel better when i patronize a local , family owned business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the only place in las vegas to get real polish sausages and other polish food and delicacies . the service is also great and friendly . i shop here once a month and stuff my freezer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! all the foods i remember as a kid ! i have tried so hard to find some place that sold the same things i remember when i was a kid and it was nice to finally find one after eight years of searching this place is amazing will definitely be back ! ! ! you can tell it 's a mom-and-pop shop which is absolutely perfect and great and how it should be ! they were friendly helpful the prices are very reasonable ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for some great polish food this is the only place in vegas that has what you need . they have a nice selection of kielbasa , pierogies , dumplings and cheeses . so many other little items that you ca n't find any place else . its hard to only buy a few items when you 're here as everything looks and smells sooooo good . if your looking for some great polish comfort food this is your place . stop by and give them a try you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i searched the vegas valley for polish food made just like a polish deli , polka sausage , in calumet city , il. , a south suburb of chicago , offered . after trying several different polish deli 's in the las vegas and henderson , nevada area , my parents found this place and the food is an identical match ! along with my aunt and uncle and now my grown kids , the ( 8 ) of us have been going only here for well over a decade . the kids and i love the cheese , potato , meat and plum pierogi 's , which are actually made back home in chicago ! totally a family favorite ! they are also offered in sauerkraut . my parents , aunt and uncle always get kiska , fresh and smoked sausage , dried sausage , and deli ham and they all are delicious too ! i totally recommend this place , you ca n't go wrong here . they also offer all the traditional polish cookies , cakes , pastries , candy , crackers , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's very clean and has authentic polish items from chocolate to perogis to even the beverages ! also the owner is so nice i felt like i was back in poland again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've visited the polish deli countless times . the same friendly couple have been running the place for as long as i can remember ! they 've got all of your polish cravings , from kielbasa to pierogi ! i would definitely recommend the fresh sausage and the black forest ham ! the prices are also very reasonable as well . overall , if you 're looking for something new , give polish deli a visit ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the store you need to go to if you love polish food . the store has a great selection of polish food as well as great customer service , and friendly owners . i will be coming back for all of my polish food needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really delicious made to order afternoon tea with a wide variety of tea to choose from . she even catered for our lactose free friend by doing a doing tea . even the cucumber sandwiches tasted amazing which is a feat i think . we had the backroom almost to ourselves and did n't feel rushed at all . i would highly recommend this for an informal afternoon tea . i have also previously had afternoon tea to take away which was equally delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place : it is elegant and tidy , the service is impeccable , and the start is nice and friendly . the quality of the craigs is very good and the portions are generous , particularly if you want a cream tea with jam . the thing i love the most was the possibility of getting gluten free stuff , which is still very rare in the uk , where gluten allergy is quite overlooked . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! i did n't stay for a sit down . but i am definitely going back . my lord , everything looks scrumptious . and lots of gluten free things ... .. cakes ! ! ! ! hot ahhh ! ! ! ! ! as i am cake and tea mad . hasta prontito !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily the best afternoon tea around . it 's so nice to have loads of different fresh savouries rather than a pile of sandwiches . the teas are lovely and i always buy a salad to take home for later they 're incredibly tasty . seems to be lots of vegan options now which my husband is keen to try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casa angelina ... what has become of you ? i go away for a year , i come back and find that casa angelina has become darker and far less welcoming . the cakes on the table look a bit dry and tired . where are all the vegan gluten free options ? ! the staff seem indifferent . the interior still looks cosy but it is chilly as we are the only customers . my friend ordered a bowl of porridge which looked quite gey and glutinous . i order the scone feeling disappointed at the cakes on offer . the pots of jam are still generously filled but the clotted cream has been swapped for some meesily portion of whipped cream with vanilla and sugar . the scone itself is very good , but scones are difficult to get wrong really ... it costs 50p to use a card if the transaction comes to less than \u00a310 so i end up paying \u00a35.90 for a mediocre overheated cappuccino and the scone . it 's sad to mark down what was such a lovely little cafe but circumstances called for it..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "be sure to call or email in advance for the gluten free scones , which are made fresh per requests . these are the best gluten free scones i have ever had , served with delicious whipped cream and jam ! the selection of teas is great as well . we tried a very interested chocolate tea , which was yummy . the scones were the show stealer though , and are the reason that i would take a 6 hour train trip back just for these ! so so good ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely little place . very chic , lots of cake and a back room with a few seats ! perfect way to hide on an afternoon in the heart of the city and to grad a good catch up with a friend too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a basement level space with friendly service and a tiny room to sit in in the back . what really impressed me here was the quality of the food , given it appears to be just a small cafe space . we had a falafel sandwich with yoghurt and chilli jam , as well as a sunblush tomato sandwich with philadelphia and some other things ... in short , the sandwiches were really , really tasty and came with a small variety of their daily salad . also , the millionaire 's shortbread was ridiculous . i could feel a sugar headache coming on after half the bar , but was totally worth it . in short : great sandwiches , decadent cakes , good coffee = winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from beginning to end , this was as good as it gets . emily , who took my repair requests ( and a few changes ) was as helpful and delightful as could be . the technician ( whose name i forget ) , was knowledgeable , capable , and had great communication . i would not hesitate to recommend happy hal 's , which will be my `` go-to '' for future needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would like to update my review . the owner of the company called me after he saw my review . he was upset at the service i received and apologized profusely . he wanted to know what he could do to keep my business . on their website , i found this paragraph `` happy hal 's holds a solid reputation of excellent workmanship and good moral integrity . any mistakes made by happy hals are held responsible too happy hals and are always either fixed or improved at our expense . '' i feel this company went the extra mile for customer service . i feel this company has good moral integrity and therefore i will continue to use them for all my rv needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , i had two others look at my air conditioner james even told me a lot of information over the phone free advise ( you do n't see that these days ) they came out fixed the problem in no time . do n't call anyone else these guys know there stuff and get it done fast . i will only call them when i need help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he was extremely helpful , on time , and very honest . will always call him when i need rv repair . the best rv repair i have found .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need any repair done on your rv , james is the person to contact . made an appointment , he showed up that same afternoon . fixed a leak on a pipe leading to my gray water tank . such a professional in his field and provides knowledge on how he is fixing the problem . finally an honest company to deal with on repairs . please call if you need any type of rv repair , do n't go anywhere else.. james is the man and the owner ! thank you so much again , you have customers for life ... . r & r monaco", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a fantastic job repairing the air conditioner on the rv . the rates were reasonable . james halford set up an appointment and actually arrived early . recommend this repair service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a good experience with happy hal 's . my issue involved warranty work which meant phone calls and paid for in advance parts . james took care of all of it and when i arrived to have it installed he did so without problem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited 7 hours for repairman- showed up looked at gen 5 minutes tops- told me he had to pull the motor and take to shop major overhaul- charged $ 160 for nothing . i tinkered with it and found a loose connection got it running myself - zero stars", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you james you are awesome ! he is not only very knowledgeable and found our problem right away , he is a very nice young man ! ! we will let thousand trails know about our great experience with you and your company ! if you need rv work done , call james ! ! mark & linda", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in need of a shower repair with a leak somewhere in the shower wall , as well as a fantastic fan repair . called up james and got a repair scheduled the next day . james is a young guy , but is a throwback to when service folks were polite and went the extra mile for customer satisfaction . he quickly diagnosed the issue in the shower and the fan , and had it repaired . all this right at our site . and the bill was less than what i had built up in my mind . i might add that james warranties his repairs and will make it right if there 's an issue down the road . bottom line ; here 's a guy who knows his job , is honest , and is someone you 'd be comfortable with in your rig . i 'd give him 6 stars , but it 's not an option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just awesome ! they worked me in and jim was right on time and great to talk to ! he made quick work with a good diagnosis and i 'm ready to be on the road again ! thanks happy hal 's ! i will recommend you to anyone and everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so pleased with the service i received - he was so helpful and knowledgeable and pleasant . he knew right off what the problem was . with so many unethical people out there , i was shocked how amazing he was . i only regret that i am only able to rate him by 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we highly recommend hal 's service ! we had 3 things needing electrical fixing in our rv , and hal fixed all 3 , without the purchase of any parts . most knowledgable person i 've met regarding rvs . punctual and polite ... we will not hesitate to call him back , or refer him to anyone . btw , his rate was not $ 130 per hour ... it was $ 100 per hour , and well worth it . there was a $ 30 service fee , but what company does n't charge a fee for showing up at your door ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had a great experience with happy hal 's mobile rv service ! we have a class a diesel pusher that was having electrical problems . we called jim and he was there on the same day right on time . not only did he fix the problem right away he took extra time to answer any questions that we had about our rv as we are newbies . i highly recommend his service as he is very reliable and a very friendly person . danny & kathy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is truly the most affordable , professional & extremely nice team of people i have met in this industry . the owner & receptionist are outstanding . i love them and mostly my laminate wood is quality & looks beautiful . i own a business myself and being a business owner this is definitely how it should be ran run ... they are the best in town & i have gone to several places but this first impression was sold instantly . i will spread the word . keep up the good work ! audrey", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here a couple of times looking for shag carpet remnants that i can turn into an area rug . first of all , the service is fantastic ! such great people , especially alvaro . the prices for the remnants are great ! probably the most economical compared to the many places i 've been to . their binding services is also great and the most affordable in town . honestly , the people here treat you extremely well . i do n't have a big budget and yet , they treat me like a million dollar client .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason silverstein does a fantastic job managing our properties . he puts in a lot of hard work , and we appreciate that he customizes his approach to our requests . the main reason we keep our properties with axis is that we trust them . we did look at other companies before deciding on axis , and they were the only company that we trusted . they were not overly focused on selling to us , and they were focused on talking about details to come to an agreement on how the properties would be managed . in real estate , it is hard to find trust , and i would highly recommend checking this company out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have referred multiple clients and business partners to jason and his staff and they have always taken great care of my referrals . jason is an expert on the real estate landscape in the valley and will take the headache out of managing a rental property . if you are looking for great communication , a competitive price and ease of business , axis property advisors is for you . give them a call , you will be happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "william did an awesome job painting for us once again ! he painted all of my kitchen cabinets and let me tell this was not an easy task but he finished the job flawlessly and i am so happy with the results ! ! he has painted most of our house over the past year and have enjoyed getting to know him . he takes such pride in his work and it shows . i would highly recommend him to anyone , you will be 100 % satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "william did an awesome job at a very fair price . i felt very comfortable being home alone with him and leaving him in my home . i had an idea of paint colors but was n't sure about exact colors and he helped me decide what would look good . he is n't part of a large company , it is his own business and he really takes pride in his work . he 's also an artist and i think that gives him a better eye than your average painter . he has a facebook with some of his work . https : www.facebook.com pages trustworthy-painting 284875779364 ? fref=ts", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend using william to paint your house ! he did a wonderful job for us and we are so pleased with his work . the prices do n't break the wallet and he was accommodating and friendly to work with . we plan on using him for any future painting we may need . thank you william : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hilarious gift shop full of every inappropriate knicknack imaginable . i spent three years of grad school in madison and pipefitter was always a staple on campus for friends ' birthdays and special occasions . their new space is better organized and stocked with everything from tee shirts to sunglasses to gag gifts galore . check it out if you have a sense of humor and love for some really funky souvenirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fun little store on state st. that sells gag gifts and hookahs . i got a door mat that says `` butter my butt and call me a biscuit , look who 's here ! '' it 's going to look great in front of my door . they also have an awesome selection of greeting cards for any occasion . pretty sure you will not be able to resist and end up buying a bunch of things you do n't really need but are cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people at pipe fitter were very friendly , the prices were good , and it was easy to talk to them and get some ideas about what i was looking for . if i did n't live 1000 miles away , i 'd definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a smoker ... of anything , and i love coming to this store ! in fact , every time i visit state street , i come here to see what 's new . the gag gifts are pretty funny and the t-shirts are hilarious . they have an amazing and beautiful selection of pipes and hookahs , tons of tobacco and an incredible selection of incense ! this store is like spencer 's gifts twin ... ..it 's very similar , yet just different enough to stand out on it 's own . 26 2015", "score": "5"}
{"review": "haha ! good ol ' pipefitter 's ! ! i actually refer this store as the bong shop . i have never seen so many bongs , bowls and any other weird contraption like things to smoke your `` tobacco '' out of . no , i 'm not into the wacky tabacy but some of the bowls they have are absolutely gorgeous . they are hand blown glass and most of them are kept in a glass case because they are pretty expensive . the rest of the store is pretty much like a spencers . tons and tons of gag gifts , t- shirts , cards , books . anything you can think of..and yes tons of stuff for you pervs out there ! lol ! : ) ~ everytime i visit madison i make sure to drop in and just look around..very entertaining !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store and their inventory . you find here funny t-shirts , funny door mats , gag gifts and more . forks that extend across the table , grow your woman toys . funny , inappropriate greeting cards . my kind a place to entertain my friends and family . also carry cool jewelry made from fruit pits . they have a sales section in the middle of the store 50 % off selected t-shirts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am always happy with the service here . today i bought a vape after talking with kat . she is really informed about the product lines and latest technology . this is my third vape and the only one i am genuinely happy with , and that is out of the box with no tinkering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and knowledgable staff . just bought some huf shirts and socks and a book for a friend . great gift selection too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people who work here are very approachable . my friend was looking for incense but they did n't have any , all they had was scented candles but they were able to recommend my friend a place where he could find some , i 'm sure the candles would have been nice . at least they were friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you know , the staff here is pretty fantastic i 'd have to say . i do n't know any of em ' personally , but for the few times i 've been in , and they 're spot on with their sense of humor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fun place to visit whenever you 're walking down state street , just for the sake of looking at all the eyebrow-raising gag gifts and clever accessories that they sell . the selection of glass pipes is somewhat limited , and i do n't have a lot of confidence their quality . on top of that , the prices here are pretty damn steep , making pipefitters much better for a place for window shopping than for actually picking up something you 'll like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "therapists and office staff get a 4 star review . but policy 's are terrible ! if you cancel or are late by 5 minutes 2-3 times in a row they want to put you on a probation period . but if you are waiting in the lobby for more than 5 minutes to see a therapist they seem to ignore that ? they do n't care if you were in the hospital , urgent care , dying or sick . i am hesitant to ever go back but i do have to say the therapist are okay and sweet but lacking in concise plans , goals and follow up . it 's a revolving door and they just want to fill up every slot they have seven days a week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dear ann marie , thank you for your comment ; however , you never tried to call us . i had to call back three days later and spoke to another supervisor about our situation . i was basically told the same thing with no resolution . the supervisor even apologized to me for not returning my call . she said she was , ironically , out sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my 12 year old son goes to mlfct once a week for occupational therapy . he has a seizure disorder and developmental delays . i drive all the way from boulder city because it is worth the drive . kerri is really good with my son and understands his struggles . working with kerri , my son is slowly coming out of his shell and learning new skills that can help him in everyday life . i see the other therapists and how they interact with the children . they are very caring and the kids seem to really like them . a place like this is definately needed in las vegas and i 'm so thankful that they are open everyday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been months since i initially called this place to schedule an evaluation for my daughter . they have called me twice the day of to try to get her in . really ? ? people have jobs , i can not just drop what i am doing and run there . i have asked them multiple times for at least a week in advance notice , they just say they will put it on our file . who is in charge of this place ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was having trouble getting my son into the clark county school district speech therapy program when we first moved , and a friend of mine recommended my left foot . she said that sharon , one of the speech and language pathologists there , did a wonderful job with her daughter . we only went once because then the school system called , but i was really impressed by the programs they had -- not just speech but physical therapy , yoga , aquatic classes and more . they work with a wide variety of developmental issues to help those kids get on a more even playing field with their peers , just when they need it most .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually do n't take my youngest sister in for her appointments , as i just moved down here after getting out of the military , but for some reason she wanted me there . i was a little nervous and felt a bit out of place ... that is until i walked in the door ; it was a totally friendly atmosphere and the munchkin seemed to know everyone . we were called back right on time and kimberly , my sister 's speech therapist , seemed very sincere and warm . i loved the way she spoke to the little one ( i 'm a bit overprotective ) and how she was somehow able to keep her attention throughout the whole session . the woman never lost her patience , or looked as if she were anything other than happy to be there . it 's nice to know my family is being taken care of no matter where i am on the globe . the people there truly care for our children , or in my case , siblings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this facility has many adaptive programs that are great for kids of all ages . i love how the therapists strive to make kids comfortable and at ease at all times . it is incredibly difficult to find such a caring center that treats so many different illness from physical to emotional ; all are included . one of the things i admire about this therapy center over all others in vegas , is their involvement in the community . while making money is great , there are very few centers that raise funds for and lend a helping hand to non profits . to all who participated from my left foot children 's therapy- thank you for doing the buddy walk for southern nevada down syndrome association ! i really admire the staff , classes and organization that is my left foot children 's therapy and highly recommend them for your kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my left foot children 's therapy has amazing therapists ! my family and i are so thankful ! ! my niece is doing so well after seeing the therapists at my left foot . my niece received all types of therapy . physical , occupational , speech , and feeding . after being born at 24 weeks my niece had several complications and was in the nicu for four months . she is now 1 ( almost 2 ) and is functioning at age level . we are so blessed that she survived being born so early . we also thank the therapists for all their hard work and dedication to my niece ! i would recommend this place to everyone ! they truly treated my niece as if she was their own . thank you so much my left foot ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "therapist are good people , company horrible . my daughter has cerebral palsy and i have been waiting for disability and medicaid to give me an answer if they will help me with her medical bills . i have private insurance but need help with deductibles and copays . i owe my left foot approx $ 400 and they are not willing to wait for response or on a payment plan , they have also denied therapy for my daughter until paid in full . last week i received a noticed from them from small claims i am being sued . these people are in business for the money do n't really care about the children 's needs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my left foot children 's therapy has a great sense of community involvement . the office center is nice , and they offer a wide variety of services-not just personal therapy , but special classes such as yoga and tae kwon do . super cool . i feel like many places do not offer what this place does . they are also open 7 days a week , which is really convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love my left foot childrens therapy . our family is from honolulu , hawaii . we come here for speech therapy . i would travel there in an instant before being faced with the terrible pediatric speech therapy we are faced with in hawaii . they are able to calm my son so quickly and help him learn . his tantrums are calmed in seconds . they dont restrain him like other therapists have.they try to understand him and find how he learns best . we miss you all and hope to see you soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a pizza while at the national coming out day event , which celebrates the actual coming out day on the october 11th . the prices here are better than the foodtrucks at the event , and they accommodate vegans .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disgusting . i promise you that you need to run away from this place . do n't do it . the food is abysmal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i placed an order online and waited over an hour and a half . i called the restaurant and was told he left 15 minutes ago and should be there soon . 20 minutes later i called back to cancel . the delivery guy just showed up a full hour after the original delivery time . what a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible food , horrible service . menu of store changed to milanos from pizza bella because so many bad reviews . pizza is so thin , barely any cheese . 3 dollar del charge plus charge for card . only 1 dressing for an 8 dollar salad ! the sweaty angry old owner behind the phone hangs up on his customers ! beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this pizza is about as authentic as it gets my wife and i stopped down to grab a couple slices but when we saw the menu we ended up with a large pizza a gyro a bella asada fries and the best canolies i 've ever eaten best part it only costed about $ 35 inexpensive and delicious well worth the visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this does n't top my list in terms of castle , but nonetheless fun to see if you happen to be in kirkcaldy . i parked down buy the beach then had to do some searching to figure out just how on earth to actually access the castle . giant stair walk , then residential walk , then park walk later i was able to locate this castle . the park is quite big with access to a playground for kids so that 's a bonus of you want to stretch out the day . it 's nice , by the beach and free to access , but after the likes of st bridget 's kirk and arbedour castle this place pales in comparison .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ravenscraig castle is a big part of kirkcaldy`s history , it is now nothing more than ruins but it tells a great story . many people visit the ruins over the summer period and there are tours available at certain times . throughout the site there are lots of things to read and see and when you have visited the castle there is a beautiful walkway through the trees that if you follow all the way takes you to the beach on the banks of the river forth . if you have kids then there is also a brand new playpark area to visit and there is a snack van and ice cream van there through the summer period . an interesting and educational place to visit but fun too and a great place for photo oppertunities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as one of the other reviewers had mentioned before ; it is not the best decor inside or outside , but the food is great . i have to say that the gyro here is probably amongst the best gyros i have had before . you would n't imagine a place that is essentially bare to have some amazing food , but this place does it . i also had the pierogies with the cooked onions , and it was mouth watering . this is a great place if you like gyros and other mediterranean food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nor much to look at on the outside , and minimalist on the inside as well . the menu was extensive and what i saw all looked appetizing . i ordered the signature item , the gyro , which was very good . do n't judge this place bio the outside , the food is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like the others reviews - not much in the way of decor . the food is great ! staff is always pleasant . the chicken gyro is very tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come for the gyro and do n't forget the handmade pierogies ! ! i was in love with the thought of a great not frozen piece of tasteless meat gyro and i fell even more in love with the pierogie dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is delicious . there is something for everyone . i had quite possibly one of the best gyros of my life here . family friendly , not too modern looking but the food makes up for it . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must do if you 're in town . gyros are fantastic . love the baklava . super cheap prices . the ambience could use a little work but that 's not what i come here for ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't believe the high ratings for this s thole . food is passable . restaurant is beyond filthy . arms stick to the tables because they 're never cleaned . witnessed a drug deal go down , with the staff while waiting for my order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome little place been there a few times never a bad meal food is great and fair priced made to order", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the gyro , was thrown for a loop when she asked me if i wanted sour cream or cucumber sauce but the finished product was great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a bakers that sells great cakes and lovely fresh rolls and bread . you are served quickly and efficiently by the staff . they also do a mean hot sausage roll . there are lots of harry gow 's in inverness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a fabulous bakers in inverness . there are a few in inverness . they sell wonderful cakes , rolls , soup and pastries . it is a popular place to buy lunch but does n't tend to get too crowded and you get served quickly . their rolls are fresh and made to order . i love their tuna salad rolls but you can get many different fillings . they also make lovely sausage rolls that are warm . their soup is also very tasty , with a different soup on offer each day . they have lovely cakes from mini banoffi pies to dream rings . their chocolate elcairs are wonderful . even thinking about harry gows makes me hungry ! the staff are always friendly and service is efficient . prices are also reasonable . the lovely smell of fresh bread and cakes will certainly entice you in to have a look !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a slightly better quality but over priced greggs . most recently i was stung by having to pay \u00a31.70 for a bit if caramel shortcake the size of a post it . however they do a delicious cup cake with icing in the centre . the hot food is ok , and the butterys are to die for , allegedly ( buttery = someone sitting on a croissant and still trying to sell it to you , usually anywhere north if perth ) but i ca n't say i 've been tempted to try them . if u want something hot go somewhere else independent , if you want a cake it 's good , but overpriced . what ever you say they keep the rampant greggs pastry monster out of the north so they must be doing something right . that or there is a sadly lacking choice for hot lunchtime snacks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 stars for th name alone ! i actually do n't know much about this place except my dream is to buy it and turn it into a dim sum restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you just have n't lived until you have eaten a harry gows dream ring . one of my pals has a record of 7 dream rings one after another . not very clever and did involve being a bit unwell afterwards . there are a few harry gows in inverness and one in alness and another in tain so there si no need to do without", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality all the way , just wish they would open a cafe . dream rings and marzipan apples are fantastic . morning rolls are best in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "harry gow 's is an excellent bakery . my mum ordered my 21st birthday cake from here and it was perfect . the sponge was soft and light , the buttercream and jam filling was delicious and the icing and decoration was beautiful . the bakery also does great bread , rolls and other cakes - if you are in inverness it is worth a try for traditional bakery goods rather than supermarket ware .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic , they made my wedding cake just the way i wanted it . it looked stunning and tasted amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i were very dissapointed with this place . we went for all you can eat during dinner , and we were not happy with the service at all . our waitress always forgot our order , we had to keep reminding her and she would still forget our order . she didnt even come back to clear our table and give us the bill , we had to go up ourselves . the food did not seem fresh , and the dishes were very dirty . one thing that really put me off was the washroom.. it was filthy ! i was to grossed out to stay in so i just left . things like that always make me wonder.. if the place cant even keep the cutlery or washrooms clean , what makes you think the kitchen and food is clean ? just a heads up people , you can definitely go to a better restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for lunch all you can eat sushi and ordered following list ( with reviews ) : dj dragon roll ( 9pcs ) - simple . not a lot of flavour . nothing special to talk about . next . spicy california crunch roll ( 10pcs ) - very filling . deep fried potato wafers with spicy mayo in a cali crunch roll . decent taste . red devil roll ( 8pcs ) - spicy . jalape\u00f1o pepper slices topped off this roll with spicy tuna and avocado . good taste . nothing jumps out . mississauga paradise ( 8pcs ) - known as the most popular roll . good flavour . wish bbq eel was in this . ginger slices didnt taste fresh . overall : alright sushi . nothing mind blowing . fit the bill for a lunch of all you can eat sushi . found a lot of the special rolls were `` california roll with '' various ingredients . more creativity would be appreciated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there are a lot of options on their menu . the first time i went i had teriyaki chicken and the second time i went i had sushi . the service is extremely slow . when i asked for my bill she served other people and then was standing by the sushi bar chatting with her coworker . even though there was a long wait for my meal she offered me some miso soup salad for free . but that does n't help when you have to get back to work though . even though the service is slow , the waitress is nice enough . dont go there if you have somewhere to be by a certain time after . the teriyaka was lame and not well presented and the sushi was okay . id go again to try cold sushi bc there are so many options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we used groupon voucher for take out and was disappointed as value was not there . freshness for 50 pieces platter was ok at best , they did not give miso soup nor salad or tea . oceans grocery store next door would have been better for prices we paid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to the other ayce places in the area , this place is probably the worst that i 've ever been to . the food looked nothing like the pictures on the review page here , and the taste was mediocre at most . i ordered my food at 7:30 pm , and by 8:30 , some of the dishes had n't come out yet . when i inquired , they said they probably did n't make it `` because they were closing soon '' ( 9pm closing time ) . honestly , i do n't know what kind of business runs on the mentality that it 's okay to not produce a customer 's order , and follow it up with that excuse when questioned . if you want to close down the kitchen , close down the restaurant first ! and i think that 30 minutes is enough time to make an appetizer , not to mention 1.5 hours ! i would not recommend this place and i would never come back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went for the all you can eat lunch meal . i must say the kitchen food , i.e . the chinese and thai dishes were not good at all . we ordered the dry chili chicken , general tao and sweet and sour . all of them were sub-par . i 'm only giving this 3 stars because the sushi was decent . notice i said decent - not very good . out of the ones we ordered , i would say the red dragon rolls were the best . however , there are much better sushi places in mississauga . the only reason why i would suggest someone to go here is because of the low price . $ 15.99 is decent lunch price for even all you can eat sushi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for lunch with my mom as she wanted to try it out . i 've never heard of the restaurant but looked it up on yelp and decided to stay away from the sushi . we ordered the shrimp tempura and chicken pad thai . i can see why people say to stay away from anything sushi related because the tempura was extremely bland and unappealing . the pad thai was the only redeeming quality of our meal . price of the meal was average and the quality of the service was mediocre at best . washroom was dirty and the light over the sink would hit my head if i did n't duck ( i 'm 5'11 ) . tons of better sushi restaurants in the gta to try instead of zem-one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dined there and i must say it was the worst service ever , the prawn manchurian was stale and they did n't give serving spoons with anything . the waitress brought cold chicken corn soup and dipped her thumb init , seriously bad . also did a take-out one time for chicken corn soup , ordered a large and the serving was half that of what they give when u dine in , not enough for even 2 people , same with the chicken manchurian stale and mostly just sauce with 3 pieces of chicken . take out from here definitely not a good idea", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found the lunch price 15.99 weekdays and 17.99 on weekends a little pricey . but the food is good and service is getting better . i wish the menu was easier to understand . it is a bit confusing . they need to simplify the ayce menu not just have one menu for both a la cart and ayce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i had heeded the advice of other posters here on yelp , and stayed away . this place is their way or no way . now i know why they have to continue to get their business from coupon sites , preying on the unknowing . if you bought , get a refund before it 's too late . enough said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hot and sour soup was soooo salty ! ! the edamame had too much salt . the thai basil dish does not taste good . it 's sweet and minty . gross . the red curry was sooooo salty ! the salad is watery . the booth was wobbly . this place does not care to improve on the many bad reviews they get ! ! ! not coming here again and will not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is not the address of the store . they moved to square one and it 's not stated anywhere . once we were able to find the place it was highly disorganized , took way too long for our food , and the tables and booths were very uncomfortable and awkward . cheapest furniture i 've ever experienced . did not have a good time . probably wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is an interesting place to review . when i ordered for delivery , their sushi was amazing and delicious , better than most take-out delivery sushi . but for some reason when i eat in , and from most people i know that eat in ... there is nothing but disappointment . what is up with that ? it does n't even make sense really . when you order for delivery , they even give you complimentary things and discounts . i ca n't explain ... but so far it 's been true every single time . i think the major disappointment in this place is that even though it seems like they got all kinda of crazy different rolls ... it 's actually pretty much all just california rolls with different things on top . the prices are also not too friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice decor , nice ambience but overpriced . sushi is n't anything to write home about . i ordered this chicken stir fry type dish and i kid you not , i could 've made it at home . it was three pieces of cold chicken breast with teriyaki sauce drizzled on top and laid on a two pieces of lettuce . there were four steamed pieces of broccoli on each side of the plate and apparently that made it worth $ 14 . my friends ordered an assortment of sushi , rice and soup and by the time our food arrived ( 40 mins later ) our food was cold . one of my friends waited a full hour for her dish to arrive and it was disappointing . have n't gone there since and do n't intend on going their again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "red devil is the best roll you can have here ... a bit pricey for the food ... but all-you-can-eat deals are amazing ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "halal meat is served here . went here recently with party of 3 people . we decided to do the `` all you can eat '' price ( $ 21.99 per person ) since it was more affordable that way . we tried several of the sushi rolls , pad thai with chicken . thai mango with chicken , mango salad and spring rolls . everything was pretty good but the serving sizes were bit on the small side ( another reason why ayce option is better ) . the sushi rolls were very good quality . we also had fried banana with ice cream for dessert ( it was ok ) . service was friendly . nice atmosphere . good to have halal meat options at a sushi place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice looking place . ordered chicken pad thai for take out . great service . good food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , horrible service okay so we went for the all you can eat . first off they only brought half the things we ordered . then they came for last call , we made an order , only to have the waitress come back 30 minutes later and say that the kitchen closed already . how does a kitchen close before last call ? then we ordered dessert and were told that only ice cream is available . after ordering we were told we can only have one scoop each because they had to scoop it manually ( as opposed to robots who scoop it for them automatically ? ) worst experience ever . learn to treat customers with respect before serving tables . tipped them 10 cents .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad for a fast bite . i have been going to this particular location for about six years now . the food is always fresh , the employees enjoy helping their customers , and whenever something isnt up to par , they fix it right on the spot with no hesitation . if you 're hungry , on a budget , and wanting a good , quick bite to eat , whataburger can hir the spot . where else can you get a whataburger , medium drink , and fries for six bucks . the restraunt is always clean , food is fresh and hot , and the service is always quick . whatgurger is where to go when you want to treat yourself on a budget .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as you pass this whataburger you take a look at the restaurant and think how could the food be any good ? lol . well , the food is freakin awesome ! i decided to visit when i saw a national chain hamburger ranking on yahoo and saw whataburger in the top 3. so i came . i love all their burgers ! no joke . the fries are so dang good . not sure if this is good but the fries and drink come as a large . crazy i know but when food is this good i do n't mind . the service is above average when compared to other burger chains . i know most whataburgers do not look appealing but give this place a shot . enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not use the drive thru here , you 'll wait long enough to make you wish you would have abandoned your order 10 minutes ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another tradition as i leave sky harbor and head north in az . i ca n't get green chile burgers in my town , and these are big and beautiful with lots of chile . this last time i was here , though , the gal behind the counter assured me i wanted the green chile burger meal and i did n't check that out thoroughly enough . so what i ended up with was a double burger with cheese and chile ( plus fries and a drink ) . no , no , no . i wanted a hamburger with one patty , no cheese , and lots of chile . so be forewarned if you are not familiar with the menu ! when you get what you want , though , the burger is amazing . no reason to get those fries , they do n't add anything to the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big , juicy , meatly , cheesy burgers with an endless combination of toppings . the fried zuccini is also a nice change to the old burger and fry combo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointed , i ordered a hamburger for lunch and it was not appetizing at all . the bread was hard , the meat was dry and they put mustard , i did n't see a drop of ketchup . the dr. pepper tasted weird , i do n't think i 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good burger from a chain restaurant ! juicy , tasty , and cooked to perfection . good job", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in fellbach gibt es nicht so viele hotels , sodass unsere wahl auf dieses fiel . es liegt direkt in einem gewerbegebiet , was das ambiente auf die funktion `` unterbringung '' reduziert . aber das finde ich nicht schlimm . der service war freundlich und in ordnung . wir fragten nach der m\u00f6glichkeit in fellbach ein fitnessstudio zu besuchen - uns wurde daraufhin die telefonnummer eines clubs gegeben , mit der aufforderung , dort anzurufen . unter wirklich gutem service verstehe ich allerdings das angebot , die fragen f\u00fcr den gast selbst zu kl\u00e4ren . das zimmer ist einfach , aus den 70er jahren , nicht renoviert , aber im gro\u00dfen und ganzen sauber . schade war , dass das zimmer keine klimaanlage hatte , und die temperaturen \u00fcber 30 grad lagen - l\u00fcften fiel also aus . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck war prima - und hier kommen wir auch zu der begr\u00fcndung der 3 sterne . der fr\u00fchst\u00fccksraum ist modern , renoviert und neuwertig . das angebot umfangreich und k\u00f6stlich . vielen dank daf\u00fcr ! f\u00fcr 109 euro f\u00fcr eine n\u00e4chte inklusive fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , finde ich es allerdings etwas \u00fcberdurchschnittlich teuer , weil das paket etwas d\u00fcrftig ist .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "preiswert & gut ! kann jedem nur empfehlen , wer ein wochenende in fellbach oder stuttgart verbringen m\u00f6chte , sich hier einzuquartieren . sch\u00f6ne saubere zimmer - ein gutes preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dieses hotel ist sehr klein , die zimmer sind nach standardm\u00e4\u00dfig mit tv und minibar ausger\u00fcstet . das inventar und die r\u00e4umlichkeiten wirken schon etwas abgewohnt . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ist sehr \u00fcbersichtlich , was nat\u00fcrlich an der menge der g\u00e4ste liegt . die speisen waren frisch , der angebotene saft schien es aber nicht wirklich . das personal ist sehr freundlich . das hotel ist nur f\u00fcr leute mit geringem anspruch geeignet bzw . leute die nicht lange bleiben .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thank you thank you thank you sketch emergency saved ! superhero of the day ! ! ! very much appreciated -kristine bianchi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had kiko as our caricature artist at our christmas party and she was fantastic ! she drew families , couples , and singles and all her drawings looked just like cute , cartoony versions of themselves . i was was asked by several guests what her info was because they want to hire her in the future . i will definitely be using her again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sketch playground was hired for a work event of ours , and we got kiko as our artist . after a few drinks , my coworkers and i were ready to get drawn , and the caricatures were awesome and hilarious . i can attest to her skill , because even after i woke up from a bender the night before , the drawing still looked fantastic . it is now my facebook profile pic lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we asked kiko to join us for a health fair we had at work . she was a big hit ! her drawings were great and once she learned a little bit about you , she incorporated that into her caricatures . my employees were able to take something home wth them that they will cherish for a long time . we will definitely have her back at another work event", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had kiko drawing caricatures at our employee party and she was a hit ! not only were her drawings cute , but she made great conversation and made you feel relaxed as you were getting drawn . i 'll definitely be hiring her again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good and fresh burrito . my girlfriend had light tacos with lettuce for taco shells . she enjoyed them as well . interesting salsa selection that was tasty as well . good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go here ! ! ! ever ! ever ! really bad staff , service , and vibe ! ! ! ! trust me . do not go here ! ! ! i took a group of 6 there for cinco de mayo and the even messed that up . late poor bad service and food . you will have to beg for a water here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with my family this past weekend . we were looking for authentic mexican food ... did n't get it here but the food was really good . they start you off with 6 different salsas ( all were good but not spicy enough ) . my fave was the cilantro salsa which i asked for more of and the waitress kinda laughed at me . i did n't get that ... . but anyway the food was really good . the margaritas were awesome ! you definitely do n't get the portions that you would get at an authentic mexican restaurant but we all left full . i 'll probably go back again and give the service another shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ketzal is a great new mexican restaurant across from desert ridge marketplace . barely open a month they already have their act together the decor , some of it leftover from the asian restaurant that previously occupied the space , is great . modern , clean and colorful . cool bar area and a great dining room . the service was friendly and prompt , the food was good and the prices were very reasonable on their lunch menu . i had a chicken quesadilla and my partner had a burrito . both were the lunch portions which came with rice and beans . the meals were tasty and just the right size . we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is different from what i expected . the queso dip was a lukewarm congealed mess of what appeared to be mozzarella cheese and watered down alfredo . the ketzel burrito i tried had the same watered down alfredo type sauce on it , it was called white sauce on the menu . this `` white sauce '' is not good , and considering they drenched my poor burrito with it , as well as my friends quesadilla . the service was excellent except the table was asked how everything was by just about every employee on premises . it actually got to the point where their constant query 's were a interruption .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were deciding between pita jungle and ketzal ... what was i thinking ? the food is n't the traditional mexican fare by any means . the salsa platter was interesting . there was the usual pico de gallo , salsa , a runny version of guacamole , and the rest was a cream based something or other . the chips were fresh . i ordered the ketzal chicken burrito with the sauce on the side . it was good but not extraordinary . the rice was on the drier side . my friend had the shrimp tacos . the shrimp was flavorful but the black beans were kind of salty . the food is okay but not outstanding . the difference between this place and a rubio 's , la salsa or baja fresh is that well there is a bar and some mood lighting . i would n't say never again but then i 'm also not going to be running to the door either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all day happy hour on sunday ? we decided to try it out . the chips served with 6 different salsas : impressive . and free . and re-fill on the salsas . we were happy . i got the taco trip : chicken , shrimp , steak . they were smaller than i expected but good . the shrimp taco was the best in flavor . i wished i had gotten three of those instead of mixing it up . the nachos were okay , but the sight of melted cheese and sour cream atop soggy chips was unappetizing after a few minutes . the margarita ( frozen for $ 2.50 ) was pretty good actually . tasty , strong enough and great price . my daughter ordered the cheeseburger with fries and liked it . so that was a plus . we will come back for happy hour to try the avocado egg rolls and a few margaritas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "taco bell is more authentic then this place ! the chips and salsa are alright however the food was not edible , seriously ! i was the only person in the place and it took 20 minutes to get 2 carne asada tacos !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited twice . not a big fan of ketzal on either visit . small portions , mediocre quality . not impressed with the salsas which are more like salad dressings . they got me into the restaurant for a second visit with a coupon , then refused to honor the coupon . there is much better authentic mexican in town . i 'd prefer a rubio 's before ketzal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in with no expectations and was pleased but not blown away . the atmosphere is bright and modern but not particularly attractive . service is prompt and attentive . the food is a little overpriced but it 's good . nice fresh chips with a platter of different salsas to start ( the menu makes it seem like you have to order this , for a charge , but they must have changed their minds ) . the burritos and tacos were tasty , as were the refried beans ( not so for the rice ) . all in all , if someone asked me to join them for a meal there , i 'd be happy to do so , but i do n't know if i 'd run back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to start off with you get six different salsas and warm chips . our server ( forgot your name , nice tats by the way ! ! ) was amazing , she was great with my nephews and very patient ... i had two margs for $ 2 bucks each ( for their happy hour , which was also very good and apparently everyday ) they had a kids menu ( i guess kids eat free on tuesdays with purchase of adult entree ... big bonus for people with kids ) in my eyes it was like a high quality mexican street cart vendor or high quailty los betos . great prices , salads are very good ... i got machaca tacos ( not on the menu , but they made anyway ) with rice and black beans ( which were good as well ) i plan on definitely going back more times ! ! help this place stay open in n phoenix ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried ketzal by desert ridge for the first time tonight and were very impressed by the friendly staff , fresh-tasting food , and comfortable atmosphere . the salsa selection was especially fun , and the chips delicious . we 'll be going again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure why people rave about the margaritas , i think they either have no tequila , or it 's severly watered down . i agree , avoid the queso . had the happy hour beef burritos - salty and reminded me of taco bell , and the nachos - burnt but otherwise not bad , but not my favorite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could possibly give a 0 star i would . do not ever go to this so called restaurant . it was absolutely pitiful ! ! ! for almost $ 9.00 i got the `` shrimp camarones '' which consisted of a watery milk sauce , 4- count them 4 bay sized shrimp , 4 mushrooms and a half of a bag of chips . there were no beans and rice , nothing ! then the owner told me that the portion was enough to feed 2 people ? ? really , there was n't enough `` food '' for a single adult , let alone two . i am all about supporting local business , but i would have been better off going to del taco or taco bell and i would have gotten better food and we would have enough food to fill up 4 people for that amount of money . do n't waste your time or your hard earned money ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place really is a hidden gem ! nice quiet inn exterior right on the banks of the forth . inside is warm , welcoming and lets not forget the excellent food ! being a steak fiend it would have been rude not to try the steak here . this is simply the best sirloin steak i have ever tasted ! i am also happy to say when i asked for a rare steak it really did arrive as a rare steak ! i enjoyed every mouthful and will be back for more ! the range of desserts was impressive , unfortunately not all were available due to high demand but maple syrup waffles went down beautifully ! you simply must stop in here for a meal , be sure to book though ! the staff are polite and attentive , the atmosphere is fantastic and going for a walk along the coast when you are finished is the perfect end to a perfect meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i were a selfish man , i would 've hoped this place was not listed on yelp . reason being , it 's already very popular due to its fabulous consistency of food & service . they present a truly excellent 3 course steak dinner in cosy fife coastal pub surroundings . i make a point of stopping by whenever i visit relatives in scotland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "original installation last year was better than expected . follow up call this year to add additional gutters for a new addition was no exception . appointment time was within 24 hours of my call , bradley brown called ahead , arrived early , and could not have been more professional and helpful during his estimation . this company and their representatives are exceptional on every level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did awesome ! joel was professional and responsive and the install went off without a hitch . i think these guys are great and would totally recommend them to anyone ! we needed gutters to save the grass putting green we just put in -- - 10 out of 10 ! from start to finish these folks were as good as it gets . if you need gutters- give them a ring !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really a great company that does quality work at a competitive price . got a very reasonable estimate from bradley for gutters on a couple different sides of the house . tom did the installation very professionally at the appointed time . in fact , they were flexible about coming back to do the job when installation of a putting green interfered with the original date we had asked for . very pleased with the results , happily give them a top rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay clear ... . had someone come give me an estimate and they had no idea what the heck they were doing . i had another rain gutter company come out and they looked at the estimate and said i was being ripped off . needless to say i used the other company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my rain gutters were installed today without a hitch . everyone that i was in contact with was professional from start to finish . the gutters look great , were reasonably priced , and now i am looking forward to the next rain storm to see how they do ! the variety of colors offered was pretty impressive too -- we were able to match our trim color and body of the house color nearly perfectly . i will definitely give an addendum to this review after we get a storm to let you all know how the gutters perform and how the installation holds up . thanks to everyone at city seamless rain gutter . i would recommend them highly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my doctor highly recommended i get my prescriptions from this pharmacy instead of walgreens or cvs . she told me it was a bit far but choice lv does deliver at no extra cost . i decided to just stop in anyway , i 'm glad i did . lovely lovely staff , by far the best customer service i 've received when picking up my prescriptions . i was helped by jon who was kind enough to use a coupon for me to get my med co-pay discounted , and took the time to carefully explain the instructions to me . i left feeling comfortable about my new medications & even more so feeling comfortable that i have a pharmacy full of pleasant people to reach out to if i have any questions ! til ' next time choice lv . will be returning ! 5 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a couple of prescriptions here and previously had good experience with the customer service . the girl who answered my call today concerning a refill was very rude and unprofessional . she rushed me off the phone and hung up before i could ask a question . i had to call back and got the same girl and she seemed annoyed when i told her i still had questions concerning billing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my dermatologist recommended choice lv after my last visit , and when i came to pick up my prescription , the staff and pharmacist were very professional , friendly , and informative . apparently , you can have the prescriptions sent to your home via delivery their driver which seems like a great idea . i personally have n't tried this option , but seeing as how the customer service at this pharmacy is so incredible , i might try it the next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far i have only been once , but i must say that their customer service goes above and beyond any pharmacy i have ever been to . they quickly contacted me after my doctor filled my prescription . when one prescription was not covered by my insurance , they called me doctor and asked them to prescribe an equivalent that was covered . they also have coupons to make the co-pay cheaper . i love to support a local business and i like their business concept and customer service . this reminds me of a neighborhood pharmacy and not a huge inpersonal corporation like cvs or walgreens . yes , i do wish that they were open on weekends and yes , i do with that they had a drive-through . but interacting with the employees of this pharmacy is actually enjoyable its nice to know i am supporting a start-up . tip : they will fill all prescriptions , except for controlled substances !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spent months dropping a small fortune on rx at walgreens only to switch doctors and have them recommended . my first call from them was to tell me my co-pay was $ 300+ which i was expecting but they were able to apply coupons and reduce it to $ 20 ! ! i 'm super thrilled since i could n't get that from walgreens .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are the absolute best ! they are always helping you save money on your prescriptions . the staff is super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time using choice pharmacy . customer service was excellent and they were very quick to fill my rx . the location was just down the street from my doctor so that was convenient for me . the location may not be a plus for many but my doctor did state they offer delivery at no cost . i did not use it personally but it 's nice to know there is an option to have your medications delivered straight to you for if need be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff . very accommodating . choice was recommended by my daughter 's dermatologist when walgreen 's `` could n't '' ( would n't ) honor the coupon for prescribed face cream . so , when i had the same problems with walgreen 's for one of my prescriptions , i took it right to choice lv specialty pharmacy and they accepted the coupon right away . they had to contact my doctor and insurance company ( ugh ! ) then called me once the prescription was ready . fantastic customer service . i 've since recommended choice lv specialty pharmacy at every opportunity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "game changer . cvs , wallgreens , walmart take note . no more long waits serviced by overworked , frazzled employees that could care less . choice lv works hard to find the best deal , coupons etc all quickly and with a smile . they deliver too ! every pharmacy in the country should follow the lead of this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the people are so nice and helpful , the prescriptions were done by the time i got there , and they had coupons that saved me a ton of money ! i am so grateful . thanks choice lv ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to the area , and my first visit ( unexpected , i might add ) , was great . quality and affordability an a+ . i am sensitive to whitney 's problems on his review below , and hope that was atypical way that the office handles customers that move . but as far as i can see , my furballs and i are going to keep anvh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aside from one small screw-up i am altogether happy with allegheny north . i am the proud owner of a 7 year old shiba inu and since we 've moved recently needed to find a vet we 'd all be comfortable with . i was willing to try different places until one fit , but we lucked out and found our vet on the first try . kaiya ( the dog ) had a hot spot on her backside and needed some care . the vet tech used a flea brush on the hot spot despite me saying what the problem was and that she did not have fleas . this is the reason for the -1 star . the actual veterinarians however have both times been very good . the staff is kind , prompt , and very knowledgeable . i have no ill feelings towards the vet tech in her mistake and this will hopefully be kaiya 's last vet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my 2 kitties and big dog here for a couple of years while living in the area . overall , i always had a good experience when i was in the office . the docs and vet techs were very nice , and gentle with my animals . the receptionists would let me step into the file area if the place was full of unruly dogs in order to keep the peace . i felt appreciated and safe taking my fur babies here . then i moved 2000 miles and had to call several times for proof of immunizations , medications , etc . and it was like pulling teeth to get information over the phone . i had a great experience while i was a paying customer , but with the move received major attitude and unreturned website requests and phone calls because my files were not active ( 6 months after moving ) . it has unfortunately left a sour taste in my mouth . i would still recommend this business , but not without a disclaimer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "online reservation is easy peasy , click for the time , female male favorite esthetician and done ! i got notified via email and text as well as reminders . this was my first time to this place so i chose female . office was located in a shopping square that has convenient parking . i was greeted by my esthetician upon entering . office is very clean , many product available for purchase , and water for one 's thirst . they provide baby wipes to refreshen oneself and on with the wax . i had a brazilian wax and my esthetician and i chatted about our pets and my baby , and voila , done with the wax . total of less than 10 minutes . she was very thorough . i would definitely recommend this place for the availability , friendliness , and competency .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after moving here i have been searching for a new waxoligist for a brazilian . believe me searching for a new one is a scary thing ... .i have been getting waxed for nearly 10 years and i have found some nightmare places along the way ... and have ran into people who do n't know what the hell they are doing ... where i would have done a better job myself without the training ... .i definitely have found my new waxing home ! skyler was amazing ! ! ! ! she made me feel completely comfortable and she knows what she is doing ! her casual un-forced conversations make it an easy experience . she also has a great sense of humor . i had a brazilian , chin , upper lip and brows done by her and she knows her stuff ! ! ! thank you for hiring such an amazing waxoligist ! i will definitely be back for all my waxing needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my brazilian appointment was at 11:30 , but the actual wax did n't start until 12:05 because the service provider was arguing on the phone with another customer . oh , and did i mention i was waiting in the room for over 15 minutes with no pants on and a c blasting wondering what the heck was going on ? when summer was finally ready , she came in and instantly started complaining about the lady she 'd just gotten off the phone with . brazilians are unpleasant enough as it is , and nobody wants to hear you whine about another customer while getting waxed . thank god the groupon was only $ 16 . they do still take a credit card number to hold your appointment . one star only because the hair finally got removed . geesh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't know it was south beach anal bleaching kit they used , which sucks because it 's $ 50 for the service . but ! the girls are very nice , it 's super clean , and i 'd definitely get waxed there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does amazing brows ! ! ! ! i 've had it done twice and the shape is always perfect ! they take their time and make sure they 're perfect i got the tinting done today and i am addicted staff is nice and they 're affordable for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to this new wax location ( went to summerlin location previously ) and i will be back ! had a great , quick and easy appointment with london ( linden ) . hair removal was quick and efficient . i learned what anal bleaching was and one day i will convince someone else to try it and give me their opinion ! until then i will keep the fur away ... wax on wax off ! ! arigato ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rana did absolutely amazing and she is very easy going and extremely knowledgeable . i was nervous switching to a different wax person , but i needed change because the place i was going to was not helping with what i needed . my bikini area gets very bad ingrown hair and rana took her time , but was speedy quick and thorough , i loved how she 's a perfectionist . the room was extremely clean and it 's cool because they have a moving playing in there . i would recommend everyone to go to her honestly . you can tell she really cares and wants your brazilian to not only look great , but really work on not getting ingrowns . everyone go to her i promise you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 've been a fan of this place for years . but no joke my life is complete now with these new lashes . it 's a new service they are offering , but goodness did that small thing make my whole appearance so much better . my eyes pop . i look happier . my best friend said it almost looked like i had an eye life because my face looks so amazing . i ca n't express enough how awesome this service was . and summer was the best ever . super sweet . worked quick . and was just all around amazing . if you need lashes , waxing , facials , anything , this is your place . i 'll be seeing you girls soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent job they do ! ! very professional , courteous and quick to get my whole legs waxed . i would recommend them to other friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love this location ! i went in for a brazilian , and the waxer ( i forget her name ) is amazing ! made me feel extremely comfortable ! ! i am also pregnant so i was super sensitive but by far the best brazilian i 've ever had done . will definitely be back for my brazillians as well as other services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do an incredible job ! ! i 've been waxed before at many different salons and by far wax hair removal bar is by far the best . karla is amazing ! ! ! she makes it so painless and talks you through it , she suggested great products that worked amazing and helped wonderfully . this is a must go to place for your waxing needs , and they even do facials ! go see karla for all your beauty needs . i will not go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skyler is great . awesome attitude , high energy . great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waxing sucks but we have to do what we have to do so this is a good spot to go to . staff is nice and friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off i 'll start with this place is always very clean and professional ! the online booking is easy and awesome . sklyer is my girl ! i would say she goes above and beyond but it 's more like below and between . on a serious note if you 're like me it 's important i feel comfortable and trust the person i go to . skyler is young and dedicated to be the best she can , her work shows that . she is extremely detail oriented . takes her time and cares ! customer for life", "score": "5"}
{"review": "karla is the best ! she is a perfectionist when it comes to removing all of the hair and the best part is it only takes her about 30 minutes to wax both full arms . she will have fun conversations with you throughout the appointment and plays movies in the background . everything is clean meaning there is no wax stuck to her , the floor or the counters . i 'm glad i found this place and continue to go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "summer is amazing ! ! ! ! very fast , professional and sweet . prices are more than reasonable ! if you 're considering getting waxed , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let 's start off with in a day and era where professionalism is lacking it 's great to find a person that is very professional and personable . skyler at wax hair removal bar in henderson is awesome . she 's very kind , professional and great at her job . i would recommend her to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not good ! got gel nails for a vacation got my nails done on wednesday and my nails starting breaking on saturday . got the nails ( 2 ) fixed at another salon while i was out of town for more money . later on that day i was scratching my hair and another nail broke ( scratching my d n head which is not vigorous stuff ) i 'm annoyed i paid all this money for nails that break as soon as i touch something it 's over priced and not good quality i will not be coming back at all !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had said i was n't going to go back here but someone gave me a gift certificate for a mani pedi . i loved my pedi even though i know it wo n't last long from past experiences . for my mani i decided to upgrade to their sns , which is supposed to be healthier alternative to acrylic . it has potential to be good but the lady did such a rush job and was so distracted the whole time . she glued my finger to my nail , filed down the top of my finger , ripped up one of my cuticles , did n't even clean up most of my cuticles , did n't clean up the nails after and did n't even give me a hand massage . i still tipped her because i 'm not an animal ! but for reals if someone is paying for an expensive service i expect the person to give me vip treatment , instead i felt like she could n't get me out of there fast enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first and last time here . we went to celebrate a birthday . the waiter , randall , approached us with a terrible attitude . i thought for sure he would get nice , but that never happened . he was rude and short the entire time . at the end , when waiters usually get nicer , he did n't ask if we needed to go boxes when we had lots of food left . for me he ruined the restaurant experience . i had shrimp and grits , which looked delicious , but disappointed big time because they were bland . if i ever use salt , there is a problem and i used it twice . the food was bland . although , i loved ambiance i would not go back . he must hate his job ! called to let the manager know about the service , immediately after eating , and he was just as rude . i could n't believe how he handled a complaint . poor , poor service and a big disappointment !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the area shopping just next door and was persuaded to come over for a quick glass of wine . having been to the other location in lake norman i knew the sort of place this is but i had n't been in so long i 'd forgotten . with a very large bar area and comfortable high top table and chairs this place makes for a great after work spot probably . the service shabby either , she was nice and polite and very accomodating to all in our party . the food was par but definetly not bad . i had the salmon atop a caesar salad and for the finish i had the chance to take on the 7 layer chocolate cake . the cake was to die for and large enough to feed a small village ! highly recommend it . parking is tough in this location but that 's true of any of the businesses at the arboretum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food keeps me coming back . the wedge salad is the best . their dressing on the salad is too heavenly . i dont know any restaurants that has a better wedge . if you do ... . please friend me and give me the restaurant . also , their mini crab cakes are so good . it 's bite size minis . their ribs and grits are good too . also , most nights there is always music and you will see couples dancing . when i have out-of-town visitors ... this is my go to place . the only down side , which is big ... . is that this place seems to be always under staffed . that 's how you know that the food is really good . because i have a low tolerance for slow service i know that this restaurant is a steak place ... . but i dont consider their steaks as being cream of the crop , and neither does my fellow yelpers . so . if you are looking for a great steak dinner ... . then , i would go elsewhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a series of disappointments . # 1 we went there for the first time expecting elegance with soft background music . not so . # 2 marinara sauce on the chicken parmesan was watery . # 3 companion 's filet mignon was undercooked , and `` corrected '' to inedible . # 4 our waiter was usually unavailable but waiters for other tables seemed available and attentive . unfairly or not , a return is unlikely . not a good experience , possibly not typical .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the worse service of a restaurant i have ever had . the waiter waited 20 minutes to take our order for drinks . then he took another 15-20 minutes to refill my wife 's glass of water . the food once it came was not worth the price . the portion size was small and the taste of the food was of a 1 star restaurant . the temperature of the food was horrible and so was the waiter . we will never eat here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first and foremost , the food was mediocre and over-priced . for the price we paid we could have gone to a high-end steakhouse , like ruths chris , but we tried mickey and we were very disappointed . the shrimp was rubbery , the steak was over-cooked from the way it was ordered , the family style grits tasted barely better than instant grits , and everybody i know can make better mashed potatoes . to top it all off we felt sick for 24 hrs after eating . the one bright spot was that the dessert was better than average ( though not premium ) . extremely disappointed for a $ 100 meal for 2 . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stunningly mediocre . i had never had bland oysters before . the saltines that came with them were stale . i could n't finish the beer the server recommended , and the steak required significant amounts of a1 to even attempt . the mashed potatoes were passable at best . drive the extra ways into charlotte to get a real steak or seafood dinner . bleh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a hard call to go to being a fan as mickey & mooch is truly a-ok . it is classy but not dressy , but for a prom date or special occasion dressy dress would fit in ok . the menu is masterful . there is a great selection of appetizers , a couple of which would be a meal . there is a large amount of seafood , chicken and ribs , steaks and chops , italian ... they really cover the meal territory . service we have had with just the two of us and on other occasions with a four adult and three grandchildren table is excellent . no problems and between the wait staff and kitchen they staged the time for dishes to arrive so you could finish drinks , do one course and then another without feeling pushed or rushed . good job . the steaks have been great . not big dessert people , we did have creme brulee which was excellent . certainly worth a try for a special event but call ahead so they are prepared for you table and wait staff-wise .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent food to match excellent service . i had previously looked inside and liked what i saw so i took an opportunity to book a reservation for a quiet night out for a 1st date . i was looking for some place that was cozy , quiet and would allow us to meet and get to know each other comfortably . for once , i got exactly what i wanted and i have to say that the atmosphere helped to set a great mood for such a nice night . the waiter was knowledgeable and very helpful . polite and professional ! he made us feel right at home . and the food was incredible . exactly as he described so there was no surprises . the flavor was exquisite and the portion was large enough to justify the price . i was quite satisfied and looking forward to another night out at mickey & mooch 's again soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a family dinner to celebrate my husband 's birthday . we were crammed at our table ( 4 adults , 1 pre-teen , 2 toddlers ) . restaurant was not packed , however , service was extremely slow.. ( my mother-in-law waited 20-25 mins for a bar drink ; we waited about 15 mins for salad dressing ; we waited another 20 for chicken tenders after the server had dropped the original plate on the floor-this is after everyone else had already been served their dinner ) . our server was nice enough , but always seemed to be `` in the weeds '' , and therefore no extra attention or apologies were made after the slow service or dropped food . food was just ok ... .not good enough to overlook the other shortcomings . we 've eaten at the lake norman location a few times , and never had these issues . could have been just an off night -- i do know prom was going on , but again restaurant was not overly crowded . best part was the music in the bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i sadly write this review . the food is great and their chocolate cake is amazing which is why i gave them the 2 stars . the problem is the customer experience . it has gone down hill . they attempt to celebrate their high end feel and then leave patrons feeling like they are at an applebee 's . i made a reservation online . after receiving a confirmation , i thought everything was ok . when i went back to check , there was an error . i called in to the restaurant to check , and apparently they miraculous ran out of tables for 3 hours after my original check in time . they would n't honor my original confirmation , nor would they attempt to fit me in . no help , no service , nothing . thus , no me going . this is your warning , who knows what will happen when you will actually get past that hostess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the kind of place that seems clubby and old school by its name and decor , but it really lacks the intimate qualities and cozy feel of a lot of other upscale restaurants in the area . the decor is a little heavy and shopworn . clientele is mostly 55+ and i get the impression that the menu has n't changed in the last 20 years . food is ok - we had steaks , tuna and salmon and from the looks of the sauce , i suspect that the entrees all got started at the same time and then the fish sat while the steak finished cooking . overpriced for what you get and the service , while ok , is not outstanding .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here on 11 2 12 meh ! mashed potatoes seem like baked potatoes that are mashed . crab cakes had tons meat , but were soft and fell apart too easy , do n't understand the rave reviews . old and stuffy atmosphere that needs an update . quantity of food given is large , but lacks quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice seared tuna and crab , all the fish was delicious but the salad was browned and there bread very bland and stale . service was good but we were there early . large well made drinks and tasty dressings , but way overpriced . fun for the nostalgia though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place just rocks ! a bit pricey , but you truly get what you pay for . the food is awesome , the menu has a ton of great dishes . the live music was great . my girlfriend and i went during restaurant week . we went to the arboretum location . check out their menu . from top to bottom , it all tastes great . wish i could afford to go there weekly : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for years we have infrequently enjoyed mickey & mooch , reserving our visits for special occasions . for my birthday saturday , four of us ate there . first , even though we had a 7pm reservation , we were n't seated until 7:35pm , and the hostess seemed disorganized rather than helpful . our waiter was inexperienced , perhaps new , and not very attentive ( had to ask for water refills , more bread , etc . ) , and perhaps had too many tables to service . i had my favorites , bone-in ribeye , blue cheese cole slaw , and a shrimp cocktail.others had grits with filet and fries . the food was good , but not as good as i recall it being . the fries were oily and the shrimp could have been cleaned better . we decided to skip dessert and go to amalie 's instead , even though the chocolate cake is also a favorite of mine . all in all , a disappointing experience , certainly not up to previous visits , and we will probably go elsewhere in the future . too bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was not impressed ... .made a 7:15 pm reservation and had to wait almost 45 minutes upon arrival to be seated . then once we were seated we had to ask a passing server if there was someone for our table since 15 min had passed with no one waiting on the table . poorly ran front of the restaurant which takes away from the food which was n't too bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for restaurant week to try it out . not impressed with either the decor or the food . there are many similar priced restaurants that are far better in the nearby area . service was excellent and fast , so that is why i gave 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll keep this short ... hubby wanted to hit rc again for queens feast , i begged him to let me start my list of places , hence we visited m & m 's . we had an amazing waitperson , anna , she helped us decide and made recommendations ... ..ribs and wahoo ... .both were great ... ribs completely delicious ! fork tender ! i 'm gluten free and they totally made my dining excellent ! the crime br\u00fbl\u00e9e was the absolute hands down best in the city ... ..we will return ! if you 've been away come check them out agin and if you are new get there fast ! ! mickey stopped by our table , he was dynamic and passionate about his craft ! lovely wine , sbragia , and our martini 's were a delight . bartender likes their job , they made our cocktails with finesse and experience ! going back very soon ! ! thanks , mickey ! and , anna ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here for restaurant week and lived it ! the food was great , service was great , and they had live music that night . people were dancing and having a great time . i definitely recommend this place to anyone look for a great meal and a great time . i had the lamb cops with mashed potatoes and finished it off with carrot cake . it was epic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant , food made to near perfection . friendly staff . accommodating to handicap individuals . the one in huntersville nc . have not tried the other .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have never had a bad meal at mickey & mooch . we like to try different restaurants , but always migrate back . the she crab soup is the absolute best . i could just eat a huge bowl of that with bread and make it a meal . : - ) mickey himself has stopped by our table and is a genuine perfectionist . no corners cut here . fresh and delicious and huge portions !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going here as a family for years.. disappointed by the service and food . had to send meals back . will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for queens feast on a tuesday night . not overly busy . service was good food tasted good portions were way too large - easily shareable steak was not very flavorful lobster was great sea bass was not very warm scallops were great", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the atmospher , great food ... .ribeye was awesome ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot at the arboretum for a date night or dinner with friends . low lights and cozy booths make it a comfortable atmosphere . wine selection is good but the specialty cocktails are tasty . the steaks are perfectly cooked and can be cut with a spoon . i recommend the wedge salad which can be split , any size filet and the charleston statue shrimp and grits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for our anniversary and had a delicious crab cake dinner and very good service . my only complaint suggestion is to have cloth tablecloths . using oilcloth ( and ours had some stains ) in a restaurant of this caliber seems cheap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "despite making a reservation for monday night , our party of nine had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and 45 minutes to get their first round of drinks . it took the waiter 35 minutes to inform us one drink we ordered was not available ! it then took us 30 minutes to get checks . when one of us asked to speak with a manager , a chef was sent out and said he would check on our checks . he offered no apology . all left angry and disgusted . granted it was charlotte restaurant week and our party requested eight separate checks , but mickey & mooch blew this opportunity to impress nine women who live within five minutes of the restaurant . they need to staff up for these promotional events . perhaps we caught a rooky waiter , but eric k 's review below indicates a very similar experience , including the sloshed drinks . a reminder to restaurants using groupon or celebrating charlotte restaurant week - get you game on man ! otherwise , you are actually using your marketing dollars to hurt your reputation ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "celebrated our father 's birthday on saturday , february 18 we were lucky enough to have kristen for our server she was incredible ! the food was absolutely fantastic the coleslaw blue cheese side and loaded potatoes are a must all the meats melted in your mouth . if you have not been here it 's a must enjoy ! tt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have yet to hear a good experience with their service . with so many options in charlotte , take your money somewhere else that actually treats guests well !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice steakhouse but was n't a standout for me . i did enjoy the truffle fries and 7 layer cake . i 'd like to come back with a larger group so i can try more dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time at mickey & mooch ... ... i would say it was ok . my favorites was the bread , good portion for a side , desert . the bad the food was not cooked right steak mid rare , salad dressing wrong , and food luke warm . our server charles was very good ! ! ! ! . i would recommend it for drinks and the bar menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have luckily always had a great experience here . fell in love with the 7 layer chocolate cake which i order every time i go . the shrimp and grits are amazing and the food portions are generous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for restaurant week had the charleston crab soup , white truffle fries , crab cakes with bleu cheese coleslaw , key lime torte , and of course a taste of everyone 's dishes at my table . overall it was a nice experience but the portions were very heavy especially the side dishes ... they literally were entree size making it a bit overwhelming to enjoy the entree . the food was also a little too bland for my taste , but i would recommend the charleston crab soup and lump crab cakes - you can definitely taste real crab meat in both and those actually had a lot of flavors ! do try : white truffle fries , charleston crab soup , lump crab cakes , white chocolate raspberry cheesecake do n't try : was n't a fan of the steaks i tried here , mashed potatoes , bleu cheese coleslaw", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited here on a waiting list for two hours for basically a steak . people here seem to be very ignorant , they see a bunch of people waiting to eat and they are sitting there doing nothing but talking and not even ordering anything . the lady in the front is very nice she gave us a 25 dollar card for the wait . i might give it another shot with a reservation and see . but fist impression not the greatest", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was checking out this art district and there was live music with several studios in the area , i went over to the `` of the earth cafe '' and out front there was a taco stand with the owner shane grilling up street tacos . i had both the beef and chicken and i have to say they were both great . the chicken had a great seasoned flavor and he even made his own homemade green chili hot sauce that tasted so fresh and flavorful . i heard that this area gets hopping ever first friday but i decided to stop by after the suns game and check it out last night . also ask about the sweet potato taco desert they have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make sure you get some of these chichis tacos ! made with love and dedication this husband and wife dynamic duo have created recipes that truly make your mouth water ! they even placed in the arizona taco festival amongst some high end competition ! find chichi 's tacos and try them you 'll be happy you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't miss this little place . they know how to make great taco 's . do n't forget the homemade salsa a fan favorite", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at the rhythm room and saw these cool people selling tacos , so i checked it out . it turned out to effen awesome . fresh quality food ! chichi- lisous ! be on the look out for these guys ! chow down baby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you 're on a trip and forget toiletries ... .toothpaste , etc ... .there 's nothing like a 99 cent store to bail you out . that was the case on a recent trip to vegas . we stopped by this store and was able to get what we needed for under $ 3 . i love it . the store was clean and the lines moved quickly . the employees here are efficient , which is not always the case in these stores . return factor - 80 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store has everything , love coming here . the workers are average some are really nice others are just rude w ith no personality . this location always has great items that you can find in regular grocery stores . love this 99 cent store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am pretty sure this is the only 99 cent dollar store that i have seen with produce . and it does n't look half-bad ! while i do n't frequent these stores because i 'd spend way too much money here , every now and again it 's good to go here for party favors , small bulk gifts , and even maybe some food products . the spices are a gold mine if you go on the right day . i 've also purchased a carton of west soy soy milk here on a whim and it 's got a good flavor ! ca n't beat good soy milk for 99 cents , let me tell you . i often find myself chatting with the cashiers here , which is odd for me . they 're just so friendly ! it 's a breath of fresh air . for the frugally ambitious , they do have carts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i enter a 99 cent store , i usually have one or two items i 'm specifically looking for and i almost leave with a cart full of stuff . luckily , since it 's only a dollar each i do n't hurt the pocketbook too much . this location is pretty well-maintained and organized . they are also well-stocked for a browser like myself . the parking lot is usually pretty awful , so i tend to avoid this location for that reason alone , but otherwise it 's a great store to peruse inexpensive items for sale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to get cheap and affordable supplies for anything you may need . i mainly come here to buy some plates cups or other eating utensils when i have parties . also , they have a great selection of gift wraps bags cards for any type of occasion . if you need to make goodie bags for a party event then 99 cents store has it all for you ranging from $ 0.99 to $ 2.99 ( on select items ) . however , i stay away from their food produce items because sometimes when i do plan to buy the items are already expired , will expire the next day , or looks old rotten . i ca n't complain because you do get for what you pay for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are having a party and need some inexpensive decorations then the 99 cents store is the place to be . packs of two streamers . 99 cents . package of 20 balloons . 99 cents . plates , utensils , napkins . you guessed it , 99 cents . the kicker , they have plenty of colors to go with almost any color scheme .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't shopped this location in at least 3 years , maybe even more . decided to stop by after taking my mom to red robin for lunch . it is a lot cleaner and nicer than i remember from years past . all locations hold different gems and i found a few here during this trip . i only wish it were closer to home because i actually prefer this location to the ones i visit frequently on marks and warm springs and the one on eastern and tropicana . i hate crowded stores and riff raff and this store has neither . i love being able to shop comfortably and freely and not feeling rushed . that was the experience i got during this visit and i will see if it is that way when i return again . willing to go out of my way to try it again . i will have to say that the grocery section was lacking in comparison to other stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who does n't like to save money purchasing items at 99 cents ( or cheaper ) ? that is the best draw this 99 cent store has and it 's why i come here when i need to do my errands . it does have drawbacks , however , in both products and location . this intersection , even the parking lot , is very busy and there have been moments when people have almost crashed their cars into each other just trying to get out of a parking space . this can be somewhat mitigated if you park further away from the store instead of the parking spaces right in front of the store . another drawback is that there have been plenty of times when the product is expired and or heading towards rotten if you are looking at vegetables . definitely check the expiration dates because i remember seeing frozen items that were 6 months expired but were still sitting in their freezer . as long as you are aware of it , the prices ca n't be beat and we all want to save money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i only go there to get gum cuz i 'm too cheap to buy it from walgreen , walmart , and some other .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the 99 cent store . all kinds of stuff even produce . i always get our sodas here , i love the shasta soda here . you can bet , if you ever see me here , this is what i 'm getting . 4 cans for .89 cents . i 'm an avocado lover , they have a 4 pack for ... ..yep , you guest it ! . 99 cents , now , they do n't always have them , but when they do , that 's something else that you will see in my cart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no reviews here yet ? wow . anyway , this 99 cent location is inconveniently stuffed into an already packed strip mall with in and out , and chucky cheese just to mention a few . once you manage to find a parking spot , the place hits the spot ! they have everything and more that you could ever ask for and all for 99 cents . any item i might need for around the house in a pinch can usually be found here . some of my favorite things no one thinks about for a buck are grill lighters , kitchen utensils , and cleaning supplies . i 've never bought fresh produce from here but if you want that , give it a go . me , i 'll pay a little more for my food and piece of mind . check out lines can be long so i try to go earlier in the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's alright . some things are a great deal , others really are n't or are poor quality . i would n't recommend the batteries ; they do n't last long . i mainly come here to get the `` oxy-clean '' for my homemade laundry detergent . sometimes i 'll buy some snacks if i 'm hungry because hey , it 's only a dollar . the store is fairly clean , the workers i 've interacted with are normally kind . you just have to be careful about what you 're buying . it only costs a dollar , so the quality is not going to be amazing , but for some things it 's alright .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have anything & everything . household items , food , bathroom necessities , seasonal decor ... you name it . things are really a dollar tho ... i want my penny back ! : -", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store has everything ! typically i go in for one or two things , but it never fails i always come out with bags full . great prices , good items , and lots to choose from . the downside are the fruits and veggies ... they do n't look fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall good . good location right next to a walmart . the lines are n't too bad . they have the standard selection any other 99 cents only store would have . i am starting to dislike how many $ 2-3 products they have ... and now they even have $ 10 products ! when it was just a few things for $ 2 they were good deals , but now it 's starting to take away shelf space from the $ 1 products . but i 'm sure that 's a corporate decision . this place is not easy to get into and out of , it 's a really busy intersection , but it is what it is , and i 'm still glad it 's here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you may be able to find good deals just look hard ... . some are expire some chocolate it seems like you got melted in the summer and put back on the shelf no longer $ 0.99 only no even .999999999999999999 some there are more $ 1.99 , $ 2.99 even $ 5.99 and the bathroom super gross .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store rules we go in to buy 1-2 things and leave with a basket full of items ! ! ! parking sucks because of all the old people being chaperoned into the goodwill store next door . 99cent chorizo mmmmm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best customer service department i have ever been to . been here several times and the service is always top notch . they greet you properly and the waiting area is always stocked with coffee & beverages as well as a tv and free wifi . i was able to get some work done while they took care of my car . they wash it every time and vacuum the inside after they 're finished , and take the time to explain everything to you without selling you more than you need . i needed a few things , but ray ( great service manager ) said it can wait and not over spend on items that would be taken care of in the next 2 services . carried my bag out to the car while i paid and stayed with the car until i arrived and closed the door with one final hand shake . this happens every time . highly recommend this dealership for service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started coming to this dealership after having a bad experience at another infiniti dealership . i must say the customer service is great and i 've never had an issues with any of the employee there . they take care of any issues i have and explain everything . the representatives are also good at keeping you in the loop if you need to drop your car off or if you are waiting in the lobby . i would recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at last ... .. returned the last infiniti we shall have until either this dealership has new owners and mostly new staff or we move to another area which has a different dealership . returned the leased g37s to infiniti of south charlotte ... . very nice people ... it 's just too far.. appears quite a few lake norman infiniti ex customers frequent that dealer ... . ca n't blame them ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best spring rolls i 've ever had . the pho was ok , but i found it did n't have much flavor . the service was humble and very polite . i will definitely be returning - perhaps just for the amazing spring rolls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a little thrown off . i usually expect to see sriracha and hoisin sauce prepared on the tables when i go out for pho . i had a hard time with the waitress trying to get the correct sauces brought to our table because she did n't really speak english . i asked for a vegetarian dish - vegetarian spring rolls on vermicelli , but the dish was served with chopped bacon on top ! my friend ordered a pork chop with rick . pork chop was tasty , rice was dry", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just moved into the swansea neighbourhood and had a hankering for pho . instead of going to the junction for takeout , decided to check out what yelp recommended in our neighbourhood . my husband is from laos so it had to be good , and we decided to take a chance . ordered takeout and drove to the location . this place is a no frills no frills hole in the wall . we ordered shrimp fresh rolls , pho dac biet , and pork and chicken on broken rice . everything was delicious , perfectly spiced , mouth watering ! ! amazing underrated food . pleasantly surprised , friendly cashier , the fish in the fish tank looked well fed ; ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been getting food from this place ever since we moved in to the area last year . a low key take out place n dine in . although the portion is a bit smaller compare to most vietnamese restaurants in toronto , but the lady there can def cook tasty food . try their veggie spring roll , rice and grill chicken + pork chop and any meat stir fry - so delicious ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is quite mediocre compared to other pho places in south etobicoke . it is also a bit overpriced . maybe we came at a wrong time of the day but pho broth lacked flavor and tasted a bit diluted . the rare beef had a little less beef than other places serve ( and beef was n't so rare as served by their competitors ) . we ordered two pho soups ( medium size ) and asked to put beef tripe into one of them which as we later discovered cost us extra $ 2 . paying over $ 20 for two pho 's is a bit pricy , since we usually manage to stay within $ 16 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely authentic vietnamese food . chicken wings are to die for . bo kho is the best in the city . polite & friendly service . i have eaten here many times and many more to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pho is good here . it really does feel like an authentic hole in the wall that someone 's mum turned in a place to get fed . the pho is good - it 's got great flavour . the best pho i 've ever had has both flavour and depth ... .the pho here is just missing that depth . but value wise , flavour wise , service wise , good spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service is pretty good . they are friendly and then just leave you to your meal . must be family run because they had their own table with their own food and belongings . food came our fast and hot ! it was really good too , first time in awhile i wanted to finish the entire broth . there was a good amount of noodles and meat also ! overall , a pretty good place to get pho !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we would recommend this vietnamese restaurant if you want a quick fix of pho ' soup . the place was decent and the price was right . the food was very tasty and satisfying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon h & h when i first moved to etobicoke . i was coming off a wild night , and my typical `` go-to '' hangover cure ( gatorade ) just was n't doing the trick . since i had no desire to cook , i thought i would try my other remedy , pho ! i was pleasantly surprised by this place ; food is very good , and the service is quick courteous ! i 'll admit , like others have said , it 's not the best pho , but , it does the trick ! someone touched on the decor in another review ; it 's not great , but , c'mon , you do n't go to these places for the interior design , you go for quick tasty food ! i 'm giving it a 4 - the pho may not be as good as the spots on ossington , but , for the area , i would say it hits the mark ! check it out if you 're in the royal york queensway area , and i 'm sure you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pho in etobicoke . this is a great place to go to get your pho fix . great on a cold winter day or for lunch when you 're hungover . although the decor is n't the best , they churn out good , consistent and authentic vietnamese cuisine . i 've had pho here at least a dozen times and will continue to come back . i highly recommended it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the best decor but very authentic vietnamese food . not the best pho but this place has the best chicken pork chop on rice dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been around for a while . i was glad to find out about it recently as its walking distance from our place . it 's just a run of the mill mom n pop shop but quick n simple vietnamese cuisine . great for when you crave pho at all times of the day ( except tuesday 's ) . will return often ! they have takeout and delivery too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "portions were decent however flavours were just so so compared to other places in etobicoke . i ordered the spring rolls which i found to be oily and fresh rolls were also just ok. also ordered their special pho and tendon was tough . that 's my biggest peeve if tendon is not cooked properly and fatty as well . will not be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 stars because its edible , but far from medicore or the best thats out their . i would not come back . the brothbos week . the pho bowl is tiny and there is hardly any meat . sooooo disapponted . when im dpne here im actually going to stop somwhere else for another small bowl of pho because this is not enough to fill a childs apatite .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i have been looking for vietnamese restaurants in the area , although not disappointing it is mediocre for the amount of meat to noodles you get . the food is authentic vietnamese noodles . i 'd return because it is very close to home and the price is decent , but mekong river offers a better bang for the buck !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "feels like someone 's home , authentic and family oriented . unfortunately quite often their kids are in the restaurant ; loud and annoying . most importantly , the food is really tasty . great one size chicken pho ( chicken soup ) . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid , cheap vietnamese food . do n't expect to have your mind blown , but do expect to be well fed and satisfied , for cheap . my vegan relatives really dig the vermicelli with spring rolls . the pho is decent . the beef balls are meh , but the meat has always seemed fresh enough . noodles are good . spring rolls quite excellent . the decor is stark but tolerable . ideal for take-out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is very no frills , it 's your typical low key mom & pop shop . being vietnamese and having traveled back to viet nam numerous times , i can honestly say that the food here could n't get any more authentic ! the spring rolls are amazing ! ! ! grilled chicken with rice is awesomely good and the pho ( beef noodle soup ) definitely hit the spot ! service is friendly yet simple , when you 're paying $ 7-8 for an entr\u00e9e ... .you ca n't expect much . the owner is cute and such a friendly lady .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh rolls are good . i 've had better pho elsewhere , however prices are cheap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went on one of their one hour harborfront cruises and enjoyed it . for a total toronto n00b like me , it was great to see the gorgeous views on a sunny day and learn a few fun facts about my new city . the tour guides are young and kinda corny , but not uncomfortably so . however , the best part was the stop on the toronto islands . they give you the opportunity to get off the boat and spend time in the park before taking a later boat back . be sure to take one of the earlier tours so you can spend as much time as possible strolling around the gorgeous park ! shutterbugs take note : the tour offers great views of the toronto skyline , so schedule your cruise at a time when you can take advantage of good lighting ! : ) the evening return cruises off the island can get a little crowded , but if you can snag a good seat it 's totally worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took the 2 hr toronto city tour by this company . they are the small bright green buses . it was just ok . they are more like shuttle vans that are small and enclosed , not the double deckers . i found it hard to see outside . it was more expensive too . also , their brochure said they run twice per hour , but then we got on and were told it was actually once per hour . they were 15 minutes late picking us up and the tour itself was kind of boring . probably would n't recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best boat tour in the city ! informative and fun . would highly recommend this tour to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely atmosphere down at the harbor , lovely tour , funny tour guide , and lovely sites ! ! ! first of many boat tours in this city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found a groupon deal and decided to do it . the tour was one hour . it was relaxing and the weather was in the 70 's . the view was great and the tour guide was very informative . he gave the history of random buildings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great one hour tour ! ! we had mike as our guide and he was hilarious ! ! ! the boat was clean and spacious . what a great time ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad experience . waited a hour ( after buying tickets ) and they over booked the boat ... we did n't get on . would n't recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had planned a trip to toronto island for a while , so when groupon had a deal for tht & c , we pulled the trigger . our experience was quite pleasant . our boat came on time and was guided by two young women narrating the short trip to center island . like avitania b. mentioned , it was a bit corny , but i did n't mind as i still learned some new things about toronto . ; ) the best thing was the boat itself though . it had a glass roof that allowed us to take some great pictures of the city skyline . we left the boat on center island to spend a few hours at the beach and returned to the dock later in the afternoon around 5pm . we had no issues getting on the boat to make the trip back , but it is advisable to get there early as it seems to get quite busy that late in the day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what i loved : vast selection of well seasoned food . friendly and attentive staff plenty of carved meats tidy food selection area needs work : interior is very dated and seems to have been overlooked in the 360 degree resort remodel add indian and mediterranean meats and sides no stand out deserts like crepes no mongolian grill", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a vip card , you get to cut the line . for being 35+ a person , this place is not the business . they have a good amount of options , but all very meh . to keep it real , the best thing imo was the salad ... which i made on my own . lol . even the dessert was n't all that great . one thing i did n't like was that they do n't tell you if the items are spicy . the guacamole i got was actually pretty darn spicy..not that i do n't love spicy , but still . my dad got these clams , and he almost started crying because of the spiciness . warn a brotha !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a quintessential experience on a holiday to vegas is a visit to a buffet . we do n't really anything on this scale in the uk the mgm grand hosts one of the bigger buffets in town . the fianc\u00e9e and i settled on this as we were hungry and truth be told , we could n't be bothered to walk back down to the other restaurants in the mgm - these vegas casinos are huge we happened to visit on crab legs night , one of the more expensive evenings . a tip for you - if you 're not sure how to get full value on anything , just follow the crowd of asians . we 're super thrifty and love getting value for money i did eat my share of seafood . once i tore myself away from the seafood area , there were stations serving lovely prime rib and other cooked meats . i do n't think you can eat everything even if you only took one of each thing you should head here if you 're in town and looking for a typical vegas experience", "score": "4"}
{"review": "booked hotel room through orbitz and received complimentary breakfast brunch . noticed the low star ratings but since it was free breakfast brunch , sure , why not ! the food here is bleh ... prices for breakfast and brunch ranges from $ 17.25- $ 25.99 ... not worth it ! trust me , go elsewhere ! most of the items were cold , hard and dry ... yuck ! the worst is the eggs benedict , omg disgusting ! if you must eat here , stick with the strawberries n creme , chips w taco meat , bacon , string beans and asparagus ... apparently , mgm grand charged us for the breakfast brunch buffets . when we checked in , the front desk clerk told us it was included with the room . we are currently in the process of disputing the charges . they have yet to return our calls or emails ... update : after weeks of phone calls and emails , mgm finally credited us back the excessive charges ( 7 11 13 ) . it should n't have taken this long ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dear mgm buffet , you 're a beautiful , selfless respite . you offer everything you absolutely have , from all the freshly made pastries , the long line of short order breakfast goodies , carving stations , and decadent desserts . you took us on a world tour of succulent feasts with egg rolls , orange chicken , tamales , pizza , roasted veggies , and all the glutenous carbs nevada could afford to bring us heathens back from our hangover hells . your sweet waitresses never let our cups run dry , and your prices kept our pockets from running dry as well . you beautiful , unbiased , convenient savior , you . in short , mgm grand buffet , thank you for being you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after going to the wynn buffet on my last trip , this one was extremely disappointing . it 's like the wynn was saks 5th ave or nordstrom 's and the mgm was kmart . yes the kmart of buffets- that pretty much sums it up . the decor - like most of the patrons is tired and worn out . the food itself is lower grade then expected . a lot if it is dried out , greasy , overly salty or on the other side of the spectrum- tasteless . if you go just before the lunch cut off , you will get some of the dinner items ( crab legs , shrimp , mussels ) these too were all sub par . the desert section was a bit better - the cheesecake shots were ok ... .the cookies were way too sweet . anyway i wo n't be back - nor do i reccomend . go else where !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously . avoid this buffet . the only reason i ate here was because i was staying in the hotel and my family did n't feel like going offsite . so there we were . the food is not good at all . from the overly salty and tough prime rib and the leathery , dry turkey to the crab legs soaking in salt water , i could n't find one thing that i liked . even the vegetables and side dishes were bad . after a couple of plates , i figured i would just enjoy the desserts . nope . those were bad too . seriously , every item had the same taste . i had n't been so disappointed by the quality of food in a long time . at over $ 30 per person , it is so not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was hoping for a gourmet buffet experience . i decided i would n't look at every rating and read reviews of everything prior to my trip to vegas recently . unfortunately the overall rating here is right on . have you ever been to golden corral buffet ? well , gc is better than this buffet . by far . not only was the price for what you get , totally shit , it lacked amounts of offerings . three dinky rows during dinner ? not worth it . they offer the buffet for breakfast , lunch and dinner . we tried it for dinner on the first night and said nope , not coming here again . the prices on their website also are incorrect . it is $ 33 for the dinner buffet , and extra for any drink at all . i assume they fluctuate their pricing based on busy times . the best part was the dessert offerings . save your $ $ for gambling and just eat elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eh ! we ate here for brunch since it was free with our hotel stay . the food was not good . it was absolutely disgusting . food was dry , had no flavor , and looked like it was sitting there all day , i 'm just glad we did n't pay for it since was free ! your better off going to a fast food joint down the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "average or less . nothing special about this buffet expect the people who figured out to buy the `` all you can drink '' option and get good and drunk before heading to the pool for the day ! pretty smart way to get a much cheaper buzz ! honestly , nothing really stood out as above average on this buffet , except maybe the salad bar . that was decent . i would hate to come here in a group ( 5 or more ) because they automatically add 18 % gratuity to your bill . i do n't mind tipping , usually over 18 % , but for a buffet where you fill your own drinks ? ? it 's kind of crazy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's hard to give a bad review to something that was free . but , here goes . the food just is not good . it 's all siting in a vat of oil , and it 's a weird mix of who knows what . almost every single vegetable was coated in cheese . i mean , i like cheese , probably even more than the average person , but there are certainly better ways to prepare vegetables . even the breads were not that good , stale , and i could n't even find the butter . there were not any 'make your own ' type stations - pasta , omlette - and the carver had duck and ham ( where 's the prime rib ? ) . the only upside was the soft serve ice cream machine - can never go wrong with soft serve with hot fudge and sprinkles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away , you have been warned ! big mistake in going to the `` grand '' buffet dinner , nothing but a grand downer . first of all , they wo n't take your mlife card unless you use it for slots . the cashier did n't tell me that , when i went to the bellagio buffet ( big sister property ) explained to me where you have to ask for a voucher . i should have went to mcdonalds at the food court instead . for the food , it so not worth the price . the only thing that is good is the prime rib and ny steak , otherwise , it 's a one star . the crab legs were too salty , smoked salmon was not really smoked , shrimp ( for cocktail ) was puny . do n't need to say anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "giving credit where credit is due ! so i come to vegas about 20 times a year . to relax at times but mostly for work . the mgm grand buffet is a decent buffet . it 's not bellagio , caesar 's or the wynn . but for $ 30-plus they do have a decent prime rib , peeled jumbo shrimp and cut alaskan king crab legs . now if you can pack it down like i can . you are sure to get your money 's worth with just these few dishes . although i believe at this price the deserts need to be upgraded . as far as customer service . we got smiles all around , and sara made sure that we had all the important condiments on our table , as well as keeping our table clear of dishes for more plates to replace them . thanks for taking care of us sara . five stars for customer service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ok for lunch . for my one buffet stop this stint in vegas , i thought i could n't go wrong at the mgm . to be fair , it was n't bad , but i definitely should have checked yelp first . i guess it 's alright for $ 23 with tax . for the most part , everything i ate was good , but the mgm really lacked that 'je ne sais quois ' . actually scratch that . i do know what it lacked . it was totally void of crab legs , sushi , creme brulee , a carving station , and other buffet elements that i would expect in vegas . i expected to be wowed , but instead left way too full and temporarily satiated . a solid spot for a meal , but by no means an outstanding vegas buffet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "`` meh . i 've experienced better '' - is right ! i went twice for breakfast due to convience . however , i do n't advise anyone to go here unless they are staying at mgm like i was , with money to blow like i had : ^ )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if it was n't for the selection of desserts this buffet would n't get 1 star . dried out crab legs , peel and eat shrimp but no cocktail sauce , poor selection of veggies . i could go on but do not want to relive the evening . not worth the $ 40", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't complain too much because my buffet was included with my southwest.com package deal . it was free ! ! ! yet if i had to pay $ 29 per person , i 'd be harping another tune . we went for breakfast . it was a hit or miss with some of the food items . let 's say 50 50 . the desert area was for sure a big hit . loved the mini waffles with all the toppings . yummy ! ! ! sooo ... i 'd say do n't plan to spend your money here unless you get it hooked up with your accommodation . check out wicked spoon at the cosmopolitan if you want to dish out money for a killer buffet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only reason i came here was because i got a free dinner buffet pass from myvegas . unfortunately , my experience was not memorable . the only decent thing was their prime rib . i feel like the whole experience made even the soda taste bland . i would have been quite upset if i actually paid the $ 35.99 price tag . it 's really unfortunate that this great hotel casino with so many other great restaurants offers such a let down buffet . i know i wo n't be going back unless there 's an overhaul of the restaurant , starting with the carpeting ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing really bad or good to state about mgm 's . a stay in their west wing or loungey whatever it 's called last year , 2 buffets were included . we came during a late breakfast hour , such that we were still eating when they started to dish out lunch items . satisfying for the one who just wants to get full . but it ai n't no wicked spoon or aria buffet ... .let 's get that straight !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've seen a lot of negative reviews on yelp about this buffet . have i had better food in vegas ? sure . but you ca n't complain about the food here when it comes free with your hotel package ! and what 's there to gripe about anyway ? i thoroughly enjoyed the prime rib and kielbasa sausage , as well as their seafood dishes . the enhanced water they serve is healthier than the soda options but still provides a sweet kick . the salad is n't bad and the crab legs come aplenty . the only items i would stay away from are the chinese dishes and pizza -- but hey , if you want pizza , there are obviously places that specialize in that on the strip . finally , the dessert is well-presented and equally tasty . needless to say , i will be returning here each time i stay at mgm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should have yelpped this before i went . ugh . went here for brunch . one of the worst $ 30 spent in vegas . i 've had better breakfast experiences at golden corral . what do you get for your money ? yesterday 's eggos , tired pancakes and plain ol ' scrambled eggs that a potted-up college kid could make . the only redeeming feature in the entire buffett was the made to order omlette . our server was horrible . all you have to do is take away plates and keep our glasses full and she could n't even do that . pathetic . i really expected more out of a buffet at a grand hotel like mgm . seriously folks , just go to mon ami gabi for breakfast , spend half the price for double the quality and atmosphere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at $ 35.99 person , we were completely underwhelmed . the decor looks like an old country buffet , especially when you compare it to the rest of the flashy mgm . based off the yelp reviews , i went in with low expectations anyway ... but i was hoping for the best because we were staying in the mgm signature suites and really wanted somewhere close and on the way to a show @ nyny . my favorite things there were the prime rib and the grilled asparagus . everything else was pretty overcooked . and why so many hot plates at the desert bar where most of the items are chilled ? meh for the $ $ .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh my goodness ... i hate writing reviews like this , primarily because the place is usually so bad that i ca n't help but sigh through the entire review . sigh i would have given it 1 star , but the service was really good ... hence the extra star . not only did the food lack taste , but the buffet lacked variety and most of the food was n't even warm . sigh i usually do n't like to throw away food , but i literally took a bite out of each thing and offered the rest to my boyfriend ( the garbage disposal ) . lol whatever he did n't eat just got thrown away . i actually prefer hometown buffet and that says a lot . for those of you that are familiar with hometown buffet ... . exactly ... lol do yourself a huge favor and skip this one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my review is for the breakfast buffet , and only the breakfast buffet . this is hands down the best place at the mgm grand to get an egg white omelette from the omelette station . they have a nice selection of fruit , too . and for those of you who want to clog your arteries , they have bacon , sausage , pancakes and other crap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan but it 's ok if your pressed for time and need to return to business seminar . it will cost ya $ 19 without alcohol for lunch . the gelato and desserts were awesome . my colleagues enjoyed the carving station . everything else was meh ! i assume breakfast might be better as those lines to get in were longer long . the staff was awesome , friendly and extremely attentive . i wish i could review them separately def 4.5 stars worthy ! i say give em try and see what your thoughts are . my taste buds might have not been ready for buffet lunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as far as vegas buffets go i think this one is highly overpriced ( and we used a buy one get one free myvegas slots promo ) . ( $ 39.99 per person plus tax ) . i took a lot of photos and posted them so that you can see the variety on offer . it is the variety that gives this buffet 3 stars instead of 2 . the two biggest disappointments were their crab legs ( both the cold and hot crab legs were the least flavorful crab legs i 've ever eaten ) and the sushi ( monte carlo 's selection was far superior and they were approx . $ 22 per person ) . another surprising disappointment was the fact that i could n't charge the meal to my room . i like to consolidate all my transactions in to one bill so this was disappointing . some positives ( though i am stretching here ) were the coke products and desserts . enter this buffet at your own risk . i think you 'll be better served elsewhere on the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge fan of buffet style food . but i must admit , i was blown away at the amount and quality of food that was served . food selection can vary from mexican , sushi , mash taters , fried chicken , bacon , enchiladas . carving station with prime rib n brisket , omelet station . desert bar . great service , staff was friendly and efficient at picking up plates and refilling drinks . i am looking forward to my next visit here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so-so buffet , kind of expensive for the quality of food served here . only memorable dish was this made to order potato dish where you can put bacon , mushrooms and other things to be grilled ... .mmmm yum but other than that the prime rib was pretty flavorless ... oh the crab legs were pretty good but the shrimp was not even peeled ... damn ... oh but wait , they had really good mac and cheese and some decent ribs.. shit i 'm starting to like to place ... no wait , it was too expensive . 3 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why does this place have such bad reviews ? their food is derishous ? ! ? ! ? ! hehe . came here twice in 2 days cause it was legit . why is it legit you ask ? 1 . it 's not as expensive as other over-hyped buffets 2 . the wait is never too long . they have : - salads and greens - hot food ( pizza , mac & cheese , asian noodles , chicken , ok the standard buffet food options ) - fruits section - pastries section with toaster to toast your ish ( muffins , scones , bagels , etc ) - small selection of sushi - mexican-style food section - omelettes made on-order - grilled meat section - for brunch they had the whole waffles , pancakes , and all that section - they have a separate dessert area which is n't too extravagant but its doable you can choose between soda , champagne , or mimosas with no extra charge . ( the mimosas were n't that great though ) overall i would definitely come here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for brunch . it was $ 20 a person which was n't bad for the huge spread they put on . they had all sorts of food options . american , chinese , greek , and a huge desert bar . all the food i tried was tasty . better than any buffet from my home town . the wait staff were very friendly and helpful . at the end of the day , its a buffet , the food is never five star , thats the point . but the food imo was a solid three and a half , but the desert was an easy four stars and the staff was four stars as well . that is why this place is getting four stars . but if we could , it would be a 3.66 lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to vegas a number of times and have never done buffets before . this time , i went to two . i was most excited about mgm 's buffet because i 'd heard so much about it , and i 'm a fan of crab legs . i was so disappointed . the crab legs had to have been the smallest , most malnourished little babies i have ever seen . they were not flash cooked to help the meat pull away from the shells , so getting into them was almost impossible . while there is a large selection of food , i was not impressed with the overall quality . i wanted so badly to love this buffet because i wanted to make it part of my vegas excursion every year , but this one just does n't stack up for me . i think it is overpriced ( about $ 40 per person ) for what you get , especially given that buffets are in abundant supply in vegas . so , i 'm scratching mgm off of my list , but i 'm glad i tried it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after eating here , i almost wanted to warn people waiting in line to just walk away . seriously ? $ 40 per person during the weekends for dinner at this uninspiring buffet is a joke . sure , they have prime rib , ny steak , crab legs and shrimp , but everything else was mediocre at best . the room itself is very uninspiring - my college dining commons looked nicer . the staff were nice enough , but service was slow and the waitress forgot to bring our drink order a few times . it 's just a very average buffet that is charging ridiculous prices . for the money , i 'd rather go to wicked spoon at cosmo , cravings buffet at the mirage , or the buffet at aria or bellagio . the only thing this place has going for it is that its myvegas redemption has less restrictions than the other mgm resort buffets ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had two free brunch tickets , so we stopped in around 11:00 . the line was super long , but bypassed it by virtue of the free passes . it 's typical of las vegas buffets , a ton of choices so it 's best to take a tour before filling you plates . highlights were the prime rib , grilled to order ny steaks , and chinese-style fish . you pay for your own cocktails , which lost a star because the server wanted cash payment . a scam , but i guess ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i went to the buffet right when its open , so the line was pretty short . the workers are night and friendly . the food section was alright . from asian food to mexican food , italian food and even american food . they even have a variety of delicious dessert to choose from . wine and beer is even included with the buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there was no one in line at 6 pm . not a good sign . we were starving and did n't want to wait anywhere so we decided to still check it out . all in all ? not bad but no need to return . they have prime rib , new york steak , lamb , sausages , pork chops , tilapia , pizza , chips with nacho , pork carnitas , fried chicken , fried fish , clams , mussels , veggies , salads , crab ( hot and cold ) , shrimp , and a dessert bar . what is worth the money ? prime rib and new york steak . that 'll make up for the money spent on this buffet . crab was salty . shrimp still had shells on it . one thing we did notice was that there is no kids food . yes , vegas is for adults , but people do still bring kids . so if you got kids , skip this buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for hotel buffets , this is one of the best i 've had in las vegas ! good selection and the quality seemed to be up there ! moderately priced at $ 30.00 . the desserts were very good as well as the tri-tip roast . service was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really , mgm ? with all that mayweather and paquiao money , calvin harris and tiesto money , and iheart music festival money , you should have the best buffet in vegas . as much as i love staying at the mgm , they need to upgrade their buffet , asap . in all honesty , this was probably the worst buffet i 've ever been to . the food is worse than my dog 's food ! ( yes , i 've tried dog food ... ) if you are staying at the mgm , do n't eat at the buffet , even if you get a 100 resort credit or two free buffets per stay . you 're better off eating street food . there are other restaurants in the mgm that are much better , but also pricey . you ca n't use your resort credit either , but paying for something ridiculously expensive is still better than eating at the mgm buffet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great variety of not-so-great food . there are much better meal options in the area . the desserts looked fantastic although it tasted as though they were missing all sorts of sugar , spice , and anything nice . i 'm generously giving it 3 stars for the variety although that should be assumed since it is a buffet . yikes mgm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a baleen whale mothafucka , but i do n't need no filter feedin ' to create a shrimp genocide not sure why the ratings are so low ; i found mgm buffet to be much more satisfactory and affordable than the aria buffet . yea , there 's less selection of food but overall , the food was fresher because it was switched out more often confused as to why so many people complain about the service . if you want it , do them some service of your own and call for their attention . there are tons of workers at the venue but not one can read your mind wait ... it also comes with bottomless mimosas ? ? ! fucking sold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gross sunday brunch wasted money and just degrading for a buffet in vegas . never again . even the desserts sucked . wish i had checked reviews before eating here = (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i decided to try the mgm buffet only because i had a bogo from myvegas . let me just say , don't.bother . almost all the reviews here are spot on ! the food was horribly bland , the service was sup-par bordering on non-existent , the only item worth coming here for was the prime rib , everything else had absolutely no flavor , or was complete mush from ( what it seemed like ) sitting all day . we have eaten at rio , mirage , luxor and monte carlo buffet , all of which were way better than here . we will never be back , save your money and eat somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great buffet ! i recently came for brunch on a sunday which was $ 26.99 and included mimosas . yum ! there was a lot to choose from , breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , sausage , pancakes , waffles , etc . ) as well as a beautiful carving station and other delicious foods . brunch ended at 3 and we got there around 2:15 so right as we were about to leave they brought in the crab legs , woo ! very good and fresh . i would highly recommend this for your vegas buffet needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my husband and i actually paid to eat here , i would have been mad . this casino property is one of the largest on the strip , and their buffet is the smallest i 've ever seen . much of the food did not even appeal to me , and what i did choose to put on my plate , i did not even finish . the food variety and quality is definitely lacking here . the way the lines are set up to enter the buffet are confusing and cluttered too . we stood in line for about 30 minutes without even moving an inch at one point . all that waiting for blah food . it was worth what we paid ... free .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pricey . ok choices for the prices . breakfast lunch is the best . get a coupon then its worth it . i enjoyed the fresh omellete and tasty spanish and mexican selections . churros nice touch . cheesecakes are good . great if the salads and vegetable selection was fresher . otherwise the location is clean and up to par to a standard buffett in a newee vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arrived at this buffet around 9 after watching ka . there are literally 30-40 tables open . they took 15 minutes to sit us one group at a time . there were a whopping 4 groups coming in to eat and hardly anyone in restaurant . ridiculous . now to the food . very sub par . the crab was not good , veggies bland , the chicken cordon bleu was disgusting . only thing that was good was the prime rib . it was actually very good . sausage not bad either . the sushi rolls though were like eating rubber ! all the fried food was below average . my girlfriend gagged on some of it and then was sick at her stomach all night forcing us to remain in . the deserts were sparse and not memorable . this experience was a huge disappointment as we bring a large group to vegas for super bowl every year and we hoping this would work for us . we will just stick to aria buffet , rio seafood buffet , and frankly anywhere else but here unless i am craving an entire prime rib ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything looks much better than it tastes . this place is `` meh '' at best . i recommend loading up on mimosas prior to braving mgm 's buffet ( if you 're compelled to eat here like i was , because it was bundled in the price of your room ... . or if you 're involved in some kind of fear factor dare ) . stay away from the eggs , taquitos , fish , and pretty little single-serving desserts ! i 'm not sure if i 'll be able to get up from my chair ... it feels like i consumed a hockey puck ... made of lead ... ugh ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you want to know the strength of a buffet , go during dinner because that 's where they pull all their guns out . we got comped so it was a no-brainer what meal to use it on . i 'll say outside of maybe the prime rib and crab legs , it was a really an average spread . even the dessert bar was n't anything to get excited about . they had the usual suspects : pizza , mac n cheese , chinese food , sushi , etc . but i had a hard time figuring out what to get because i do n't like to waste my appetite of fillers like carbs . at $ 30 a pop it is n't outrageous , but it could be better . our server also was just ok so that 's adds to the experience too . considering the ton of restaurants inside the resort , i kind of expect the buffet to step it up . mgm is n't known for their buffet and now i know why .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty terrible breakfast buffet . where are all the berries ? there were a few slices of strawberries next to the yogurt , otherwise , it was all the cheap fruit . the omelette station has one person . huge line . make sure to sit in the area where everyone else is sitting , i like peace and quiet , so i took a vacant section and no one came by , even when i asked for a drink . the manager came by and helped me relocate after 20 minutes . most of the food did not look appetizing and was repetitive . $ 35 for two .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "with so many buffets in vegas , you would think the mgm would invest a bit more to make it appealing . the service was horribly slow . so glad we did not get the unlimited drinks because we literally only saw our drink waiter twice ( once to order and once to get the drinks ) . she did n't even have a pen for me to sign my cc slip . it 's a good thing i had one in my purse other wise she would n't have gotten a tip ! the food really did n't stand out amongst the other buffets . we had complimentary tickets , but honestly ... even with that we probably wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wanted to give more stars as it has always been my theory that if you hate the food at a buffet you picked the wrong things but unfortunately that is no longer true . i tried the fried rice ( old and crusty ) tried the shrimp dumplings ( immediately spit it out ) , the saving grace of my visit were the employees as they saw what happened and were quick to recommend something else and even apologized for it . mgm mix it up , keep it fresh and have smaller sizes to make sure your food is always great . also give your staff a raise for the great customer they provided for those who worked the lunch buffet on tuesday 2 28 17 . or at least show them his message .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok this is not a grand anything . the prices are way too high here ! $ 40+ per person . the food was sub par and i ending up getting food poisoning from the prime rib . i would avoid this place . at lvh our buffet was $ 40 for two people and that includes unlimited beer and wine . also i did n't get sick . stay away from mgm grand buffet or you could end up puking your guts out . i 'd give it -3 stars if i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on my last trip to vegas the mgm happened to be across the street and my friends recommended we check out their buffet so after gawking at the lions , in we went . pretty pricey on a saturday night as well as busy but the line moved quickly ... the food was good , the highlight was the steak they make cooked to order with seasoning.. oh so good ! they have an omlette station too which is quite entertaining ... nothing else from the food section really stands out in my mind however ... they had the usuals ... salads , soups , pastas , and pizza ... and the desserts , they are little gourmet kinds of desserts that are sitting over there all cute . things like this little cup of tiramisu , mocha , or a little circle of cheesecake . definitely not a let down ... if you come hungry you 'll be satisfied !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here for dinner because we got a complimentary meal for two guests . we decided to eat here because it was closer to excalibur and we were over there looking around . it was the worst meal ever . everything was way too salty and some of us ended up going to the restroom right after . does n't that tell you something ? what i really appreciated was they did n't have any french fries and my brother loves french fries so our server went to tell the chef to make us some french fries . she brought this big bowl of french fries and i really appreciate this kind gesture . the amount of fries was enormous and the fries were pretty salty but the gesture was hands down out of this world . i could not believe the kindess we got from the server . the stars were judged solely on their food , customer service is 10 stars !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "of all the places to eat at the mgm , this is our favorite ( especially for breakfast ) . my kids love the waffles with strawberry topping and whipped cream . of all the buffets in vegas , this is middle of the road to above average . the fruit section looks old and neglected . if you 're staying at the mgm , you do n't need to stand in line for very long , just tell the cashier what room you 're in . great service from the wait staff . our drinks were always filled .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a solid 2 . there is a plethora , plethora array of items . almost too much , because they have no specific genre , everything looks a tad off the mark . from the salad , to the carving station , to the sushi , to the mexican food ... it is just all over the place . the free mimosas kind of suck . not the actual drink , the drink is awesome all the time . mimosas never disappoint . the line though sucks , you can only get one at a time ... if you have a coupon or its free , then eh . sure , go for it . but if you 're paying full price , there 's better out there for your money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "elise m said that i should try this buffet during my stay in las vegas . the best thing here was the cooked to order mashed potato cakes ( i had mine with bacon and cheese ) , but everything else was just mediocre . the crab legs were soggy , and the peel and eat shrimp were on the verge of going bad ( they started to smell like ammonia ) . i think for $ 25 , much better food can be had elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "either im not into buffets anymore , or mgm has lost its touch ! the food was okay but i found hair in it ! they have cut back on the quality of seafood that they serve , and they dont have as much of a variety of food as they used too but the hiked the price ! i complained and i was drunk ! not thats sad !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "more like a 3.5 or a c as to say average . ok , so let 's start by saying that buffets in general are not a good value unless you eat like a pig . however , for me , it was free since i have loyalty points , otherwise you 'll spend $ 26 for weekend champagne brunch . with that said , if you are staying at the hotel , or like many options , its not bad . you could do worse ( excalibur ) . i do like that i can try many things , multiple glasses of champagne , however , i tend to stick to the basics ... which is safer and i know i 'll like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the worst buffet i 've been in , in a long time . food is not that great and it 's super expensive for what it is . safe to say i wo n't be coming here anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we only came here because we got two complimentary passes with our suite at the signature . i can honestly say that it was probably the worst buffet that i 've been to in vegas for the price . my other friends had to pay about $ 40 per person . most of the food here tasted so generic . i also felt like they did n't have a lot of options to choose from . we were done eating within the hour . nothing was memorable . maybe only the rotisserie roast beef and some of the desserts , and that was it . what a disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "short wait line and very courteous staff . the food and atmosphere are outstanding . i can only speak about the breakfasts because this is the only place i went for it . they also give you a little carafe of coffee , which i loved . $ 20 for a buffet breakfast , ca n't beat it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so bewildered by the slew of 1-3 star reviews for mgm 's grand buffet ! i thought it was phenomenal . i went the night after christmas and was blown away . the line moved quickly , the wait staff and hosts are very polite , friendly and accommodating . drink 's are refilled constantly , and the array of food was astounding . the sushi was delicious and fresh with many varieties of maki to choose from . they have a taco bar , a pasta bar , a seafood section , a decadent dessert section ... you name it ! very busy and always a full house , but plenty of room to maneuver . everyone on here is complaining about the price but come on ! its vegas for one , and its the mgm ! they can charge whatever they please , they are one of the best , well-known casinos on the strip ! i actually thought it was quite decently priced at $ 24 bucks a person . all you can eat ... $ 24 bucks ai n't bad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite impressed . the food has soooo much flavor and is so fresh ! the green beans w almonds - addicted ! ! ! artichoke & bleu cheese ravioli- omg ! desert bar- : -d ! ! ! ! plenty of vegetarian options which was great for a change . stuffed after one plate , but at $ 30 i have to make sure i get every penny 's worth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here for lunch around 12:30pm on a tuesday . no line . seating was prompt and service was fine ( not impeccable , but fine ) . decor here reminds me of the tropicana . dated and old looking . food options reminds me of a step above hometown buffet . it 's just not that good . i walked around the place four times trying to find out what i could eat but their options were minimal . horrible asian options . meat carving was decent . meat loaf and mashed potatoes were bland . dessert options were not bad . i liked their pistachio gelato . regular price would be $ 20.99 . totally not worth it . glad this meal is free because of a complimentary deal i had when i did my hotel reservations . i would not bother returning here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just o.k . went there for breakfast twice ( my parents are senior citizens and they sure do love a buffet ) on my recent three day trip to vegas . food was typical buffet fare . i did enjoy the cinnamon rolls although i 'm pretty sure they were from a can . the best part was the mimosas were only $ 2.00 . jackpot ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for the money ... avoid ! it 's better if you go down the way to wolfgang puck . it 's pretty sad for mgm to be this way . but there is better food at hometown buffet . it 's really hard to get a refill , the food is kind of rubbery , and the desert is not that great . i recommend going to luxor or planet hollywood . service could be a little better too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to mgm buffet for brunch . thank god we got the buffet vouchers ( since we stayed at the hotel ) and did n't spend our own money . this is not a las vegas standard for buffets , this is more like a hometown buffet . very mediocre food selection , no presentation , rice krispies for dessert ? ! need i say more ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "during interop 2010 , i decided to eat here by myself one of the nights i was there . did n't want to hit up burger bar for the 50th time with one of my previous managers at my last work place , cuz that 's the only restaurant he 'll eat at whenever we 're at one of our tradeshows . this buffet does the job if you 're seriously craving seafood , indian and desserts . i really loved the crab legs and the chicken curry they had . the dessert station is plentiful . tons and tons of delicious cakes and tarts . if i did n't have work the next morning i would have paid the extra $ 5 for unlimited mimosas . then i would have probably given this buffet an extra star . ; - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love eating buffets in vegas and this was the worst i 've had . we had just checked in to our hotel and we were hungry so this was the closest buffet . it was mid-afternoon and there was no wait . the place is clean and the service is good but the selection and quality of food needs improvement . i was n't the only person walking around with empty plates looking for something to fill it with . maybe there was n't much food because it was lunch . perhaps their dinner selection is better but i do n't think i 'll return to this buffet . not worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this would not have been one of our choices of places to eat in vegas , but we got two complimentary buffets with our room bookings . we came in for the champagne brunch and were pleasantly surprised ! everything we had was delicious . i especially loved the dessert selections ! our waitress , donna was very attentive and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only ate here because it came free with our room ( and with unlimited drinks at the west wing bar ... woohoo ! ) i agree with lots of others here , its not the best but not the worst either ... but definitely not worth the money they ask for . if you get this place comped or free , then cool ! you can never go wrong with omelets and bacon for breakfast or mashed potatoes and fried chicken and salads for dinner . do n't expect much from this buffet and do n't pay full price either . studio b buffet is half the cost and way better . pros : -convenient if you 're staying at the hotel and can get comped for it , you 'll be seated quicker -has solid buffet basics : fresh green salads and veggies , potatoes and chicken ... if you do n't go fancy you 'll be okay . cons : -the `` fancier '' items looked really suspect to me . -super busy and kinda nuts in there . did n't really like the traffic in and around this buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "given that the place is smaller then even what i 'm used to in reno , nv the food was good . we caught lunch just ending and had the option to enjoy dinner . the mexican bar did n't change and was n't impressive . we enjoyed the fried chicken , salads , i really liked the ceviche , crab leg was served up , their were popover like pastries that were very good . i did find the dessert bar the other disappointing bit . nothing looked appetizing except for the macaroon which i did enjoy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "luckily the meal was mostly free as we had an $ 80 credit to use at the buffet . i do n't know if it was because we went late ( est 9pm ) but overall the whole experience was lack luster . i was hopefully for an over the top great buffet of fantastic food , not quite so much . the prime rib was dry and tough . the wife enjoyed the crab legs . the roast turkey was decent . desert was good but not great . generally just a mediocre meal . i would have been very frustrated had i paid the full price . i would say this is about even with a golden corral buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "full disclosure , i did not pay for this buffet it was included with my room at the mgm but yet and still i promise that this review will still express my full and honest opinion of this buffet . the breakfast weekend mimosas are worth the price of admission alone . they keep the glass full and even give you a to go cup . the food is what you 'd expect at most buffets , an assortment of fruits , chicken , fish and other proteins and vegetables and while they are nothing special , they are all cooked well and fresh . for a buffet , the mgm more than met my expectations and since they normally give all guest at least one free meal at the grand buffet , i think it is well worth a visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great place for those with little or no taste buds that wants to pig out ! the food is mostly bland . not worth the 40bucks if you do n't have the appetite of of 6 people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here twice now , for lunch and breakfast . honestly , it 's just an ok buffet . nothing super memorably about it . food is standard buffet fair . breakfast was better than lunch , but then breakfast is pretty hard to mess up . there just was n't anything to write home about . for us , it served it 's purpose , which was to fill us up . thank goodness though we are gold card holders which allowed us to bypass the main line as that line would have made us go elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was ok , pretty good selection from breakfast typical food and omelet bar and the carving station had a great slice of tender beef . the only issue was the price . i checked online and we saw one price . and at the register they charged us weekend price . we asked and she said today is champagne brunch ( not even posted online either ) . online price for breakfast buffer on friday $ 17.99 and we paid 29.99 . ( i know we could have walked away but we thought we 'd try it ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went to the champagne brunch this morning . the deal we got for our room included 2 free buffets . thank god for that ! if we had paid $ 24.95 a piece for what we had i would have been sicker than i was . the food was terrible . everything was overcooked , dry and tasteless . the only thing that was good was the sliced tri tip . the seasoning was delicious and the meat was so tender . the dessert selection was so limited . for the amount of selections there were , it was a shame it was so disappointing . if they gave us 2 more free buffets we would not even go back ! save your money ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the worst buffets i 've been to in vegas . would not have eaten here if the hotel had n't comped us . do yourself a favor and go to wicked spoon at the cosmo or studio b at the m instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "im not a buffet person but there was defintely a great selection from ribs , seafood , sushi to a wide variety of desserts . the buffet was pretty pricey around 26.99 on weekends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you would think something that has mgm on it would be excellent quality . it was n't that good at all . not worth the money or calories . do n't go here !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was really disappointing especially for the price . been here before and was really happy . seems like quality of the food has dropped . the desserts were dry and food seemed like it had been out awhile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was not at all a good example of lavish vegas buffets . even if you 're staying at the mgm grand , i 'd go elsewhere for a brunch on the strip . at least it 's not expensive , but having breakfast and lunch here felt far too much like being at a regular old restaurant somewhere in the midwest . ( which i would totally do in the midwest ... it 's just not what i flew to vegas to eat ! ) the food itself was okay , but there was nothing unusual , and a pretty paltry selection overall . i 'm glad i ate here at the beginning of my stay so that i could be gradually more impressed as the weekend went on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was not good , yet not horrible either , so i would settle with edible . they try to have a variety of ethnic dishes , such as indian , mexican , chinese , but the selection is still very limited . i would not eat here again and only ate here for the convenience since i stayed at the mgm signature .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "vegas is known for its buffets . this buffet was 30 person for dinner . they were supposed to have king crab legs - we were there an hour and only a hot pot of water . as we were leaving they put crab legs in . selections were 2 types of sushi rolls , carving station with over cooked brisket and roast beef . pizza and macaroni and cheese ! really ! ? ! ? ! the dessert buffet was fantastic but so is golden corral ! visited june 2016", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all i can say is , `` it 's ok. '' i 've had much worse . the only thing i liked about this buffet is that they give you the option of purchasing champagne during brunch . most places charge you for the champagne even if you 're not old enough or just do n't plan on drinking it . the mgm has charges a reduced price for the non bubble wine drinking individuals . other than that ... the food is just like any other buffets on the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for the breakfast buffet that goes for $ 17.99 . so first pro tip for you if you 're claiming a free buffet from playing the my vegas game ... do n't wait till right before going to the breakfast buffet to head to that mlife desk . odds are there will be a line . so do it earlier than later so you do n't miss your meal or have too little time to enjoy the buffet . now we 're at the breakfast buffet , if you 're at the cuff between breakfast and lunch time you 're lucky and get some lunch items ! the selection is decent , you got your bacon , eggs , omelets , sausages oh andddd plentiful desserts ! drinks are self serve in the morning . all in all because i got the breakfast buffet for free , i was content and i 'd also be okay with paying $ 18 for breakfast here as it did have a decent selection ... i 'll be back mgm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "way over-priced for what they have . spend like $ 10 more and find worlds better at bellagio", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the mgm buffet is completely average . meh , i have had better . for the price , i think you 're way better paying 5 bucks more ( for dinner ) and going to the wynn . i 've never been to the wynn 's buffet ( ha ! ) but i can imagine it must be way better then mgm . i did enjoy the lobster ravioli , crab salad , and the desserts ! they were beautiful , rich , and miniature , so you can eat 4 and not feel like a total fatty . during a previous trip , i had the breakfast buffet , which was pretty good . i prefer the brunch buffet at paris , but i was satisfied with mgm 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a comped meal buffet here . this is your typical las vegas buffet . but considering this is mgm grand , i really expected better ... everything was dry and tasteless . the variety was n't very appealing . the service was good though , that was about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had champagne bunch here for $ 20pp which is not a bad value for a hotel brunch . likely my second favorite buffet on this past trip the order being : 1 . bellagio brunch 2 . mgm champagne brunch 3 . pampas brazilian bbq ( miracle mile ) 4 . monte carlo dinner 5 . quad 's brunch service was crap . the food was alright - as a vegetarian i had some novel options but was n't really excited about anything . i 'm not sure the champagne is worth it - you 'd think it 's `` all you can drink '' but it 's more like `` all the inattentive server decides to bring you '' and that 's probably not worth it . with a great server that would be an awesome deal though ... i did n't even get a buzz and i 'm a light weight drinker . the highlight of the buffet is the gelato ... i guess that 's not the biggest complement because they just served that stuff up but i really enjoyed that covered in baby m & ms .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i visited the mgm grand buffet on sun evening 8 2 . we used a two for one with m life . i believe it would have been worth full price . we found the salad bar to be set up well with only 2 selections deep so you could reach the back easily . one of the items was green pea shoots which were a nice treat . there was a nice selection of chilled shrimp , cold crab legs and steamed crab legs . the crab legs were split open for easier access .the carving station had roasted turkey , kielbasa and prime rib . the prime rib was delicious although cooked too much for my husband 's taste . a notable dessert was the peanut butter gelato which tasted like butterfinger candy bars.there was also delicious bread pudding with vanilla sauce you add yourself . the drink service was great and dishes were removed promptly . we will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service : servers were attentive . constantly refilling the drinks and cleaning away the dirty plates . the food : the food quality ... .. poor ! the dinner & brunch buffets are $ 33 including tax . they do have many varieties of food choice ; however , the quality is like hometown buffet . quantity ... but no quality ! many of the dishes are not flavorful , very bland . the meat section ... very dry and overcooked . seafood section ... . not really fresh . definitely wo n't try here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for a buffet this place is passable . there are certainly better buffet places out there . the mgm 's grand buffet is ok. for 29.99 $ ( weekday buffet ) you can get prime ribs , bbq ribs , turkey , various sausages , crab legs and shrimp . this is what i cared about and were my bang for the bucks . the crab legs were great and easy to eat . the shrimp was tasty . the carving station stuff were mediocre . there are a plethora of other items like a whole aisle of chinese , a whole aisle of italian along with the pizza station and few mexican . the orange chicken and noodles were good . the desert station was a bit dis-appointing . the only item that i enjoyed there was the lychee flavored italian ice . if you wan na upgrade for drinks that option is available as well for a few extra bucks ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "that photo is so misleading . came here for lunch ( with a voucher from our hotel ) and because it was brunch hours , prices were $ 30 per person . there were n't any seafood , 1 meat station , and mostly cheap breakfast items ... definitely not a good place for lunch . stayed around to gamble , dinner looked good with some crab legs , lamb , and other foods . dessert place is also small ... at this price level , definitely go to wicked spoon over mgm grand .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omg i 'm in love : ) this place is so awesome . we went becasue they have this special going on where you pay $ 30 for all day and becasue it was close to our hotel . its 3 meals at $ 10 a piece so not too bad for las vegas . our waitress there was one of the best waitresses we 've had . the desserts here are really really good . they have a little bit of everything . we did n't have to wait in line for anything so that was a big plus . i fell in love with their guacamole and their chocolate mousse . yummy ! i will so be back to this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went during the breakfast lunch change over , the breakfast was pretty good awesome plump sausages , the pineapple was wonderful , and the sweet breakfast items i tried were really good . the wait staff seemed efficient , drinks quickly plates cleared ect . now the lunch sucked pizza was inedible the steak tasted like overcooked gray meat , i would recommend anywhere else for lunch !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "how could this place get more than 1 star ? waitress service was slow ( takes about 15min at least to receive any drink refill after ordering ) the food was terrible . my husband and i kept tasting all sorts of dishes and we would shake our heads and say , `` this is not very good '' . the prime rib was completely inedible . the only thing remotely decent here is the crab legs which was slightly too salty ( but at least they tasted fresh ) . sadly , this buffet 's food quality had not changed from the last time i was here ( 5-7years ago ) . i was willing to give this place another chance since we had tickets for ka , which is at the mgm . i am sad , and not full . to fill up my stomach , i actually ate salad and fruit because none of the dishes nor desserts were very good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the cakes and sweet items are very good here but thats about it . everything else taste really bland and dry . i see them cutting it fresh but it does not taste juicy like the other buffets .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! ! ! when is vegas , do try this buffet . i have never had a more elaborate and huge buffet experience . i had to eat my breakfast here for 3 days to try all the things they had to offer , that too only vegetarian and eggs , as i do n't eat meat . a must try ! ! ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why oh why did n't i listen to the fellow yelpers ? ! because i landed in vegas early in the morning and made the mistake of asking the concierge for places where we could get breakfast . `` the grand buffet ! '' the nice lady at the desk said . early in the morning ... really chipper ... and those rosy cheeks ... how could she be wrong ? oh , she could be very wrong . the scrambled eggs looked like grated chick peas , ac was pumping so the food on your plate was cold by bite # 3 , overall was just not worth the $ 30 per person . i have to say , the service was excellent . our server took our drink order and brought our drinks right away . and he passed by our table to check in w us very frequently . other than the good service , it just was n't worth the price . just go to the bellagio 's buffet instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love seafood , every kind and every type . my main thing when i come to any buffet is their seafood stuff and quality in meat . i was shocked with how disappointing the seafood and meat was here . the shrimp was random sized , which made some shrimp overly cooked compared to others . none of their fish even tasted like fish . and their meat ? ? full of fat and dry when carved for me . this place needs to take a look at their menu and change some things around ! for being mgm , i 'd expect better . i 'd say hit up aria , or cosmo for more bang for your buck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my last food stop in vegas . grabbed an early breakfast at the grand buffet at the mgm which happened to be where i was staying . they had a pretty good selection available and it all tasted pretty good . i ended up just getting the usual breakfast fare : eggs , quiche , these little potato like hash brown things ( which was really good ) , country potatoes , bacon , sausage . they had smoke salmon but it was prepared differently than the `` raw '' looking kind ... it was more cooked through ... so i passed on it . i actually enjoyed it more than the breakfast at bellagio and mandalay bay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually only go here for the breakfast buffet . it 's hit or miss at this place . the breakfast items are your normal eggs , bacon , sausage , potatoes , french toast , blah blah blah . however , what really makes this place hit or miss is the desserts . now , i know what you 're thinking , desserts for breakfast ? that 's overkill . but , you 're wrong . so wrong in fact , that that 's almost blasphemous ! at no time in life is dessert overkill , okay ? okay ! anyway , sometimes the desserts will be really good , sometimes you 'll think to yourself that you could 've got better desserts in the vending machine next to your room . but , if you 're one of the lucky people to catch them on the good day , then consider yourself blessed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch with my wife . everything is grand about the place except for the food . the food was lackluster and was common like any other cheaper vegas buffet . i feel that you are just paying for the scenery and dining experience . i would go somewhere else for the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i hate buffets . with that said , this one actually had a lot of food , and really good food at that . i still do n't like buffets ( i 'd rather be waited on , haha ) , but if you want to try a good buffet in vegas , this one 's acceptable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ate here for dinner on a weekend evening , and were not impressed at all . the variety was smaller than a cheap chain buffet , and the food was mediocre . veggies were overcooked and mushy , meat was dry , seafood was flavorless . nothing was outright bad , but none of it was good either . very , very underwhelming .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how odd . i thought the m hotel studio b buffet was mediocre and the reviews were great . i think the mgm is top notch and no one hardly agrees . i went during a local conference for lunch and thought it was amazing ! i love places that offer a variety of fresh cold and hot vegetable dishes ! the food was bright , fresh , and smelled wonderful . the culinary knife skills presentation was great . ( nice tourne 's ) and i was impressed at how grand it was . i really did n't have time to try everything . i plan on coming back for dinner in 2 months .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok you would think mgm grand and you think grand . well the buffet is anything but . we went for lunch dinner so we were there for the change over into dinner . and dinner was no better than the lunch . some items were n't even changed out from lunch . dried out , dishes on the buffet all the way down to the prime rib . and selections were slim even when it came to making a salad . i do give them the 1 star for the desserts . as there selection was different and tasty . wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! better than any place else ! warm and tasty . just perfect ! yummy mimosas ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bit pricey for a buffet but it was a holiday weekend so my bill ran at $ 38.. the food selection at this buffet was definitely better than most.. their california rolls , potstickers , mac n cheese , and vegetable lasagna were all very tasty ! again , i did n't have much stomach space for food after drinking all day so i had to endure the feeling of starving sickness all throughout my meal.. such a complicated adventure ! the only thing i put on my plate that i was n't a fan of was of the vegetarian pizza.. it was pretty bland and lacked any outstanding flavors.. i did n't get a chance to sample anything else since i could n't bare to eat anymore but this was for sure one of the better buffets..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they really need to re-evaluate on having a buffet . with so much history , at the mgm grand and this is what they have to offer . it 's rather disappointing and i would say the worst buffet in vegas i 've had in the 10 years i 've been coming to vegas . either they do n't listen to the reviews or they just do n't care . to me it 's ruining mgm 's image and unacceptable . the food quality is below par with the exception of the desserts which is slightly better . everthing was either overcooked , or dry . the atmosphere reminds me one of those $ 11.99 chinese buffet . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there this saturday for the champagne brunch . there is a quite a bit of variety and the food is good . it is better than many other buffets , but not extraordinary . the service was friendly and good . our server kept the mimosas coming and made sure to clear all dirty dishes from our table quickly . i really like their dessert station , miniature portions but everything we had was delicious and we tasted almost every dessert they had . the only thing we had that was not good was the miso soup , it was simply bland foggy water with a few pieces of seaweed , no tofu & no seasoning . overall , it is a lot better than the palace station buffet , but not worth what the mgm charges . i still prefer the circus circus buffet , greater selection for half the price . the paris buffet is better than the mgm , for about the same price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well ... the one positive thing is that it 'll fill you up . i ca n't really judge the service since a buffet is all-you-can eat . but i can say that the food was either overcooked , or really dry . dinner for adults was $ 29.99 per person and for children it was $ 15.99 . i rather pay $ 29.99 for a decent entree at some restaurant and get full at the satisfactory level than stuffed to the point that you wonder why you decided to eat there in the first place . but like i said , it 'll fill you up quickly and there 's a lot of variety .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a mere 3 , this place has to drop prices 30+ for just a single person ? ! i spend a little more than that for me and my gf ! the food is ok some things seem kind of bland while others do have flavor . they have a huge selection of food throughout all hours of the day and i believe on week days it is only about $ 25 a person , it is worth going maybe on a weekday but stay away on weekends . ca n't complain it isnt going to be a 5 star menu as it is a buffet but the food overall is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was not worth $ 77 . for 2 people . spice market at planet hollywood was a lot better for $ 20 less for 2 people . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "am a little bit late in writing this review but i figured what the heck . well for the starters the line just to pay is huge when we finally got to the cashier to pay we realized there was another line just to get a table wtf ? ? ! ! once we were seated everything went well our waiter ( wish i would of got his name ) was very nice and made sure our cups were always full and made sure to always pick up our dirty plates . they had a very large variety of food everything from sushi to mexican food and everything was freshly made . i wish their dessert area had more of a variety everything was also bite size but overall it was pretty good . as far as the price goes am not to sure because we scored free vouchers but i believe it was $ 15 for kids 4-12 and $ 19.99 for adults drinks included . we went during lunch time i think the price goes up if you go during dinner time : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a guest of the hotel this past weekend . i actually went 3-days in a row from friday-sunday . ca n't complain about my recent visit . i have noticed improvement in their food . got to try their brunch , a long with their dinner as well . my friends enjoyed it . no complaints from us . the chef who was managing the hot grill making the shrimp , chicken , and steak plates was on point . he was very friendly and a pro at what he was doing . i did n't get his name but i do remember his name tag had `` el salvador '' on it . props to him ! i hope the mgm buffet management acknowledge his work . the buffet is pricey , but will i bet back ? yes , i would ! would be even better if they 'd comp a buffet for me hehe . but i definitely will be back . quick-tip : - make sure to come in advance . it does get packed . if anything were to change , i will be updating my review . thanks mgm buffet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical vegas buffet . $ 25 per person . food was good , dessert was awesome !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we somehow ended up eating here , cause everyone was starving and we were walking past this place . so not worth the $ 25 . and you have to pay an additional $ 5 for unlimited mimosas . most buffets already include the mimosas in the price . we could have paid an extra couple of bucks and went to a buffet that had seafood . i was so disappointed that i did n't even take photos of the food . the only thing i ate here was the lobster ravioli , smoked salmon and a piece of lasagna . there was nothing that stood out about the food . i would n't recommending coming here to anyone . spend a few extra bucks , and go to another buffet . i wish we had gone to paris ' buffet or even rio 's . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a little worried because of all of the negative reviews i saw on here , but you do learn a lot from all the negative reviews . generally speaking , i get to learn at least the food items offered . we arrived at 3:30 right at the transition from brunch lunch to dinner . all food was fresh and tasty . nothing was really left untouched . sushi rolls were good for buffet smoked salmon was nice , plentiful , and just right temperature shrimp of course was yummy and not fishy the cooked fish ( both lunch and dinner varieties were delectable the desserts were plentiful in variety and small enough that allows you to try without looking like a glutton . i 'm glad this was my first vegas buffet experience , because my second trip to a different buffet with much better yelp ratings was horrible , more expensive , and just really truly the pits ! ! good one , hats off to the grand buffet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "insipid food ... pathetic selection ... rundown and outdated decor in desperate need of a remodel .. and 40 bucks for this ! wake up mgm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i was in vegas over thanksgiving week and we were going to go to the bellagio buffet on thanksgiving day . there was a 3 hr wait . we decided to go to the mgm buffet being that we were going to the david copperfield show at the mgm that night . there was no wait ... ... . for a reason . it was well below average . i thought it was a level above sizzler . i do n't expect much from sizzler but i do expect more out of a huge hotel like mgm . food was dry , bad low end choices . it has variety but quality lacks . the weirdest thing is that all the meats were scattered everywhere . most buffets i 've been to have stuff grouped together accordingly ... not this buffet ! the buffet was $ 40 but should have been $ 20 . it you 're not worried about quality , this buffet is for you . you probably have a better dessert choice at home .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since i did n't have a `` frequent flier '' card nor accumulated enough points to get the buffet for free , i had to pay full retail . for the weekend champagne brunch , this was about 27 buckaroos . standard buffet fare . no seafood other than deep fried swai ( an asian catfish ) , some sushi rolls , and lox . i did n't expect any , but it would have been nice for a full fare customer like me . i really liked the tri-tip at the carving station . that comprised roughly a third of my meal . the rest was some mashed potatoes and gravy , a few fried chicken legs , and a piece of corn on the cob . oh ... and about 6 glasses of champagne : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we did breakfast . it was a great selection of items . all very well prepared . it was clean and good service . this was the first morning there and i had not been to las vegas in about 15 years . i was amazed to see a man sit down for breakfast and he had a corona . so funny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this buffet was actually pretty good . we came here around dinner time . price was 33 per person . they had sushi , chinesee food , american , soup and salad . i love there desert bar . they had these chocolate mousse served in shot glasses..i had 3 of them . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely not worth the price . selection was poor . attitude of the staff was not very friendly . i stood in line waiting to pay . when i was next , i waited to be beckoned over by the cashier . after 2 minutes of waiting for the girl to call me over , i went to her and she told me she was closed . what was that ? ? i had to go to the end of the next line . i argued and complained of course . also , the staff has an attitude when bringing out food to a new station . you ca n't touch it ! ! oh yea , then why bring the food out ? ! ! do yourself a favor , go get a $ 1 big bite from am pm . it will be comparable to this place . with so many other nice restaurants at this property , it is confusing why this `` grand '' buffet , which is several notches below your local hometown buffet , is there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the reason i came , was because i was had two free dinners . i have been here before ... .about a year ago , literally the same exact menu ... ca n't they change it up a little ? food was meh ... the sushi was n't terrible , for being commercially made .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wound up hitting this for dinner - then doubled down for breakfast two days later . dinner was a hit for me - crab legs were fat and meaty , prime rib nicely medium rare . lots of selections - asian , mexican , continental . fabulous dessert bar with really really good ice cream and beautiful little desserts . our server was quick to refill drinks and clear plates breakfast , less impressive , they need to have more than one person preparing eggs omellettes to order . corned beef hash was disappointingly dry . fruit selection mediocre . biggest hit for me was the yogurt with fat bluegerries raspberries . again , server was very good . prices were higher than they should be , -1 star for that . that said , this is probably the best vegas buffet i 've been to in a long time ( to me , better than spice market , rio , caesars , big kitchen , dishes , flamingo ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you ca n't eat at the wynn everyday , so we head out here for the afternoon buffet . i loved the seafood selection . the staff was clearly a lot faster than the ones at the flamingo . repeat after me : `` not all buffets are equal . '' i know corny right . but it 's true . i 'm amazed at the number of buffets in vegas , but i figure it this way , when you have pissed all your money with the exception of the free meals or comp tickets , you can still eat . we had an overall good impression here enough to try it again for dinner . it does fill up around that time , but it 's not too bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and great bottomless drink rates but the manager told us we were too loud and said he needed to ask us to leave . i think that when you 're working in a buffet with bottomless brunch at a casino that complaining about a noise level of a group is ridiculous when there 's tons of empty tables at a buffet is ridiculous . they tried cutting us off one unlimited mimosas which felt almost anti customer focused . our waiter was told by management not to give us anymore mimosas . we talked to jeremy the manager and he was very accommodating to our frustrations and gave us another round of mimosas though we already felt like we were n't welcome . we 'll come back but honestly watch your octave because apparently they 're sensitive to that and i still think complaining about noise levels in vegas is ridiculous . john the waiter is the best ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast on a saturday ( only waited about 5 minutes ) . the price was right ( $ 15 bucks ) and there was plenty to choose from . to be honest , nothing about the food selection stands out , it was just your typical breakfast items , but again , at $ 15 bucks , i was a happy camper !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just like any buffet the food is hit or miss . some look good but taste not so good and then the opposite also occur . i still ate my fill but unfortunately the only way to find out is by trial and error . this place is pretty good if you need food in a hurry and are starving . but nothing to sing home about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the breakfast here is cool . waffles , eggs , milk , juice and tons of meats . i dont know how much it is because my husband paid . but its really good . the coffee was extra good . i feel like i want to nap and return in about an hour lol . i give it four stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ridiculously overpriced . i had their breakfast buffet . standard breakfast items except the dessert that were fancy shmancy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know ... i really like the mgm grand buffet ! ! i load up on prime rib and crab legs here with tons of melted butter ! ! oh , yeahhhhhh ... sooooooooo , gooooooooood ! the first time i ate here was about 6 7 years ago . we were staying at the mgm for a week , and we ate here for brunch and a late dinner . filled my plate with deep fried chicken , mash , prime rib , lasagna , crab , shrimp ... ..you name it , i ate it ! ! i was relatively in shape checking into the hotel ... but holy cow~ ! ! ! ! upon returning home and weighing myself ... i put on a whopping 12 pounds ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! un-freakin-believable ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why does the second largest hotel in the world have one of the worst buffets ? i dunno cause pretty much every other buffet is better . grand buffet is definately the low man on the totem pole . in the south strip area , hit up mandalay bay 's buffet , paris ' buffet , or planet hollywood 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while i enjoy the mgm grand hotel resort ... i am not a huge fan of the buffet . i have tried 3 times and have been disappointed every time . my issue is in comparison , the higher price sets an expectation that does n't deliver . most people want to feel like they are getting what they pay for and here just does n't feel that way . the food does not sit for too long and there is a sizable selection . the mgm group has had deals that included free or cheap buffets and that makes sense ... .if you 're paying for a buffet i would suggest going over to excalibur .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friends and i were starving so we were passing by the mgm so we walked inside . we ran into the grand buffet . at first i was iffy but then it was ok . but after i had my first plate i saw the line for the new york steak and that was great . then i had a few king crab legs and dipped it in butter . the desserts were n't bad at all . the mini cheesecakes , lime tart , and tiramisu was all good . it was a great buffet definitely worth it for 30 bucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for one of the largest hotels on the strip , i expected a lot better from this place in terms of quality and service . anyone who would give this place 4 or 5 stars obviously does not get out much . check out the buffet at mirage . that place is money well spent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we tried the breakfast buffet using a bogo from myvegas game on facebook . so glad we did ! the food is so fresh and many unique dishes . fresh omelets or any style eggs made to order at the omelet station . mouth watering meats at the carving station . best cup of coffee anywhere ! seriously ! very nice wait staff . though , our cashier was borderline rude . not a great way to begin our sit down , but our server was super nice , as well as the rest of the staff . we have eaten here before a few years back for the dinner buffet and it was incredible -- wanted to have a great breakfast this time , and was not disappointed . my favorite sweet treat was the breaded pineapple ( served warm ) -- so delicious ! i went back for more ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i gave the mgm grand hotel 4 stars in my review for them . too bad their buffet was n't on the same par . if charles barkley ate here , he probably would have said that the food was `` turrable ... absolutely turrable ! '' i understand that food ( and just about everything else ) in vegas is overpriced , but if i 'm gon na pay $ 20 for a lunch buffet , i would expect better . i did like the fresh fruit they had , but everything else was just ... meh . i do n't consider myself as someone who 's hard to please , but damn , they 've got to step their game up here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is not bad , the lady at the counter was crazy and made the checking in process longer than it should have been . i think her name was lynn . waitress mia but the eggs and tator-tot ball was fab !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "why such low ratings ? ! this buffet is definitely underrated . after having the most epic bachelorette celebration the night before , it was necessary for us to refuel for the trip back to cali . since we were staying at the signature and could n't bear to mission it anywhere else for brunch , we decided to go to the buffet at mgm . it was awesome that were no lines and we were immediately seated . though i was definitely hurting from the 6 bottles of drank that we killed the night before , i managed to appreciate the quality of the brunch selections . i loved how i was able to satisfy my hangoverness with different plates of breakfast and lunch items . overall , if you 're in the mgm and looking for a variety of things to eat then definitely check this buffet out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "monday night , $ 56 for 2 just because it was crab night ? neither me nor my dinner date are into seafood and the rest of the selections were terrible . mediocre at best . never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i screwed up and ate the food the first morning i was there , it was the bacon or corned beef and hash that completely destroyed my digestive system for two days nasty old food ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , i have no idea how mgm 's buffet is getting so many awful reviews . i went for lunch , and thought they had a great selection , with several excellent dishes . the shrimp ravioli and a few choices at the carving station were particularly good . just because a buffet does n't serve lobster tail and pan-seared quail genitals does n't mean you ca n't get a delicious meal there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm usually very picky about buffets because i prefer quality over quantity but mgm 's buffet was alright and i was surprised . everything tasted fresh and was pretty appetizing . however , i had a little over an hour wait ... but it 's las vegas , so what do you expect ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've stayed at the mgm many times in the past , but have never been to the buffet there . i only tried it because they advertised an all day buffet , breakfast , lunch and dinner , for a single price of $ 29.95 . i had a feeling there would be some kind of a catch , and of course , there was . i tried the buffet at dinner and after paying $ 29.95 , asked if that included breakfast and lunch the next day . the answer was `` no '' , that special is only if you start early in the day for breakfast , you can get lunch and dinner included that same day . as for the food , it was ok . if you are into desserts , you might like this buffet . although i did n't try any of the desserts , they had an excellent selection of various cakes , puddings , cookies and ice cream . it sure looked good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not the greatest buffet at all , even if it was located in a normal city . the food selection was terrible and food quality was poor . we made a big mistake when we thought to drop in here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the buffet i used to always go to before i discovered the buffet at the wynn and the carnival buffet at the rio . i really liked it here before . it 's not like it 's bad now , it 's just that there 's better out there ! it 's cheaper here than the other places , the dessert is good here too ! i love their fruit tart and their cheesecake ! i have good luck gambling here too ! =d ... wait do i ? i ca n't remember , i hope i did ! i 'd totally go here again after getting my fix at either the rio or the wynn ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "folks walking around with plates piled high looking dazed and confused , i must be at a brunch buffet ! the cost was decent , $ 22.99 and add another $ 2.50 for the bottomless champagne , although cheap champagne it was still a cool deal . the variety was pretty extensive ; from your normal breakfast items , waffles , omelets , home fries , to italian , mexican , and even sushi . note to self , never , ever mix waffles and sushi . you will pay a hefty price later .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the new policy of no table service is awful , the hostes can not serve you even a glass of water . the food is not that good is used to be , but the prices are the same or higher . bad . bad bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the breakfast buffet which we visted a couple of times during our vegas stay . i 've read some bad reviews for this place and really wanted to try one of the more highly rated buffet 's but we were staying at the mgm signature so this was easy for us to pop along to , to get us going on a morning . i found the breakfast selection to be really good . i would guess it is quite hard to mess up a breakfast buffet as most places must do a similar thing , but we always found plenty we wanted to eat especially the made to order pancakes which we delicious especially with chocolate chips . there was also always a queue for the made to order omelettes so i guess they were also good ( although i never tried them ) . the service was good and i did n't feel we were rushed by our server . i would go again to this buffet at least for breakfast anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bomb.com x2 ! ! ! i am shocked that this buffet has a 2.5 rating . my friends and i were hungover and starving . we are all critical eaters and we were impressed ! they had everything and every style of cooking . if you craving something , more than likely they have it ! granted my friends and i got a great deal on this buffet but so utterly great with a variety of everything . i will be coming back here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had breakfast here our first of 3 mornings in vegas last week . convenient since we stayed at the mgm grand - but that was the best thing going for it . i asked for non-fat milk and the waitress told me that they only had skim and would that be ok - duh ... .do people ( especially in food service ) not know that they are the same ! ? wow . food was cold , line for omlettes was long and slow , service was ok , and we certainly did n't eat $ 20 each worth of food ... ..there are some really great buffets in vegas , but this was n't one of them . : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the best buffet in the world , but certainly not bad . i was n't a big fan of the seafood but the salads and vegetarian sides were yummy . the pasta had maybe been sitting out for a while , so it was n't the best . better luck next time ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow worst buffet ! ! ! ! i wish i would have checked the reviews before i came here . food dishes were very dry and seemed to have been on the buffet table for days ! no flavor and looks very old . absolutely very disappointing ! ! dessert is not edible ! ! ! it 's just the best mgm grand can do ? ? very disappointing for such a grandiose hotel . i paid $ 36.99 . value i got was less than $ 5 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like my friend lubs wrote , this place has a good variety of food , but it was all pretty mediocre ! and expensive for $ 30 dinner , i thought . the crab was pretty good , and so was the clam chowder . they have a good selection of desserts , but stay away from the tiramisu ... it was watery !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's a lot of good food in las vegas . i would n't waste my time eating at this buffet . it will set you back about $ 43 , and the food is quite mediocre . also , there 's an additional charge for any beer wine and they do n't even bring it to your table ( lol ) . you have to go to the bar and pick it up yourself . in my opinion , there are so many other places to eat in vegas , it 's just not worth the time to go to this buffet . it 's what can be expected of most buffets : most of the food is not fresh , and you 're paying for quantity more than quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for breakfast in feb '13 ... .lots of choices , all pretty good . some items seemed maybe to be too hot and overcooked . standouts were the nice fresh salmon lox paired with goat cheese which was a nice change from cream cheese .nice desserts . also unlimited mimosa 's were great ! about a half hour wait in a line that moved pretty quickly on a saturday a.m. would more than likely go again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "last time i was in vegas we ate here and one of the guys got sick and had to stay in the hotel while we went out and partied . sucked to be him but i still had a great time on the strip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "crab salad ! that 's what i could have made a meal out of at this beautiful buffet . nice atmosphere , quality carving station , good choice of foods , nice people , good price for the lunch buffet , $ 17.99 . one of the best buffets on the south strip ; the surrounding buffets are all lacking . go to the mgm at strip and tropicana ... .. mmmm ... . that crab salad ! ! : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll keep this review short and sweet . tried a few buffets here in vegas so far and this one is by far the worse . food quality is maybe a step up from golden corral . only thing is golden corral prices their slop better than this place . just for reference , we had a buffet at the bellagio last night and it was the best buffet i have ever had and was only $ 5 more per person than this place . staff is ok but nothing to brag about . they brought our sodas and we could tell right off the bat they were diet soda . i told the lady and she says people have been saying that all night ? ? ! ! then why not warn us first ? ? wo n't be back ... ... ever", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when it comes to buffet food in this town with its great variety of food at different price points unlike no other i tend to have just one simple rule and that is the food must taste good . this buffet fails miserably at this . for the price they charge i was hoping to at least have decent pizza or maybe a good fried chicken , all of the food was bland w absolutely no flavor and in many instances as if their cooks are n't even trying to add flavor . the desserts were ok and did n't do anything for my palette . i guess they are hoping since it 's the only buffet inside this casino that you would settle but believe me you are better off eating at one of the chain restaurants at the food court then wasting your money inside this tasteless atrocity . ps : the service was good and or waitress did an awesome job .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the order . buffet ! selection was quite limited for a `` grand buffet '' but then again i was there on a wednesday night . staff was limited but nice . wait was ridiculously long for a buffet on a weekday . crab legs were meaty but salty . roasted chicken had nice seasoning but was sitting out on the heat lamp too long . char sui ( chinese bbq pork ) was really sweet- go figure . chicken and pork shumai were shriveled but had okay flavor the rib meat was tough but had a nice minimal rub . pork loin was lean but dry . and was in a weird sour cream sauce . nothing special . just ample selection though not the best . but more than enough to get full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a very average buffet . for the same price ( $ 27.99 ) , go to the buffet at the bellagio . todai is better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremly disapointing , i will not return for so much crap , for so much money , go elsewhere ! i 've been here before many times over the years , i will not return . first off it was feb 15th , day after valentine 's day , they charged me 33 % more for the buffet , claiming a holiday event weekend . but did not discover this till after the fact . you would expect something special for the upcharge ! absolutely not . very limited selection ! tried 3 different vegies all were barely room temperature , i wish the health department was present checking temps . most meats were overcooked , dry chicken smothered in sauces . i could go on ... yuck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was n't that bad , but for the price it 's 3 stars . 26 bucks for brunch . they do know how to cook bacon . for the price i could of got two gordon ramseys burgrs", "score": "3"}
{"review": "`` grand buffet '' is a severe understatement . now that being said , the selection that was available for lunch were well prepared . but seriously , for the price , there are definitely better values .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst breakfast buffets i have ever been to , especially for $ 20 ! ! ! ! there was very little choices such as fruit . two melons and some canned fruit . there was not many breakfast item choices either and the stuff that was there was of very low quality . for example the pan with a dehydrated matt of bacon which i guess you were suppose to chip of what you wanted . this is the first breakfast buffet i have left hungry . also there is no beverage service all the coffee and juice is on the other side from the buffet and self service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update ! i went back to mgm buffet and it was delicious ! great variety , tasty , hot foods were hot and cold foods were cold . the ice cream was fantastic ! thank you to the mgm buffet for making this a great night out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ehhh ... out of all the buffets ive had in vegas this one is probably my least favorite . the food is decent but the actual space could use a little refresher . also i think i paid 30 bucks for dinner and it wasnt nearly as good as the rio which was only about 23 bucks . its ok though , it will definitely do the trick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for breakfast . this could be easily be a 2 star because the food was so mediocre . however , under the right circumstances , this place fits the bill . i destroyed this buffet , going back for food 3 times . this is when you should go here : -you 're too hungover to walk outside into the 95 deg heat ( assuming you 're staying at mgm ) -you do n't care about the tastiness of food offerings -your priority is to fill your belly , drink an impressive amount of water , then go back to bed on a side note : the hash was cold , the eggs benedict was weird and awful , and the huevos rancheros was blah . best think there were the simple eggs w ham and cheese .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "paid $ 100 for friday night dinner buffet for me and my daughter . first sight the selection was decent lots of seafood options . unfortunately that 's where it ends . sushi rolls were dry , salmon was dry , the steaks and prime rib was juicy but salty . desserts were minimal and no creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e . okay if it was $ 25 per person not $ 39 . we will not be back.l", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i were 80 years old and at a small casino away from las vegas maybe this buffet would have been alright , but i 'm neither of those so it was not . the food selection is boring and clearly not fresh . the salad bar items have clearly been sitting in their containers around the ice too long , they were bad , and the fixings for the salad were too limited . the carvery was decent but that was the only hot food that was . finally , the service was friendly but very slow , especially considering it was n't busy , our glasses sat empty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty bad . was this place good at one time ? for the price i paid , i expected something much better . two kids and an adult on a friday nught . $ 86 . unbelievable . no selection of food . quality of food sucks . only thing good was almond bread pudding .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food selection is vast , but very standard quality . would have rather fewer options and better quality , as mgm buffet seemed to have a quantity over quality problem . the service was awesome though , especially for a buffet ! margarita , our waitress , was super attentive and kept the mimosas flowing and did n't judge us for drinking them too quickly . in short , i had a decent omelet , and some fruit and veggies , that left me full for hours ! i also left with a good buzz from those delicious mimosas so i could hit the strip with confidence ! i should note , i had a free voucher so i was n't expecting much . would i return and pay full price ? probably not , but sign up and play myvegas and you can redeem points and go for free ... because who does n't love free champagne ? ! oh , and in case you 're wondering , my favorite buffet is at the bellagio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had worse . this place really is n't that bad . although their food is average at best , they do have a pretty big variety . last time we arrived during the last half hour of breakfast and managed to get both breakfast and lunch , so it was a pretty good deal for about $ 14 or whatever it was . mind you , its not one of those places you eat for every meal during your entire stay ( some people have special promotional vouchers that come with hotel stays ) , but it 's one of those places you should try at least once before you write it off because of some bad reviews .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never again ! the only reason my girlfriend and i went was because it was close to the david copperfield show . i did n't expect much and they definitely delivered . do yourself a favor and save your 60 bucks for the blackjack tables . even if you lose it would be money better spent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent buffet thats pretty reasonably priced . i was with 7 buddies and we were celebrating a friends 22nd birthday so we were trying to get hammered off the bottle less mimosas . our server just made the best of the situation and tried to have fun with us so we left her a generous tip . we each much have had 15 mimosas and a couple glasses of champagne . they were great to us . the food was good , nothing special . they have smoked salmon and bagels which is great for a buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here twice . so not worth the $ 25 ( including tip ) . the taco shells were stale so i opted to eat only the taco ingredients ( ground beef , shredded lettuce , guacamole , sour cream , cheese ) . the bbq pork ribs were n't tender . the macaroni & cheese was too rich . it was almost as if kraft singles were put on top , melted , stirred around , then served . my stomach started hurting after my 2nd plate , which had the mac & cheese , taco ( with a stale taco shell ) , and meat lasagna . ended up with diarrhea during the drive home . never again . i kinda wish we went to the buffet at the m like i had originally wanted . next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this buffet was pretty terrible . limited selection and the carving guy was like the soup nazi ! you had to beg like a hungry dog to get more than an ounce of meat at a time . so many better options on the strip . oh , and they charged an 18 % gratuity because we had a large party . i mean ... you even have to get your own drinks ! 18 % to clear the table when we leave ? meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i liked the dinner buffet a lot ! the vegetables were perfectly cooked . the tri-tip beef was delicious . the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes were some of the best i have had ! all along with great service . this is a must try buffet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are quite a few meals here during our stay . it 's really expensive but we had meal credits as part of our stay . the food was hit or miss . it was pretty good for the most part and plenty of options . snow crab legs , ribs , mexican , chinese , sushi . you can add unlimited drinks for 16.99 which is nice if you like the drinks on the list . i did it one morning and got 2 bloody mary 's and a memosa . they were pretty weak so unless you really want a lot of drinks with your meal it 's probably not worth it . i would n't have paid the price to eat here if it was n't for the meal credits which is really the only reason i deducted a star . i 'm sure most guests have meal credits if they are dining there and it 's super convenient to the shows and casino .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is for the grand buffet 's breakfast brunch menu . i have been to the grand buffet plenty of times in the past , but usually only for dinner . this time around , we tried them out for brunch , and was surprisingly disappointed ! though the price was right ( $ 14.99 person ) , the food was not . the eggs seemed dry and old and the meat selections ( bacon sausage ) just did n't seem up to par -- how can you go wrong with bacon ! ? there were other options that i did n't try ( omelet bar , taco bar , etc . ) but this review was for my experience ! i 'm not sure i 'd go back here for brunch , but i know next time , if i do go ... i 'll save my appetite for dinner !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there for the breakfast buffet ... it was alright . i was able to get a comp pass for playing at the poker tables for a couple hours - so i you really ca n't go wrong if its free . the only tasteful things that i remember eating were the prime rib , scrambled eggs , sausage , and fruit - only because everything else i thought was just okay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2.5 stars . it 's overpriced -- the most expensive buffet we had thus far -- and the food was n't good ! ! ! ! ! ! we went for breakfast , how can you mess that up ? but you can . they had lots of food , tons of variety , rows and rows of food that looked like they could be good , but when you put it on that plate and sit your butt down and grab your fork ... . i just ca n't give it three stars . they got the extra half for the service . go somewhere else for breakfast - $ 23 apiece ? ! ; ( vegas has gotten pricier , but they should step up their food options , though i suppose compared to their super expensive restaurants in the mgm , $ 23 is quite affordable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh . i expected more from mgm but it was free so . not much better than home town buffet . much like the other reviews .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 14 for breakfast buffet descent breakfast selection , not enough `` hot foods '' , they had some weird concoction like pancake casserole which did not look appetitizing at all . stay away from the blitz , it looked like a tray of someone 's barf from the night before . really basic variety of fruits like pineapple , grapes , and melons . average selection of cereal ( no cherrios ! ! ! boo ! ) . they had an omlete station which i did not try . stuffed french toast wasnt too bad . the breakfast buffet only took up about half the serving stations . i guess for $ 14 , thats all you 're gon na get ... ..that amount of food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok did n't check with yelp ! big mistake . pass on this buffet . everything was overlooked . only nice thing i can say is our server was a sweetheart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mgm grand buffet offers a variety of food for an okay price . it would honestly be better to come spend a tad bit more money at wynn buffet for more variety and better tasting food . this buffet usually has a very short wait time of about 10-15 minutes . the decor is n't much , just casual and is dark . the service is n't that great either , they just get the job done and do not usually make eye-contact or smile . the food here is alright , just mild and decent . there was nothing that i really remembered other than dessert . all i remembered having was a rich dark chocolate mousse that was quite good . other than that , the food was decent . there is not much variety compared to wynn buffet and the prices are extremely similar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a very average buffet . i suggest that you go to paris or bellagio , if you want a good buffet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a 65 dollar food credit that we were excited to use at our first vegas buffet . we used our credits at the dinner buffet and were pleasantly surprised . the dining room was classy and the food was well prepared . it is a typical buffet , but on an upscale level . some of the buffet items ( such as the pizza ) are refreshed regularly . my favorites were the tender and succulent prime rib , the deep dish pesto pizza with a crust similar to pizza hut , and the mouthwatering seafood tamales . delic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for the brunch saturday morning and the line was n't too bad at 11am . i noticed upon exiting that they have some self pay kiosk terminals that would be beneficial when lines long . they have an omelette station and i got two eggs over easy . i recommend this over the egg mix they use for omelets , or powdered eggs for scrambled . in the other breakfast area they had potatoes and portuguese sausage . i then found the salmon lox , capers , onion and made a killer croissant sandwich . no bagels ? finished up with some fresh fruit and greek yogurt . a lot of stuff looks good , but it was n't according to my friends . there are n't any high end items like prime rib , crab legs , or lamb . it 's a solid 2.5 stars or 3 , but watch what you eat and you can enjoy your meal and not feel like a slug the rest of the day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never been so underwhelmed at a dining experience . i would have much rather spent ten bucks for a smaller something in the food court . biscuits were like rocks . could n't cut through eggs benedict , but i tried and spilled coffee everywhere before giving up . minimal fruit options . fresh donut just tasted like grease and nothing else . almond pastry was flavorless . coffee was good , so there 's that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to me the good is good but they are over price then other buffets and they do n't carry a lot of sea food", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for $ 34 a person .. this was n't really worth it . what i got.. hot food- green beans ( dry ) fried fish ( super dry ) veggies ( dry ) pasta ( soggy and dry ) meat section- prime rib was ok apple sausage - average and flavorless sausage - skip it pizza - soggy asian sides- ok turkey- need to put some juice and life into it sushi- are you kidding me ? ? selection was pretty bad dessert- they need to blast the chiller by the cakes- it was close to room temp 1 star because the service and drinks were good.. but i could have eaten fine dine and might have a better experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "expensive as crap for no reason . in the entire buffett ( which was n't really a big selection ) only the steak was alright . fried fish was ok also . nothing was awesome tho . dessert ( if one would call it that ) was terrible . i 've had golden corral better than this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "on our way to lady gaga 3 25 11 we decided to try this buffet , and as you can see it did n't go well . pro : no line no wait at 6:30pm ( should have seen this as a sign ) con : dinner only for 2 adults was $ 80 + ( price did n't include wine or beer ) very limited food selection , very ! food was poorly prepared some items did n't tates right ( either bland or just straight up nasty ) did i mention over priced ? limited desert station served only soft serve ice cream , chocolate mouse , and creme brulee . this has to be the worst buffet i 've ever eaten at . i would n't eat here again even if the food was free .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the brunch buffet yesterday , but we arrived on the tail end of it . many stations were picked over and did n't have much to offer . we had a few things - the mashed potatoes were really good , and waited for the lunch buffet to begin . we were hoping for the seafood extravaganza the signs promised . when it finally arrived , it was frozen then fried shrimp that was mostly breading around tiny shrimp and cold crab legs that had been frozen and defrosted . i mean , i could squeeze the water out of them and drip it on my plate . pretty gross . the best part was the bottomless mimosas and the really nice bartender , steve . he made the visit suck a lot less . i would n't recommend this place at all . there are too many other buffets to waste your money here . it 's called the grand buffet , but there 's nothing grand about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used a 2 for 1 coupon from my vegas for dinner . its one of the better buffets in vegas to me . my husband didnt think so though . the variety was good . my kids loved the pizza and the chinese food . mostly the dessert bar . the food was seasoned well . my only complaint is no shrimp in the seafood section . cant have crab legs without the shrimp ! ! i would return again only if i used another my vegas reward", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buffet quality food , but in such a great variety , we stayed for almost 5 hours and kept eating , good dessert and sea food and all sort of stuff . totally worth the money", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 stars for food . went here for lunch . very small selection of sushi . i liked the curry fish and the blackened salmon ... .but nothing special really . food is ok but not with the price you pay . lunch was 22.99 . not worth it . the other star is for the service . we had lita as our server . she was awesome . she made sure our beverages were always refilled . she checked on us about 3-4 times in the 1 hour we spent there , if everything was ok and if we needed anything else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "surprisingly better than bellagio buffet . had a vast selection of different types of food to pick from unlike bellagio . the seafood was fresh , the roast rib-eye was delectable , and the dessert bar was to die for . i went here for breakfast with my group and another day for dinner . in both occasions we were impressed by the magnitude of dishes to pick from . there was numerous dishes for every palate in my group .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was fairly priced is have to say for all the buffets in vegas on fourth of july weekend . i ate more crabs then i ever had in my life and the steaks and lamb were great . you have to go to at least one buffet in vegas and this is a good one . especially if you are staying at the hotel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think i tried almost every buffet in vegas . first of all , i typically am not a fan of buffet . scooping up average bulk fare that 's been sitting in a bin forever is not my idea of good food . but since buffet are popular and easier choice when you 're with large groups , i find myself in them every once in a while . having been to other buffets , this one is at average at best . there was nothing great or delicious . i just can not see myself coming back unless they make some improvements on the dishes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stayed @ the mgm over the weekend with my wife and ate at the mgm buffet twice . i had it once for dinner ( $ 65 for two of us ) and then again for breakfast ( $ 38 for both of us ) . both times it stunk . dinner was especially bad . i even purchased a mamosa drink from the kiosk that said 'unlimited mamosa ' . . the waitress told me that she did n't want to go to the other side of the room to get it . i am not kidding . needless to say i did n't tip her for bringing me a water instead . most of the food was weird ( noodle & egg soups . . . weird stuff in the pastas . ) the ham roast beef & turkey station was edible but not great . the rest sucked . oh ' and the hand made omelets are good in the morning ( but that is it ) . overall i would give this place no stars if that was an option . go next door to ny ny for a better meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first , realize that you are in vegas and there a lot of buffets in town . second , realize that you are in vegas and theres lots of so-so food being prepared at the charge of lots and lots of dough . third , realize that you are in freaking vegas and that you should be on a full-on bender . you should eat up hardcore , because you 're going to wash it down with an ocean of booze and make some poor decisions before your next meal . it is assured . this is what you do in vegas . this is a big and bountiful buffet . it is also not belagio . it is much cheaper than belagio and is pretty damn good anyway . you 're at a buffet with everyone else . it 's the great equalizer of vegas . emo down and have something to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the most horrible buffet i 've ever had . i definitely would n't go if its not included in hotel reservation . and even so , i regret booking that package because i just wasted a valuable dinner on this crappy meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our party must of showed up at the right time ! no waiting in line to pay or to be seated ... yay ! they had a good selection of food the veggie lasagna rolls were deelish , the clam chowder is a must have ... ... really tasty ! the carrot cake was a bit dry for my taste but all in all the food was great the servers hostess were friendly and pleasant . i would come back here again~", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was $ 40 per person for a mediocre , saturday dinner buffet . we were glad we used a my vegas 2 for 1 deal and paid the right price for this buffet . some of the seafood was good , but for the most part , this was not a quality buffet at all . i am writing this over a week after the experience , so i am trying to remember what i did n't like . the barbecue chicken sauce was too sweet and uninteresting , the chicken was so old it had a chew to it like jerky . the kung pao chicken was greasy , lukewarm and had very little seasoning . the smoked salmon was mushy and did n't taste fresh . i did like the chocolate covered marshmallows at the dessert section . they only had two , and i ate them both .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was not that great ! my husband and i went for breakfast while on our trip and while the service we had was great , the food was not . the food quality was not fresh ( everything and i mean everything ! ) tasted frozen or old . it 's okay if you 're in a pinch , but i would n't make a point of going there on purpose", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just didnt have a great feeling after my meal here . nothing stood out as awful , but the food wasnt that great , our server was seriously slow , and i didnt feel the selection was that great for the price . once was enough for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "way too expensive ! ! ! for my husband and it was $ 86 ! ! the wait staff was very friendly but come on ! the price was just too much", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 14 breakfast buffet . $ 18 lunch buffet . no soup selection . mini mexican burritos bar with minimal selection some side chinese dishes . some oysters only . dessert - a better variety . italian tapas dishes - mediocre . there was waitress service but otherwise i do n't recommend coming here for buffet . selection is limited .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got a comped lunch buffet from the poker room . i had to wait a good 20 minutes and it was around 2pm . yuck ! i could n't find any hot food that looked good enough to eat . i did try some cheesebread that was ok . the desserts , and free soda is all that i had . there was creme brule , and some pudding dishes.. not bad , but not worth paying full pop for this . look before you go . keep in mind everything is lowest possible quality . mgm is cutting corners where ever . if you do n't care about food quality , there was a promo for $ 30 all you can eat , all day long . so you can go to breakfast , lunch and dinner , and chow down until you pass out . nice was to keep people on the property . you 'd have to eat breakfast or lunch and dinner to make it worthwhile . breakfast and lunch combined is about the same price as the deal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the 2.5 star average seems a little generous . we went on a saturday for late breakfast and the average age was about 22 . mostly all hungover or drunk . loud , rude , inconsiderate , covered in tattoos , piercings and sweat from their testosterone shots . there were a couple of employees with headsets walking the room and it was hard to tell if it was to let the front desk know about open tables , or if it was security . food was very mediocre at best . basic watery eggs , greasy bacon , stale looking muffins , soggy waffles . the desserts didnt even look close to anything you 'd want to waste the calories on . what you 'd probably find in a hometown buffet , circus circus or fremont street . it 's clear mgm resorts is only concerned with attracting the under 30 crowd now who do n't really know much if anything about manners or common decency . if mgm has decayed this much , i weep for their other properties . probably all the same swill just dropped off one at a time at different casinos each morning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for breakfast since we got in at about 8 am , kist like every where else the woman who rings you up is unpleasant as all hell . she swiped my card once and said the machine did n't read it i need to give her anotherm i had cash but since she was rude i made her try till it worked . we got past and the hostess who wasnt quite awake sat us is the most crowded area of the place when there was lots of open tables at that time . the wait staff was super nice and cery attentive to what we needed and wanted . the breakfast selection was not very extensive but what they had was all very good . including some morning randomness such as chicken taquitos and chimichangas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "visited the mgm buffet with 3 other girl friends one weekend and i have to say , this place had some delicious entrees to choose from . i came during brunch time for their champagne brunch ( free mimosas ) and other drinks included ( i ordered 2 sodas drinks ) . the price was pretty fair for most vegas buffets in my opinion ( about $ 29.00 per person ) for lunch time entry . i enjoyed the selection of breakfast items , and lunch items . on a side note i wish there were more foods around the world ( more italian , asian , or a greater selection of universal cultures ) instead of mainly american food . regardless , the servers were very good and i would come back to try out their dinner menus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tasted ok at the time , especially since we were using a free breakfast myvegas reward , but the subsequent food poisoning i got made this not worth the price of admission . ruined my short trip to vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "breakfast buffet ends at 11 , and we got there at about 11:05 , so i can only comment on lunch . quite varied , from some chinese food to pizza to lasanga to suishi to soup and salad and more . as usual , each dish was a bit of a hit or miss , the pizza was very good as was the leftover waffles from breakfast , but the fried chicken i ate with the waffles left a bit to be desired . i was pretty happy for my $ 17 or whatever . ( includes non-alcoholic drinks , which was pretty sweet )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to my share of vegas buffets . this one was very disappointing . even with a buffet credit , i would n't do this buffet again . the food was bland , cold , and lacked authenticity . you 'd be better off at dennys . however , if you take a chance on this buffet -- make sure you have the croissants french toast and if you want chocolate milk mix the 2 % with the chocolate . lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best buffet i 've ever been to . yet ! : ) i 'm surprised by the low rating , but maybe people missed out on the dinner buffet ? in an hour i consumed : two different types of crab legs shrimp sushi fresh fruit veal chicken 8 ways roast fish salads pasta spinach dumplings pizza plus all the fixings ... the only thing that was lacking was the dessert section . i was n't impressed with any of the offerings , though they were all very cutely displayed . then again , i was too full of crabs to really care . the best , by far , has to be the crab . oh , the crab ! i must have consumed my body weight in crab , the number of empty legs that were left on my plate ! someone get me a towel to wipe the drool off my keyboard ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here on our first night in vegas . we spent our money at better places . they have a wide selection of food . some of the food was good like the crab legs , steak and potatoes were pretty good . the rest of the food wasnt that great . i could have gone somewhere else great with the money i spent here . i wouldnt go back to this place again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ugh my friends and i were disappointed this time around : ( we had all been here together before and figured it was going to be the same the second time around , but it was n't . the wait was really short , but when we got in we could n't figure out why we had to wait at all as the dining room was near empty at about 6pm on a saturday . is n't that dinner time ? the ambiance was really weird and the air conditioning was stale and did not seem like it was turned up high enough . i sampled the spinach gnocchi , cheese polenta , cheese ravioli , curried sea bass as well as the vegetarian pizza , and a variety of deserts and must admit that the best part of the meal according to my taste buds was the desert and even that was mediocre . sorry , but if i spend $ 32.99 after tax i expect some outstanding food and this was not outstanding . sorry mgm grand buffet i will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible ! thank goodness our buffet was comped by the hotel . absolutely nothing spectacular . at the price , you 're much better off going to mandalay bay or the like . seriously nothing was amazing , food options extremely limited . will not waste our time or money here ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a fan of this buffet . everyone else has it right : the expensive price is n't reflected in the quality of the food or service . the seafood was not fresh , the crab legs tasted strange unless you drowned them in butter ( gross . ) the shrimp also tasted old . we wo n't be back . . . ever . . .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the absolute worst buffet that i have ever been to in life . starting from the food all the way down to the service . the food was awful . they cut the crab legs in half , the meat at the carving station was salty and just about every other item i tried was either too bland or had a bad taste . i wish i would have gotten the waiter 's name because his service sucked . after being seated he neglected our table for about 15 minutes so we finally flagged someone down to help us then they pointed that the guy who was neglecting our table was our waiter . he came over to our table and acted as if he did n't want to even want to be bothered with us . i seen other reviews and i ignored them because i tend to find the good in any situation but i 'm serious when i say i would absolutely never eat here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i know not to expect top quality from any las vegas buffet , and this one is no exception . however for $ 30 for the breakfast brunch buffet , i honestly can not recommend it unless you feel compelled to gorge yourself . we only went because my wife wanted to try the `` vegas buffet experience '' despite my warnings . the food itself is of average quality , i think one of the better items is the fried chicken . the mini waffles were all overcooked and even though supposedly on a hotplate , cold . scrambled eggs and homefries were decent , but the sausage and bacon was less than impressive . what really disappointed though was that our `` server '' was awful , my wife waited at least 10 minutes to get her empty soda refilled and he never took away our dirty plates . needless to say he did n't get a tip . if only we could remember his name i would tell the people in charge to give him a talking to , all i can say is he was hispanic , in his 40s or 50s and wore glasses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have n't been to that many buffets in vegas and we only went to this one because we were staying at the hotel . it was n't awful but it was n't great either . we went there for lunch and it was around $ 20 , plus tax so total around $ 22 $ 23 . i do n't remember the exact prices . overall this place is probably better than most buffets in our hometown . they always have fresh food because they have a steady flow of people coming in and out . there 's also a wide selection of food . do n't come here expecting the best buffet ever , but if you are hungry and want a wide selection of food or cant decide on where to eat , this is not a bad place . the prices are n't cheap but i do n't think it is expensive either considering you are in vegas and probably on vacation . its cheap compared to going to a non-buffet place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was about $ 28 per person , but that only included the buffet & non-alcoholic drinks . this buffet was mediocre . nothing was outstanding , nothing was horrible . it was just mehhhh", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good service and decent food selections . the wait was very quick for dinner . 5 minutes and got seats . the lighting and environment is very comfortable to stay and eat in . our waiter was very responsive and always within reach . got all our soft drinks by the time we returned from grabbing food . we went for dinner and it was ok in selections . my favorite were crab-legs , roast beef cuts , avocado , and fish . desserts were delightful and satisfied my sweet tooth ( 3 times ) . recommended is the vanilla ice cream ( non-soft serve ) . very creamy and soothing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bland food at exorbitant prices . i 'm used to high prices ( i live in san francisco ) , but the terrible quality and preparation of the food made what they 're charging just criminal . you could go to a coffee shop and get a better meal for a fraction of the price . the soup was flavorless , and the was pasta cooked to a mush . the salad was limp . the roast beef was cold and greasy , and the shrimp felt slimy and smelled funky . we ate here on a saturday night , but for some reason several of the food stations were closed and they were running short staffed . it took forever to get a soda - which was n't included in the price . at the salad station the only plates available were steaming hot from the dishwasher . it felt like no one in management cared about the guest 's experience . seriously , you can do better than this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "breakfast - $ 25 person plus $ 8 for bottomless mimosas . i got my money worth there . basic buffet stuff here fr both breakfast and lunch . oimelet station , taco station , normal breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , breads , potatoes ) and a nice dessert station . lunch - $ 20 person . same stuff as the breakfast bar without the breakfast food obviously . dessert station was a bit larger . service was very nice ... which is always a plus . overall ... both were a bit pricey for what you go , but hey ... it 's vegas . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hubs and i stayed at the new york new york hotel and received 2 complimentary buffets for breakfast or lunch with our stay . i 'm not huge on buffets in general but i 'm all for free in a city like las vegas where a simple meal can be rather expensive . honestly , my expectations were n't that high because of the look of the place as compare to other buffets i 've visited in las vegas and it was free . hotels in las vegas do n't give away the highest quality for free , i 'm just saying . that being said , we went for lunch . it was just ok as expected . some items were better than others but overall , the food was very cafeteria-ish , not gourmet . the staff were excellent , i must say . very attentive and pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give this place zero star if i could . ( typical raging yelper quote ) i am not mad , because i got two buffet for free . i am just mad that i had to spend my dinner eating garbage they serve here when i could 've had eaten else where , and be satisfied . okay , back to realism . there are quiet bit of selection of food to choose from , and they could look deceivingly good . but the taste is where my rage-review comes from . imagine the most horrifying cafeteria food , or your nearby worst buffet food , combine them and you have mgm grand buffet . their rooms are nice , but this buffet needs to move out to elsewhere . jesus , how do they maintain this buffet place ? dinner $ 29.99 - lol , i wo n't even pay $ 4.99 to eat that crap again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow i 'm the least picky person in the world aparently ... i went for the breakfest and lunch buffet . sure , this aint morton 's steak house but it gets the job done for the money ... food is pretty ok quality and great selection . great desserts too . i do n't get why everyone is complaining ... tip : get a table by 10:40 because you pay for the breakfast buffet price ( 8 dollars cheaper than lunch ) , and the still have the breakfast items while they start bringing out the lunch stuff , so its like brunch ! ... eat here if you are not a picky little punk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was recently in vegas for a business conference . my and my work associate had an early meeting and figured why walk outside the hotel . what a mistake that was ! i really do not expect to be disappointed at breakfast , i mean hell , if mcdonalds can get it right for billions of folk , why ca n't this place ? everything seemed like it was left on the burners overnight . dry tasteless , disgusting eggs , bacon , cheese blintzes , some gross beef crap , the list is endless , whatever they had out just sucked . the other restaurants in the mgm where great , so i was really shocked that this place was so horrible . they need to get a new executive chef to just tweak the preparation a bit and at least get this to the 3.0 to 3.5 range .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this buffet probably 50 times over the past 10 years and i can honestly say it has steadily declined over time . the buffet price is among the higher priced buffets in vegas but the food is simply average , nothing more , nothing less . the variety is lacking and some of the food just is n't good . the servers are good here they keep your glasses filled and are quick to remove your plates . i also do have to say that i love the coffee at mgm i 'm not sure what brand it is or who makes it but it 's always super smooth . if you are staying at the mgm and want a buffet this is the easiest thing for you . if you want a buffet , there are so many in las vegas i recommend skipping this one and trying one of the many others out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet is more in line with a golden corral hometown buffet than some of the higher-end buffets you 'll find on the strip . we came for brunch . it has all of the staples : salad bar , carving station , dessert bar , pizza , pasta , corn , mashed potatoes , roasted potatoes , green beans , fish dishes , sushi and a few asian dishes , and bread . nothing very imaginative , but you can certainly leave very full . price is n't great , but better than others , and the line was n't long . if you 're just looking to fill up on a decent meal for a relatively low price , go for it . foodies should head elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i should have yelped before entering this buffet ! ! ! ! ! the ratings are spot on . got hungry and decided the buffet at the mgm should be good . i was not expecting anything great , but should be good at least . for $ 21 ( lunch ) you would think so . it has been over 10 years since i have been to vegas and i honestly think the excalibur from back then had more food choices than mgm . carving station was minimal . salad was non-existent compared to most other buffets . the buffet stations seemed plentiful until you walk up to it . basically , they spread out the food giving you the illusion of lots of choices base on the length of the buffet bar . their coke machine had more choices than this buffet . on the plus side , the staff seemed genuinely friendly and helpful . the food they did have was above average but not enough to rate more stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for $ 64 for two of us , i expected a better selection and better food . my wife and i went for dinner and we both were very disappointed . from the half empty steam pans to the soggy spring rolls to the uninvolved people behind the counter , it reminded us of the `` before '' scenes in an episode of restaurant impossible . there was nothing unique or special that made us feel it was remotely worth the price of admission . we will avoid this place in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over our experience here was good . i especially loved the fact that the crab legs came sliced in half and the shrimp were peeled - makes it so much easier ! good variety of food as well . staff was very friendly . my only complaint is that you have to get your own beverages , both alcoholic and non alcoholic . at about $ 35 person i think it 's fair to expect that a server will bring you a drink . makes it hard to justify more than a few bucks for a tip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as strip buffets go this one is extremely overpriced and very underwhelming . some of the food for dinner is decent , but it does n't even rise to the quality of some of the lower end station casino properties and offers a surprisingly small selection with part of the serving area permanently closed . desserts here are ok , a slight notch above the rest of the meal . edible , but simply not worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my family and i did n't like the food not even the pizza for my 5 year old ! it 's way too much money and for it not to even taste good ! go somewhere else ! the desert was n't all that good either !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a great breakfast..we were here juz this weekend during the all star nba ... didnt get to see it live though ... tickets were all sold out . anyway , i had a blast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shhh . the key is to go here around 3:30pm just before dinner . you will get charged for lunch which is a couple of dollars cheaper . just stay until dinner starts and let the fun begin ! lol . the choices were pretty good . lots of traditional american dishes , pastries and salads . the desserts were amazing as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "originally wanted to try this place out since i was staying at the mgm grand anyways , so decided to come right downstairs ! wait time : i advise you to go a little earlier around 5or 6 for dinner because you have to wait in a long line when arrived at 7 and after . price : $ 32 per person for dinner ( i personally thought it was n't that worth it because of the selections but for the quality it was `` okay '' service : 7 10 food : they have a variety of italian , american , mexican , and asian food ! i 'm not a big fan of mac and cheese , but it was pretty delicious ! ambiance : 7 10 ( casual ) overall , not the best buffet in vegas but if you want something decent tasting for that price , then check it out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do you know how much liquor 100 bucks buys in vegas ? ok , not much , but it would have definitely been better spent at a bar then at this buffet . $ 30 for the brunch plus another $ 8 for the dranks . tax , tip , almost 50 bucks per person for this buffet , and being married multiplies that to 100 bucks . i was stuck because we were with a group so i decided to just enjoy myself . fat chance . food was bland and gross . not a single bite made me omg . i hate to waste food but took one bite and passed on several things . `` indian '' food ? i think not , and i was kicking myself for not knowing better . i know buffets are known for quantity and not quality , but for 50 bucks it could have at least been edible . and my mimosas did n't even come for a solid 20 mn ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was great , people complain to much , beast steak i 've had in a long while and i 'm not a steak lover , i would have given it 5 stars but no desert buffet with soft-served ice cream should be void of hot chocolate syrup . but the crab legs were nice : - ) the only reason people probably complain a lot is bc it 's 40 $ , but it 's vegas , what do you expect ? you 're not going to get 5 star food at a buffet , it 's buffet food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst food we 've ever had . terrible selection , and could n't eat 90 % of the items because they were not prepared well , cold , or just awful tasting . this buffet should be around $ 5 , and that might be worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bf and i stopped in for brunch . no line , paid the cashier and was in awe at the rows and rows of food . we got there a bit before they changed over for lunch . we paid the breakfast price and got lunch . nice ! the quality was not the best , but a huge selection of everything imaginable . so much food its a sin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had two dinner comps so we decided to eat here for sunday dinner . my husband and i were covered but i had to pay $ 44.99 for my 13 year old and 22.99 for my 11 year old ! we did not like the food very much . the desserts were a joke . they had like 6 to choose from and did n't taste good at all . i can not believe that anyone would eat here unless it was for free . i feel bad for people that pay full price !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tasted like old country buffet . all the steak was horrible . chicken was dry and looked like it was sitting out for a while . not worth the time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had christmas dinner at the mgm buffet . wanted to go to bellagio but the wait was more than 2 hours -- same at wicked spoon . there was no wait at mgm which should have been a hint that the yelp reviews i had read were accurate . but we were determined to go to a buffet to please all the various desires of our group and we had run out of time to find a place that did not require a long wait . food was what you would find in a cafeteria and the setting reminded me of eating in a hospital cafe . certainly not worth the $ 40 per person . asked for a wine list and was given a little piece of paper with a few wines listed but told the prices were not correct -- we were told the prices were higher than what was listed but wait person did not know the prices . other than not knowing prices for wine , our wait person was very helpful . i should have paid attention to the yelp reviews -- i will from now on ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would skip this one folks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only reason i 'm giving this two stars is because the waitress and staff were nice . otherwise , this buffet was terrible . save your money . my boyfriend and i went for lunch on monday while staying at mgm . the food was awful . there was n't a seafood station like advertised . there was n't a dim sum station as advertised . the food was dry and unsatisfying . i wish we would 've just gotten starbucks breakfast instead of this . awful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "... since las vegas is full of buffets , let me get to the point right away ... dont go here ! ! we were here for a friends wedding so we really didnt have a choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of the three buffets i went to and i would place it at 3rd place . the orange champagne things got me a good buzz for the late morning . the food here was average and ordinary . i would only go here if you were comped a free buffet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very average and i ca n't imagine anyone not staying at this hotel eating here . but who knows , there always are exceptions to any rule . damn , come to think of it i may have been an exception to the rule back in the day ... . i never stayed here but i sure as hell did eat here but once just once ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "crab legs are fantastic ! overall the food is good most of the dishes are well made ! ! definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dinner on a tuesday was $ 30 plus $ 14.99 for unlimited cocktails ( champagne , ,mimosas , beers , wines and margaritas and daiquiris ) yes the decor is out dated but the food was good . not great but good and all i really wanted was crab legs anyway and i got plenty ! i was so stuffed when i left i could barely make it back to my room ! my friend enjoyed the prime rib and roasted pork belly . our server was great ! kept our glasses full and removed dirty plates quickly . i enjoyed the buffet . delicious crab legs , first time in vegas and my only buffet experience while i was there . i left full and happy a little too full ... just need to skip the yummy desserts next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "luckily we used a bogo from myvegas for breakfast and dinner . they were fine , but nothing amazing . much more sea food then we expected which would be great if we enjoyed sea food much more !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall , pretty mediocre . i enjoyed the breakfast and it 's a cheap alternative and a great way to fill up for a long day of sight-seeing ( or gambling ! ) however , the lunch and dinner left me wanting more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "o man , where do i start ? i would give this a 4.5 stars . we came here on thanksgiving day with my family . we were the only group of 6 and we got in right away . other people were waiting in line for 30 to 40 minutes . suckers ! ! they have a the biggest selection and choices i 've ever seen in my life . they had a huge seafood selection which i like then they turkey for thankgiving . they had roast beef , ribs , sushi and chinese food . the prices are pricey it was like $ 25 bucks for dinner but it was worth it because the food was very delicious . this was probably the best buffett i 've ever had.the only letdown is the bathroom is outside the buffett .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the buffet was great.. alot of variety of good food . i had to take a nap after . from american to chinese to mediterranean offers . if you stay in the hotel you get two complimentary vouchers for the buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought it was good for the price . above average . lots of vegetarian and gluten free options . service was very good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why did i come here for buffets so many times ? i think everything here is average . not worth the price ( not that it 's really expensive but you can seriously get the same food at the buffet in sahara for 1 2 that price . i think i am done with mgm buffets for now . i always have high expectation because of their name but always leave disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast because we had free buffet vouchers . the food was not that great . i definitely would not pay full price to eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of buffets , but i went here for breakfast . it was okay , not a big selection . the omelette station was my favorite . it was n't the best buffet but i left satisfied . there was an bottomless cocktail menu which made breakfast more enjoyable , i paid the additional 15 bucks ... i would recommend this to people staying at the hotel looking for something quick and close .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meat was really dry , italian was really runny , fried chicken was way over cooked , potatoes were bland , asian noodles were undercooked ... i was very disappointed that i paid 30+ dollars for food that was not even mediocre..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for $ 60 you ca n't go wrong . you know you will find something for yourself even if your picky . plus the free alcohol is great . not sure what i think about 7 am jell-o shots ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed . there were a few signature items that are rare at an every day buffet ( crab legs ) but the quality of the food was not the greatest . on sunday went to the wynn for the sunday brunch and was blown out of the water . the price was about 40 % more but worth 1000 % .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tasty and variety , but pricey for brunch . come back when it 's cheaper- maybe for lunch ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for the price i paid . i want a better food . the good is about average . nothing good about this place . crab legs are ok. fishes are salty.chicken is no taste . pizza is suck . soup is awful.sushi not fresh . sashimi is not fresh and good . i have had better buffet with cheaper price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not very good at all . i stayed at the hotel and that was a great experience . i was really looking forward to the buffet , i knew it was n't going to be 4 star dining but i expected more out of this place , it did n't have the greatest selection and the food had no flavor . i would never go back . please take my word for it , do n't try the sushi ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was just ok here . went to the dinner buffet which was very pricy for the limited choices . they had a few of the usual chinese dishes , some pasta and american dishes . a limited dessert table with mini desserts . i do mean mini portions . i probably would have been better going to the all u can eat chinese at the marketplace up the strip . the staff clearing the table i must say was friendly but did n't make up for the food hence 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet is quite nice , however , not worth the price . unless you always eat way too much food at one meal , this place is a rip-off and you can do far better . if the price were a few bucks cheaper , it may be worth it . but at the prices they charge -- you 'd do better elsewhere , for sure . if you do wind up going there , make sure you have plenty of time to pace yourself . i made the mistake of going to this and meeting a bunch of people who were practically done when i got there . this is n't mgm 's fault ; just mentioning it because you should have ample time when you set about eating at this place . it really is massive , so if you 're gon na spend the moola , you might as well take the time to truly enjoy it . do n't go with someone who is always in a hurry or who likes to wolf down their food !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was so angry from the moment the cashier took my debit card . for more than $ 70 for two people , this had better be the best buffet in las vegas . it 's not . there is a wide variety of mediocre food . i will eat almost anything without complaining , but this food was terrible . a lot of it even looked unappetizing , but out of all the things i tried , i was n't that impressed . only the chocolate pecan dessert at the end was enjoyable , but not for $ 70 . overall , they have a couple of good things , but it 's just not worth it . if you want to pay a lot of money , there are plenty of other restaurants in the mgm grand and las vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was good . mimosas were tasty . the price is tad high , but that 's what you get when you eat at the mgm grand hotel . we went for breakfast and there was n't much of a selection . the one thing that was nice was the chef making eggs to order . he was excellent . if you 're going to grab a dessert , try the mango passion yogurt mousse . the only thing worth tasting . the other desserts sucked .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously over priced at $ 42 per person on the weekend . decor was low budget , food was mediocre . do n't eat here . there are so many better options in las vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was absolutely horrible . we are self professed foodies ( hubby is ex-professional cook ) who were tired from our flight the night before and made the horrible decision to eat at the mgm grand buffet . i wonder if they assume people do not notice ? anyone in the food industry would be appalled . where is gordon ramsey & kitchen nightmares ? i think this place could make the cut for the show .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with a group but seated separately to avoid the high gratuity % . pretty decently price per person and they had a great variety of food and desserts . a bit of a long wait , but what do you expect ? i think we chose this place over the wynn because that was a bit more expensive . we 're crazy . but this place , definitely better than rio", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in for brunch this morning and it was the worst waste of $ 70 i have made in a long time . the food was not like i remember a few years ago when we last visited . in fact , the couple in the booth next to us must have agreed , as they requested their money back ! epic fail ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad , but relatively inexpensive . `` grand '' buffet is pretty limited and uninteresting . service always gets noticeably better if you tell them you 'll tip after the meal , rather than paying the slip up front .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh my goodness . at $ 18 per person this was a magnificent place to enjoy for lunch . i am always wary of buffets . i do n't eat meat and i am never sure i 'm going to be able to get my money 's worth . i am going to make a point to eat here every time i visit las vegas . the mushroom ravioli especially was , hands down , the very best ravioli i 'd ever eaten , and i 've eaten $ 50 a plate ravioli from an upscale restaurant . the grand buffet blew that out of the water . the desserts were amazing . raspberry tiramisu , key lime pie , creme brulee , all in adorable single size servings . next time i go i 'm not going to eat for a week beforehand . also , $ 20 for a bucket of ice cold beer was pretty reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a good experience . buffets are never really that great . however , the food here was very good and my girlfriend and i got in free with our stay at the mgm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food . i got my money 's worth from the crab legs alone . they are perfectly cooked , sweet and tender , and they will give you as many as you want . the guy even tried to push an extra leg on me when i went back for seconds . the salad bar should have had more varieties of lettuce and veggies . i have no complaints about anything else i ate at the buffet , except for the sushi which was mushy , and did n't taste right . the rice was not flavored at all , and it had the wrong consistency . they need a new recipe . the ravioli was excellent . my daughter loved the tacos . i liked the fruit tart and chocolate mousse desserts . but the main thing is the amazing crab .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hardly worth $ 35 ( $ 100 for two , with drinks ) for dinner . decent , though uninspired . about as big as your local chinese buffet . inexplicable 20 minute wait to be seated when half the tables were empty for this friday night dinner . learned my lesson and wo n't return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is n't that great of a buffet for vegas . they are expensive $ 26 for lunch and they do n't even have that big of a variety of food . so i would suggest to probably go somewhere else . its vegas , and every experience should be amazing !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ... .the ratings are pretty low here . okay , i gave 4 stars because the food was good ! and they refilled our orange sodas every time ! never an empty cup : d i think we enjoyed it so much was because i won all my friends dinner from playing roulette at the tropicana lol there was tons of selection and food i actually enjoy eating ( and i love to eat ) . i 've been to a lot of buffets in vegas , and this is one of my favorites !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked this one the best out of all the buffets we went to ( bellagio , aria , mgm , luxor , mirage , excalibur ) . they had a ton of variety , good pasta , good indian food , more sides . only thing i was n't impressed with was their prime rib .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i had a late lunch here on christmas day . there was a good variety of foods for the christmas day menu , but flavor was average . our waitress never came to check on us and when we needed a refill on drinks , we had to track her down . because our waitress never checked on us , our used plates were piling up . a couple of other waitresses were clearing off a table nearby , so we brought our used plates to them and asked if we could hand the plates over to them . their response , `` yah , i guess . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably one of the last things in the mgm that needs renovation . the price is pretty low compared to other buffets , but you 're probably better off spending more and seeing better quality at the higher end buffets like the bellagio or the bacchanal buffet at caesar 's . the lighting and decor is a bit dismal , which contributes to a rather old feeling atmosphere . the food is fine ... nothing wrong with it , but the selection is n't exactly wow either . i do n't have a problem with the food since the price is lower , but the overall look of the place just does n't fly in this day and age .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "buffet was amazing ! we only came for here for dinner and it was great for the price of $ 29.99 for an adult . you got all you can eat crab and prime rib every night . kids 4 and under eat free . everyone was very nice and courteous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this buffet was delicious i was very surprised they serve hot or cold crab legs yummy everything was delicious .. the dinner price around 30.00 ! ! totally worth every cent .. desserts were also great .. i will definitely be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't in love with this place , but i did n't hate it . it was an above average vegas buffet . i 'd definitely go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to the mgm grand buffet last week in vegas . some folks i knew said it was great -- but it was nothing special . i have had better food at other buffets for sure . yes -- it does have a good variety - sushi to hot meats and breakfast items , but things like the fried chicken did not look great and the desserts offered lacked variety ( imho ) , and were nothing special . we went on the sunday , so i thought it would be really great , but not so . for 24.99 a head , believe me -- you can do sooooo much better elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really fucking good enchiladas . the bottomless mimosas are making me feel weird . we have a cool server who speaks spanish and likes tequila . cheers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoy this buffet and try to make it every trip to vegas . we use mlife points towards it and enjoy the all you can drink mimosas and small desserts", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for brunch on saturday with 2 free passes , so we did n't have to pay . i 've never been to a buffet in vegas so i have nothing to compare it to and frankly had low expectations given the reviews here . i was very pleasantly surprised and i did n't have anything that i did n't really enjoy . i had a custom omelette , carved trip-tip , veggies , baked salmon , and more . nothing was out of the ordinary incredible or unique , but i thoroughly enjoyed the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "price was ok ( 24.99 for brunch ) . sushi was meh , potatoes were great . but , no eggs benedict ! on a brunch buffet ! for shame , mgm grand . for shame .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one star for the buffet facility being clean and for employing enough staff to remove tableware and serve drinks , and a second for salad and desserts . the food does not deserve any stars from our foodie family who love flavorful dishes with fresh ingredients ! . seafood , steak , and chicken lacked taste .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for lunch . lunch is 20 dollars . i was at the mgm the week they opened . back then they were king and the buffet was great . the buffet is terrible now . i think its cost cutting . the stuff that was said to be roast beef was inedible . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate there last night with a friend as we was attending a concert at the arena , the restaurants seemed pricey and we wanted some options . so we hoofed it all the way to the opposite end and was shocked that it was $ 39.99 per person . by that point , we were kind of stuck so we paid it . but the food was very good with lots of choices . the carving station had 3 different types of beef which is unusual , along with turkey and kielbasa . the carver did n't seem to understand english well , those of us getting meat had to point to what we wanted . there were self-serve beverage stations on each end of the room , along with a small bar . i had a glass of wine , which was okay and only cost $ 6.00 . overall , it was a decent buffet , just overpriced but then , many of them are now . the strip in general hikes the prices up for the tourists , forgetting that many locals would go there more if it was reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the dessert table here ! it had a large array of options , everything from cheesecake to frozen yogurt to brownies , and most in bite sized pieces . not all the main dishes looked very appetizing to me , so i didnt eat as much as i could , considering the price point . the desserts were worth it , though ! it doesnt compare to other buffets in vegas ( i.e caesars or bellagio ) and i 'll gladly pay 11 more dollars on top of the mgm 's buffet to get higher quality food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "breakfast was phenomenal ! our waiter was awesome too . i got a skillet.. so good ! ! boyfriend got pancakes and they were huge , did n't have a mimosa but they looked awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ate there this past thursday while in vegas to watch the ncaa tourney . i 've eaten here a couple of times over the years and either they 've gone downhill or i remember it being a lot cheaper and a lot better . i tried a bunch of different things and even though it was buffet i didnt think it was that fresh . the mahi mahi was rubbery and fishy , the pasta was left out too long and started to dry up , and the desert selection seemed to be quite limited . the bellagio or ti buffet is much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i must say.. this was a much better buffet from the previous ones we have been encountering her in las vegas ! they have crab , which was a plus for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was initially surprised by how many appetizing buffet items this restaurant had . upon getting my first three plates of food , my impression is that the food looks subjectively better than it tastes . many of the menu items were on the colder side and had a stale texture upon eating them . some entrees such as the stir-fried vegetables had a lack of flavor in them . for the price charged and the content offered , i came up with two stars . the service on the other hand was excellent . our server delivered refills on our beverages in a timely manner and picked up our used buffet plates so we had more room on the table . the restaurant is also clean though on the point where it counts ( the food of course ) , the meal was below average . if you prefer mgm hotels , i 'd recommend bayside buffet at mandalay bay and the buffet at the aria . the experiences there are n't always consistent but felt more satisfied at the end of the meal than i did with mgm 's buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well , the economy must be doing somewhat better because they are no longer offering the $ 40 all-day buffet pass . instead , you 'll end up paying the $ 20 person for lunch that my group did . this buffet has gone downhill from what it used to be . if you , too , are looking for the lavish selection that `` las vegas buffets '' brings to my mind , go to another hotel 's buffet . the best item was the fried shrimp . prime rib was okay . and desserts , although they had a pretty good selection , tasted cheap . most of the bite-size portions were 90 % whipped cream and 10 % cake . not worth my $ 20 ... it 's okay though , i 'll just go win back my lunch monies on the roulette table .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i could see why there are so many bad reviews about the grand buffett . to be quite frank , i think it was n't so bad . granted i got 3 free meals a day at the buffett as part of a stay package , i think the food was pretty good . however , it paled in comparison to the wynn buffett . i think they had the same stuff for two days in a row , which made me a little annoyed . i was hoping that they 'd at least rotate dishes throughout the week or something ... i noticed the prices werent as high as the wynn , but they it seemed overpriced for what it actually was . i enjoyed the food ; however , i can not see myself giving more than 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "garbage . dried out old food . you need to get your own beverages . the food is bland and nasty . no variety and extremely over priced for garbage . any other hotel is better . if you want to be ripped off go stand in line for this crap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gross . that pretty much sums it up . i went there once about 4 years ago for lunch and it way pretty good . so i was disappointed when i went last week for dinner before a concert . the food was bland and has an unsanitary feel to the whole experience . i felt like i would have done way better at a regular restaurant for the money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only highlight was that there was no long line to get in . one of the cheapest buffets at $ 22 pp on the strip . the food selection varies from dried and overcooked to tasteless . would definitely not recommend unless you in the hotel , starving and on a budget .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow . you would think that this place would have a warning sign saying `` everything here is great ... .except the buffet '' . this place was remniscent of an old-folks home in the midwest . bland , boring , really not good food . i felt like i was on an all-you-can-eat crap-fest . trying to choose the least bad thing there . looking back , i should have asked for my money back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of 3 buffets this week , this is the cleanest and freshest . lunch was worth it . food was fresh and hot . sushi was limited selection , but very fresh and very good first tim to vegas . ate at paris buffet , caesars buffet and mgm mgm was the front runner ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh the sweet glorious splendor that is the mgm grand buffet ! yes , it is pricey . but so is the rest of las vegas in general . gone are the days of cheap food and free-flowing booze , but i digress . what you do get for the price is a variety of quality food and comfortable surroundings . the desserts are superb and they have a wide array of beverage options . after filling up at the buffet i like to head to the sports book , which is just off the main entrance . it 's a good place to relax and bet on the ponies . i will have to say that the mgm grand as a whole has fallen off over the years . it used to be my go to place , but now they nickel and dime you pretty hard . $ 10 for parking is pretty outrageous , especially after spending well over $ 100 just at the buffet ( no validation offered , i checked ) . but , this review is just for the buffet alone , hence the five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 40 buffet for one adult ( inclusive of tip ) there are self pay stations . there was a lot of variety . i was hoping that the desert station was have lots of variety , too . the desert selection was not up to vegas standards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the mgm but have n't had their buffet so i decided to give it a shot before i saw zumanity . decent selection and great hospitality , does n't make up for $ 35 dollars . i feel even though the buffet has a decent selection it is not on the big scales or caesar 's and cosmo 's buffets . a little over priced for something simple does n't make a buffet great . i had probably the best crab legs i ever had there but that was it . dp", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so disappointed i have been going there for years it is time to close the buffet and start over as soon as possible you lost my business and every one i know really people maybe the staff should try eating it hmm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall i was very pleased although i only drank the mimosa 's , idk what else they had ... . @ $ 26 for lunch buffet at a place like mgm , i would expect a rate and quality to be about this . food quality was above average and choices were great ! unlimited mimosa 's was awesome and our server was hilarious ! ! atmosphere was pleasant and idk what else to say , its an above average buffet with quality food . ony thing to make it better would be to have a grill set up for grilled items over all , i 'd def . come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was delicious a lot to choose from . would have gotten higher star except for the fact that we went sunday for the champagne brunch and asked for mimosas and they were warm . they did not have the champagne or oj on ice . it was per-made in pitcher just sitting out on a counter . yuck ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was done with my breakfast before they brought my coffee and orange juice . the service at the buffet does n't match up to the rest of the mgm grand , which overall , is a great place to stay while in vegas . real disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this buffet is really really good , and the pumpkin chocolate gelato tastes like all the awesomeness of the fall season in one ice cream flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "way over priced . food was okay but definitely not one of the best buffets in town . highly recommending passing on this one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i did not think this buffet was anything special , in fact , i thought it was borderline gross . the mgm itself , except for the pool , is kind of ghetto and i 'd rather point you in the direction of the bellagio or the wynn buffets - they are all comparatively the same price , so why not ? my waitress was nice , and the lady who took my cash was a doll , plus i did n't get explosive diarrhea after eatiing here , so it was n't a total loss .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pricey and not worth it . i guess i 'm spoiled by the wynn buffet setup is a mess and i had to ask for replenishments cuz they were out of croutons and nacho cheese . this place is cluttered and the buffet areas are tight . the staff is hit or miss . will probably never return . the only highlight was buy one get one free for staying at mgm .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is good here , prime rib was awesome . $ 23 for dinner is an average deal for a buffet . i say if you 're going to eat at a buffet , especially in vegas , you could do better on price if not on food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all you can eat price : dinner ~20ish setting : quite big , not a long wait and seating was fast ! for the price you pay i say why not ? the quality of the food is not up to par as the wynn , however , i felt that there was more of a selection of food that i personally would eat , but like i said the quality was ok . the pastas were very good and the meat was not bad . the dessert on the other had was amazing ! ! ! and for sure better than the wynn . they have 3-4 types of creme brulee ! ! which is my favorite and 2-3 types of cheesecakes ! ! soo good ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gross . the worst sushi i 've ever had in my life . i could barely finish one plate of food . the only reason we went here was because we couldnt get into any kind other restaurant . the kids spread looked pretty decent though . everything was stale and drenched in oil . i wished i listened to my friends advice to only go to mirage or wynn 's buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing food , just not the ambiance if you do n't like the smells of cigarettes in the air ; all in all deliciously good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "review is for the breakfast buffet . found it pretty good quality wise and service was great as well . not sure if it 's worth the money if you pay cash for it ( mine was mlife comped ) but you get a good fill and decent quality . wide variety and clean . that 's more than many other buffets in this city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over priced based on the quality . food items are not tasty , some are over cooked such as the prime rib , sushi items are just horrible . for $ 29.99 per person , they 're much better buffets in vegas ! i do n't recommend mgm 's buffet !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "brunch : endless champagne was fun but overall selection of food and price does not match other buffets in the city . small pancakes and waffles were something different tho . still would not go again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "alright . put on your strechy pants before you come to eat , you will need them ! this breakfast brunch buffet has somthing for everyone . grab a mamosa that is included with your meal . go to the pancake waffle bar with an aray of fruit syrups . they have a prime rib , eggs benadict ( spelt wrong sorry ) whole fruit , lobster mac , cheese blintz , crosant french toast , cheese grits and everything in between . it does not disappoint ! you know you want to ... ..just do it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time eating here , as i 'm staying at the hotel and choose it as part of my package when booking ... i gave three stars because the staff is extremely friendly . erma was short of amazing when she was explaining everything and she kept checking in on us to ensure that we was ok . i tried a little bit of everything , i really wish that they had more variety of food . i tried the mac and cheese and it was beyond bland , the shrimp cocktail was decent . love the fact that the crab legs was already cut . i loved the garlic bread and i like the pizza , the chip and guacamole was pretty good , the meatball tasted like frozen meatballs . i love the salad bar as it gave you a bunch of different toppings ... . the dessert bar was okay it 's just that everything tasted stale .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "given the high level of expectations one usually has with the mgm brand , the buffet is woefully lacking . i kept trying different foods hoping to get some redemption , but nothing . the turkey tasted a little rubbery , the chicken was burnt and even the desserts were not very good , the overall selection , as the quality , has been reduced it appears since i was here last . to add insult to injury , i had to wait 30 minutes ( and that 's in the m life line ) for this bland journey .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not just your average las vegas buffet for breakfast . yes , i 'm sure the scrambled eggs are powdered , but the omelet station did not disappoint . plenty variety when it comes to breakfast meats and a wide assortment of fruits and pastries . the prices is a little high or i 'd went with 5 stars , but hey , it 's vegas ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gets two stars because no wait and crab legs were pre sliced open for you . but the crab was cold , the ice cream machine broken , and all around the food sucked . i 've been to much better chinese buffets . where is the amazing vegas buffet ? ? obviously at ceasars . tried to get my $ 30 value on the crab & prime rib ... but they both were disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "buffets are always good . nothing extraordinary , but it was delicious . variety of foods to choose from , so go eat it . if you are in vegas , you definitely need to have at least one buffet . i would recommend trying this one out , as they have tons of options , and very good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is n't high quality , but hey it 's a buffet . i particularly liked the lunch-time raviolis , curry sea bass , roast asparagus soup ; and the breakfast-time pancakes , waffles , and califoria-mexican eggs , and various types of sausages . the desserts and pastries are probably too sweet . it 's imperative to choose what you eat wisely , since you 'll be full sooner than you know it . also watch for lines during the following times when specials are in effect : 7-8a breakfast is $ 9.99 lunch starts at 11a , but if you get breakfast at 10:30-ish am or 10:40a you can basically merge into lunch with the breakfast rate . early 4:30-5:30p dinner i think is also discounted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great deal for the price ! if you go there strictly for shrimp and mussels but if you are looking for a quality sushi and other dishes , you can get better . sunday brunch may be the best deal for the price though . again , if you like lots of seafood and nothing else , it will be worth the trip . not at all worth it for sushi , pizza , other greasy fried or oily dishes..ugh.. they had a pretty good dessert section too ! i loved those mini cups of mousses , cakes , tiramisu , etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to one of the best buffet 's ever , the aria , and the worst , the excalibur . the mgm manages to hold itts own . we went for breakfast . it was a bit pricey but the variety , free mimosas 's , and customer service made it worth it . we had a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give it 10 stars i would ! ! ! ! ! amazingggg we ate breakfast and lunch delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after looking for address i started reading the reviews and i was kind of in doubt because everyone seems to not like this place ... i have to say that i loved it ! food was delicious , they have prime rib ( i love meat ) , variety of food , deserts and drinks , service was really good , specially our server she was really nice and attentive ... you should try this place , and you are paying for quality , we all know buffets in vegas are expensive but people come on if you dont want to spend money dont go out to eat or dont even bother to go to vegas ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first vegas buffet . we chose the mgm because we had tickets to see david copperfield . all we can say is do n't bother . very expensive and bad food . cold , overcooked , mushy ... generally not tastey at all . the steamed broccoli although cold was fresh . the roast beef was also cold but my husband did enjoy it . it was easy to avoid the dessert bar with a few choices in little plastic cups . the staff was very friendly . we went for the all you can drink for $ 15.99 each not realizing the drinks were just those on the picture ... ... we are not wine snobs but the red wine was awful . mgm ... .think its time to step up your game !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thought this place was going to be very good considering it was at mgm but it was n't too satisfying . their prime rib was kinda tough and lacked flavor . they did have good braised ribs which was very flavorful . their desserts was pretty good too . i liked the chocolate mousse cup .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mostly enjoyed this buffet , was the first one i 'd been to where you get your own drinks , which is nice when you 're thirsty and drink a lot of soda like i do . buffet was extensive , but very badly laid out . there is no start and end , there are lots of little starts and ends , there is no flow , which makes for a lot of awkward cutting in front of people and going in opposite directions . the canadian in me died during all my line cutting and getting in people 's way . the selection of food was n't extensive , but adequate , i found enough selection that small bits of everything i wanted on my plate was enough to fill me up . loved the carvery area , took some of everything , including a few different types of sausage , which were all awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well ... i 'll put it this way : after spending $ 43.50 a person , i did n't expect to see lunch meat on the buffet line food was downright terrible . service was n't good . overall just a bad experience and a very surprising considering it 's the mgm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is mediocre . prices average . needs more choices . beef was chewy . minimal selections . taste is not terrible but not great . crabs are small .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet was awful ! ! first at the entrrance of the buffet there are no prices anywhere ! ! ! you have to wait to get to the cashier before you know how much it is..30 bucks for brunch , with no crab or prime rib..also the plates are hard to find and all plates are very small salad plates about 6 inches at most..food was bland , ,service was good however .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this buffet gets one star . sushi is horrible . we paid $ 64 . good service , but awful food . sorry we wasted our money . we will not come back . asian fish is delicious .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yuck . big selection , but it was salty as hell . the mimosas tasted like chemicals . the `` sushi '' was a joke . i even saw them pour the eggs out of a plastic bag -- the only fresh ones were over-easy ( not even the omelets ! ) definitely look for a different buffet experience in lv", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate here twice this trip , once for saturday morning brunch and sunday evening dinner and both times the food was delicious ! the prime rib and brisket were juicy and tender . the crab legs , baked chicken mashed potatoes and were also pretty good and had me going back for more . the pizza was okay . i could have eaten an entire mean just of desserts they were so good . the even had real ice cream , the kind they scoop into a cone for you . the brunch was very busy but the server still took care of us . when we went for dinner it was n't as busy and the server was awesome ... . he was constantly bringing us refills and even suggested some coffee to go . overall we would recommend this buffet", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was free , the workers were friendly , and there was plenty of variety . why 2 stars ? because , darnit , the food just was n't very good . when the best part of the meal is that the diet coke was pretty fizzy , you know it 's not worth $ 30 . but , let 's be honest : it was free with our stay at the signature , and free is good . but do not pay $ 30 to have dinner here . if it 's free , bon appetit !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had 2 free buffet passes from playing myvegas so we went before seeing ka . we really enjoyed it not sure why all the bad reviews . they had cooked to order steaks which were great and tons of other choices . i did n't care for the desserts that much . i would go back even if i had to pay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used my vegas rewards points and scored 2 dinner mgm grand buffets it was great for the price $ 0 ... prime rib , crab , shrimp and all the fixins", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is not good , stay away from this buffet ! my husband and i stayed at mgm and when we got there we were starving and did n't search how the buffet was , we went and it was $ 42 each person . we were so excited to try the food . omg this place is kinda gross . food is not fresh at all ! ! ! it 's the worth 42 , more like $ 15 maybe . we loved going to buffets and this place is the worst buffet we have been to ! ! so disappointing ! eat somewhere else do your research reviews before you eat at mgm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the same price , the m buffet is a lot better . no alcohol include . small selection . cutting the prim rib was like cutting grandma 's meatloaf . for that price , i wanted more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super long wait , so busy ! ! ! ! overall they have a great selection of food . everything was good , compared to other buffets we have visited .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me advise you all . the roast beef . prime rib is phenomenal.. no , better than that . great experience . be sure to try the mango parfait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i need to contradict all these bad reviews , we ate at this buffet by accident and i was hesitant because of the bad review i had read on yelp but we went to try it anyways . what an amazing surprise , the prime rib was some of the best i 've had , and i 've had it at many places around the country , the sausage was also excellent . the crab legs were great , although some were a tad salty ; the selection is great with 8 lines not including the awesome dessert line . i will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was definitely a last-minute choice ... mainly because my hotel is across the way and i was too lazy to drive to a good buffet . i guess for the price you ca n't complain . but i 'm going to anyway . lame food , lame service ... just lame . first and last time here ! as far as buffets go , i 'll do better planning next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good value . not the best buffett but far from the worst . steak medallions cooked to order very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i chose to ignore the negative reviews on yelp . so i went on sunday for dinner . to make it short , its not worth it ! i have tried many buffets in vegas , but this time iwas staying at the mgm grand and decided to try theyre 30 dll buffet . ithink you have more choices eating at hometown buffet . the food was ok , the service was ok the buffet area is kept clean , but seriously , this buffet is overpriced . this my last time eating here . if you are going to pay this kind of money for a buffet , go to rio casino buffet , in my opinion you get better value for youre money there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for the first time and was very disappointed , they tried to sell us the drink upgrade 15 minutes before last call for alcohol ( which they did not mention to us what they that was ) huge selection that tasted as if it had been cooked the day prior or left sitting out for a long time , desserts were dry , great customer service but it was absolutely not worth the price . never again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after our ordeal at diego 's the night before , we wanted something that was fast , easy , and had vegetarian options . for $ 32 per person , the grand buffet pretty much got the job done . do 's : crab legs with butter , sugar-free cheesecake , ceviche with guacamole , fried shrimp , fruit tart don'ts : spicy tofu", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst buffet in las vegas . quality is sooo bad ! no wonder studio cafe jacked up their prices to double ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if would be much better to go to m buffet . mgm buffet has few selections and overall food presentation and taste are poor . mgm is expensive , not worth the price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i must say ... this place has gotten worse since the last time i went there ... there were n't that many choices ... and the choices they had were n't all that tasty ... the best thing was the bread pudding ... . not worth the price either ... $ 60 for 2 people ... .. i should have known since the place was empty ... no lines or anything ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite buffet in vegas . i think it 's pricey , but the food is good tho . mmm the first time was better , now i am just jaded about it. , lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to the breakfast buffet . 17.99 during the week ... great buffet ! ! ! they had all the main breakfast staples and more ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the most part- breakfast was ok- however , got a splinter from a basket and the waiter get his manager- she never showed up to help me . so if i get an infection- i can file a law suite against mgm- hopefully i do n't loose the finger ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had free breakfast here after a long night of drinking , and the bacon and waffles were delicious ! eggs tasted like styrofoam and everything else was super salty . not terrible , but it costs $ 20 person if you do n't have free vouchers ... not worth that much in my opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've stayed at mgm grand and eaten at the buffett many times over the past 6 years . i just had two meals there and i can tell you : the price has gone up and the quality has gone straight down . both nites were virtually the same items : fried fish chicken vegetables ... .poor salads , poor selection of fruits . basic items , very tastelessly prepared . avoid it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one might think that a big , prestigious hotel such as the mgm grand would have a great buffet . one would be quite incorrect . this is not a cheap buffet but the food and selection ranks among the lowest . skip it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "selection wasnt top notch but they had plenty to choose from . the crab and shrimp were all served cold . they did have a shrimp roll up in the asian section i 've never had and i wish i started there so i could have had more of them . the other negative is the price . almost $ 75 for two with tip . we could have had a better meal almost anywhere for less than that price . service was good . plates were cleared ( only found one dirty plate on the line when i went for a new plate . its a huge issue for me and i still give them three stars ) drinks were always full . well done emanuel . well done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was an ok buffet . the new york steak was well seasoned but the prime rib was inedible in my opinion . had nice crab legs and some side dishes . service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good . go in right as they are switching over to lunch so that you pay the breakfast price but get both breakfast and lunch offerings . in that case its a good deal . oh yeah , and go in hungry : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like to pay 45 dollars for crap then this is the place for you . i recommend del taco instead", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't was your money at this buffet . you will regret it . stick to wynn or bellagio", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is only my second yelp review & like the first , i 'm beginning this one with `` i do n't get all the horrible reviews '' lol ! anyway , i was here on a monday at about 6pm . no wait , just paid and walked right in . i do agree that they do not have very many options here . however , all of what i had i enjoyed & i 'm pretty sure i had a little bit of everything . lol . the ribs & mashed potatoes topped with bacon were soooo good ! this is only the second vegas buffet i have been to . so far , my favorite . i would definitely recommend it to a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times . decor is nice and open . clean and relaxed atmosphere . while i feel the food here is decent , i personally feel it is a bit overpriced for what it is . service for the most part was good . it ai n't up there with buffets such as bacchanal or bellagio but it 's ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great selection of food but about average . was fast to get in and out . the service was friendly . did the brunch selection . at least it was convenient and the dessert portion was my favorite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a buffet so you know what your signing up for all you can eat . who does n't love that , when ever i stay at the mgm i have to stop by here they have great mac n cheese nd the dinner options are great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update - the mlife counter is actually next to the david copperfield theatre entrance . it says `` mlife players club '' the buffet is a short walk down and across . just follow the signs also dec 2015- they upgraded their desserts ! oreo cream pie was so good ! my vegas redemption is different now- a lot of pts if you want to just redeem for one . or you can do the buy one get one free at $ 40 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went there for lunch - $ 18.99 per person . cheap quality food and little selection for the price . the environment and service was average and there 's no theme or specialty . just a plain old buffet place . it 's average of the average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent enough food for sure . you are at a buffet , and you are not at bellagio . you really can not expect much out of it . the crab legs were good . shrimp was good . pork ribs were very good . the rest was fine enough . lots of selection of all kinds of food . and for $ 20 with a convention discount for all you can eat in vegas , this is not a bad deal at all . would definitely come back here . but bellagio stays as my first choice when i am winning and feeling spendy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if anyone suggests going here , refuse ! the limited selection is the beginning of their woes . my sister had the strip steak cooked medium and found it so tough she could n't finish it . i was excited for the crab legs but both the hot bar crabs and cold bar crab legs were cold . my friends ventured into the rest of the place . the fried chicken , italian entrees ( yes all four options ) were tasteless . the `` hot cheesy '' bread was cold and bread from the basket was hard . we do n't have kids but there are n't any kid friendly options other than pizza and cold fries . the only good thing were the vegetables ... how odd is that ? however i 'll probably have a cholesterol induced heart attack from all the butter used to cook them so they would be tasty . in summary , there are far better ways to spend $ 37 in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hotel is one of the best in the area . buffet food was n't that good . not the forty dollars they charge you per person . fyi make sure you check your room bill before you check out ... extra charges may apply ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we liked this buffet the best out of the 4 that we tried . the selection was the best , and the desserts were great ! i really enjoyed the mac and cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a definite 1.5 star buffets but the service here was better than other buffets so i rounded up to 3 stars . i think the best dish here was the fried chicken . the meat lasagna was meatless . the caesar dressing was flavorless . i could n't taste any mushroom in the mushroom ravioli . hmmm ... do n't know why i 'm trying to remember everything i ate . you just need to know that you could get better food elsewhere for less if you 're willing to walk .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ate breakfast here when i came for a pay-per view fight . it was basic american food , nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have absolutely no idea why there are so many reviews panning this buffet -- maybe they have upgraded or changed the food . my friend and i went for brunch while on vacation and it was so good we did n't eat for the rest of the day . i think the price was $ 22 , but since it was saturday , for $ 2.50 more you could get unlimited champagne ( cheap champagne , yes , but add some of the unlimited orange juice and it made a quite passable mimosa ) . the food selection was unreal . we tried everything - ham , prime rib , incredible ravioli , made-to-order eggs , great sausage gravy , some unnameable weird salad ... the selection was endless and much better than any of the other buffets around the mgm , especially mandalay bay . favorites were the pastas , fresh guacamole , carrot cake , fruit selection ... sometimes we had to wait for refills , but we were there for at least two hours and never got told to hurry up or denied anything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been going to mgm buffet every summer for the past 4 years and i can say it was truly the best buffet in las vegas . the ribs , ravioli , tacos , etc were all delicious . however , this year there was n't much variety ( no ribs ) and the food was not good at all . really disappointed . wo n't be going to this buffet anymore . will just go to tacos el gordo instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really basic buffet for a casino buffet . we paid close to $ 60 for two of us . that 's why it 's average 2-1 2 stars . we were tired and did not want to leave the hotel so was stuck here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "most people who stay at the mgm will get to eat here free , or at least at a discounted price . i did n't , but i was still thoroughly impressed with this buffet . the quality is not the best , but they served all the food i like . i like typical food that a 12 year old likes lol . like pasta dishes , and hamburgers etc . this place was it . really stuffed myself here = ) derek", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is beyond awful . outrageously expensive for terrible food- your better off at mcdonald 's . i felt sick the whole rest of the day after eating here . i can only describe the food as similar to something you would find in a high school cafeteria . not to mention the host was extremely rude to us and accused my friend of not paying . i 've never had a worse restaurant experience . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off this place is huge . there is a large variety to choose from for brunch . i had all the usual breakfast items , eggs , bacon , cornbeef and hash , and chorizo . the chorizo was surprisingly good , i 'm from arizona and i know good chorizo . i had some kind of beef , simular to kobe beef , not sure on the exact name but it was really good full of flavor . i would n't expect anything less at the mgm grand . excellent choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here because of free buffet with room stay which is only good for lunch or breakfast . food was ok , sushi is not edible . deserts were disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came to the buffet because we knew they had gluten-free food . the food turned out to be real tasty and had an endless variety of options . we had a question about an item and was curious if there was any wheat in it . daniel taylor went out his way and brought out the ingredients so we can look and make sure their was no wheat . such a great experience and he brought us some delicious smoothies on the house ! definitely coming back next time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "about $ 25 per person for brunch and unlimited mimosas was included . food was great with a great variety .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible buffet for 3 persons $ 90+ . worth than other buffets at half the cost . nobody being in line to get in should have been my clue not to go in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "with so many choices in vegas this should be a place to skip . the only good thing about this buffet is that it offers a great variety of foods . i went in on a saturday for breakfast and it was still early , not too busy , however the waitress seemed very overwhelmed and did n't bring our drinks until we were almost done . most of the food was cold . not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since this place is popular , the line for this buffet is long , but i guess there 's nothing that can be done about that . the servers were attentive and removed our plates . one minor nitpick i have is that even though i 'm glad they leave the utensils behind , they tend to place the utensils on the table , which i personally like to avoid since i usually put them on napkins . it would be nice if they offered replacement utensils other than just the ones on the table , although i guess maybe it 's like that so that too much water is n't wasted . there were a large variety of food dishes to choose from . they make the price of $ 40 person a good deal by offering a lot of expensive dishes . there were crab legs , lobster ravioli , prime rib , and creme brulee . they also offered complimentary drinks like raspberry iced tea and sodas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my fianc\u00e9 came here for breakfast and were definitely happy with the food . definitely worth the $ 20 or so each , considering a good breakfast any where else close is about $ 15 . also , they open at 7 am for breakfast , not 11 like the page on here says .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced and underattended ( as in our waitress seemed to forget all about us ) , we were n't too impressed with our outing here . the food was exceedingly average at its best , and at it 's worst , bland , dry and lukewarm . the flow of the buffet was n't great , with one long line for most of the good items on one side , and a no waiting side for the vegetarian offerings . seems they could have worked that out better . after that is the chef attended parts of the buffet which branch out to each side .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "breakfast buffet was decent . food quality was average and so was service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good buffet at a great price ! i decided to try the mgm buffet for lunch . definitely glad i did . great selection of lunch items spread across several stations ! they put out small portions and changed out the trays frequently so that there was n't a huge pile of food that had been sitting out all day . food tastes good and they have an all-you-can-drink add-on that is easy to take advantage of ... worth trying while in the mgm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is about $ 30 for brunch on saturday without tip . i would say it is ok . i have ate plenty of breakfast buffet in las vegas before . i would say go to another place for the bang of the buck . its not bad nor good . only thing i like this past weekend are the apple sausages and yogurt for brunch . other than that , save your money and try something else . plenty of better buffets in my opinion that are better . great customer service but just not that good for that price . waiters and staff are friendly and helpful . i give it 3 star . also if you sign up with mgm grand hotel stay , look for promo code . you will get 2 free buffets per stay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not worth it if your paying full price for dinner . but its excellent value if you get the all-day pass or go for breakfast . even when the queues look long they move pretty quickly . at the weekends they have a steak station where they cook a sirlion steak in front of you . other than that the foods is the same as weekdays . in comparisons to other buffets , their king crab legs , prime rib , waffles are excellent . their deserts are pretty good as well . in particular their pound cakes and cookies are some of the best i 've ever had !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge fan of buffets so maybe i 'm not the review to trust . but overall this is a typical american buffet , too salty , too sugary , no special flavours to speak of , and you leave with nothing but regret and a lighter wallet . they had some decent chicken potstickers and chow mein noodles , but that was about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "long wait . over priced for the quality . only think good about the saturday brunch was the guacamole and sour cream with the omelet . that was actually good . but not worth 27 bucks ... have n't been to a brunch buffet in awhile now i know why ... . lmao wo n't be coming back ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was not impressed at all with this buffet . the only reason i 'm not giving them 1 star is the friendly staff . i think golden corral has this place beat and it 's definitely not worth the $ 40 price tag .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "4 stars for the service ; 3 for the food we were lucky and ended up with a great server . she brought us whole carafes of hot water and coffee . in addition , she came back a couple times to check on us to make sure we were doing ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was surprised that a place that touts the word `` grand '' for their buffet could present such a dismal display of food . i am glad i opted out the eat all day offering , lest i would have lost money , because i would n't have wanted to go back . i went for the lunch buffet , the food was cold , the only thing hot was the chinese food . mgm prices for less than hometown buffet cuisine . it 's not the best and needs a makeover . the dessert offerings were amusing at most .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty terrible compared to other buffets in vegas . highly recommend cosmo or wynn over this luby 's disguised as a vegas buffet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disappointing . the sushi tastes like grocery store sushi , the crab legs were pencil thin , and the carving station prime rib was overdone and fatty . the only highlights were the caesar salad and bbq pork ribs . not worth the wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for breakfast today we all went to the mgm grand buffet . unfortunately it is n't what it used to be a few years back . and it was on the pricey side , $ 30.00 per person . atmosphere is nice , service was ok , but food ... .not so much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "alright . got here on time for brunch . mimosa and champagne for $ 5 more ? in vegas ? done . the breakfast and other selections were plentiful ( eggs , eggs , and more eggs -- - jk they had other things ) . the only downside : we had to go up and get our own mimosa champagne , and it was hard to walk after downing 7-8 glass . i 'm loving it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy crap , it was how much ? ! sure , i liked the food there but in the future i think i will save my money and grab a cheaper slice of pizza at one of the fast food joints . i should have known it was n't going to be cheap , its vegas . i just ca n't see spending that much on casino food more than i had to . i still have yet to find a restaurant that blows me away in this city . it is probably the best food you 'll get in the area but i wish they had a line for the one-platers , the ones not out to stuff themselves to get their money 's worth ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not worth the near $ 40 i paid . if this were a $ 20 buffet , then i think i would rate it a little higher , but this buffet was quite an embarrassment . it had a few things that were of pretty decent quality , but nothing more . the crab legs are decent sized and everything is just ... meh . desert had some good things . the sorbet was so artificially flavored , it was bad . overall , if you can get this around $ 20 , go to it ! if not , head to the treasure island buffet , much better quality for less .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hmmm , we were stuck between shows at mgm so tried the buffet . i wonder how they stay in business ? ? very hard to find anything good to eat ! price is quite high for what you get . do gamblers get comp-ed to reduce the $ 25 cost . if you must eat at mgm , find something else ... but , hey , there was no line !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "expensive- but most restaurants in las vegas are . nothing special about this buffet aside from the all you can drink special for 15.99 with the purchase of adult dinner buffet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible food . this buffet would be overpriced at $ 5.99 . everything tastes the same . everything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very mediocre and overpriced . service was fine , but almost everything at the buffet was lukewarm and congealed . the epitome of the sad buffet . the prime rib was not great -- fatty and tough . crab legs and sushi were ok , though . the gelato was a good choice for dessert , and the little parfaits were very good . we were comped and got our moneys worth , but if i had to pay i would have felt ripped off .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i luckily got to eat here for free because a friend gave me a gift card to the mgm grand but i would have been pretty upset if i had paid the full price to eat here . it felt like an over-glorified old country buffet except i would have chosen good ole ocb for my country hankering . most of the food was stuff i could make myself and it just felt a bit more run-down and neglected than other places . if you 're going to spend the money on a buffet , consider elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for lunch . it 's around $ 20 person . after taxes my family of 3 paid almost $ 70 and it was definitely not worth it . there was barely anything appetizing to eat , the variety is very limited . there is a lot of bread , a lot of cold salad , a small asian and italian station ( very limited and unappealing ) . the food is not that hot and the taste was meh . the dessert and drinks section is decent . the staff is very attentive to clearing your dishes- which is the only reason why i gave this 2 rating instead of 1 . i noticed a lot of other people left very quickly . anyways it 's so expensive and not worth it , trust me ! at the very least go in and take a look before you pay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the mom buffett was ok if you like waiting for your drink to be refilled pancakes were good but food overall was not impressive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was ok , not great . they did n't have much food choices compared to the other buffets . some foods were dry and had no flavor . i really liked the pot stickers though and pizza .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here in spite of the 2.5 star overall review , and we are glad we took the chance . do n't get me wrong , it 's not the caliber of a buffet like the bellagio , but it is good for what it is . i would put it on the scale of the monte carlo or planet hollywood buffets , but better than both of those . we were lucky - we arrived at 7pm on a friday night and there was no line . i liked the food . there was a good variety of meats , veggies , seafood and ethnic foods . my hubby had the crab legs and called them `` above average , though just barely '' . i liked the mexican section . the desserts were also a cut above the average buffet . i told my hubby next time we are in town we have to go to one of the more high end buffets . however , i will remember our good experience here and we 'll be back i 'm sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's ok. had no choice to eat here since we were running late for our show , ka , and this was the only place you could eat right away . i forget how much dinner was , but somewhere around the $ 25 range . you can buy a bottle of merlot for $ 15 outside as well ( a pretty good deal ) . i had tons of food , but then again , it 's buffet food . i wish they had more soups to choose from . i felt like the soup was leftovers in some creamy sauce . the part i did like , was the mini bites of desserts . so smart to have them bite-sized so you do n't waste it . the carrot cake and key lime pie were good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i made it a point to write this review soon as i left las vegas . i came home to my city good morning i think you all need to know you will waste your money at mgm grand buffet . mgm grand is an amazing but the buffet is the worst buffet i have ever been to . i 've been to many buffets in las vegas this is by far the absolute worst buffet in history . the mussels were tough , the roast was tough , only thing that was decent was the sushi . the staff is very friendly the price is only $ 20.99 which is great . but if you want to eat at a better buffet go to the paris or something . the stratosphere buffet is better then mgm grand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i came here for breakfast ( $ 18.99 per person ) so this review will pertain to only the breakfast . the buffet included the usually spread of different kinds of egg dishes , potatoes , and meats . for my taste , i enjoyed this buffet experience for a couple reasons . they had a salad station which included a nice and light potato salad ( with purple okinawan sweet ones ) and butternut squash with spinach . i thought they were a great counter balance to all the heavy dishes . secondly , their corned beef with potatoes was made with real corned beef and not the mushy version you get from the can . it was also not greasy and not so rich tasting . the only things i wound say negative is that i did n't see any plain , white rice available and their mexican dishes were the same kind of dishes you would get at a station casino buffet which costs around $ 6- $ 10 . i will update this section after we try lunch and dinner here ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "average food . snow crab legs both hot and cold . lots of veggies and salad bar . there was some typical asian type entree 's as well . the price was 39.99 with self service beverages or you could add 17 to get unlimited beer and wine ... the desert bar was good and had a good selection but no creme brulee ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were there for last three years for convention . for $ 36 a dinner buffet is in a high end price but the food is not that great . you can find a better buffet for that price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good buffet for the price , went at opening for breakfast , and food was fresh ! while it does not come close to higher end buffets such as wicked spoon or bacchanal , it is much less expensive , and minimal to no wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we must have missed the lunch price because this buffet was $ 80 for 2 people . i realize this may be a normal price for a buffet on the strip but it was a little more than we were willing to pay for a late lunch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great selection of food , very tasty and fresh . the staff is also friendly and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that makes this buffet worth it is if you pay the extra 5 bucks and get the endless champagne . food isnt top notch but i 'm not really one on buffets so we will just say it 's ok. not worth 30 bucks for brunch but if you do go make it worth your while for endless champagne..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i must say i 'm not impressed . the service is slow . the staffs are not very passionate in serving their customer . they never refill our drinks even when it 's empty . the food is not that great . the only thing that kept me eating for a while was the king crabs , rock crabs and some other seafood . well i must admit i 'm a big seafood lover . one thing i do n't really understand is that they do n't readily provide the tool to crack the crab shells open ( sorry i do n't know what it calls ) . you have to ask the staffs to get it . after we left , nobody even bother to say thank you . we just walked out ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in here for a breakfast , the day we were leaving which was a monday morning . it wasnt crowded at all , few minutes wait and we sat down . food selection , well it was breakfast so it could not be loaded , still just an ok selection so was the food quality . people that worked there were very nice , but atmosphere was just as everyone was ok with the food , noone really seemed to enjoy it . will not be going to this one again . thanks", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a disappointment . mgm has a beautiful hotel and an amazing club but they need to remove the buffet . the food is not worth the price that you pay . i had thanksgiving dinner with my family and the food selection was lacking as was the flavor . it was the first time that i was dissatisfied with mgm grand . vegas has so many amazing buffets but this is not one i would ever recommend . the dessert selection was poor , the food looked unappealing and tasted even worse . at one point the buffet was excellent but this was many years ago . i do n't plan on ever going back to this buffet . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went there for the breakfast buffet after driving 8 hours to vegas . i passed many other places and stop at mgm thinking their place should have some standards . the food was nasty . the only food i liked was the crab salad and even that made me sick after the first plate . it was most likely not very fresh since i am sensitive to that . the sausage was on the dry side and the roast had really no flavor . the fruits were on the borderline of being raw . the eggs were watery .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stayed at rhe mgm grand hotel.. so we deside to go eat ... i like buffets because i love all kinds of dessert.. and well i suggested the mgm buffet ... we were nicely greeted by the cashier and the hostess.. and then we had 5 stars service feom outpr servers ... and the food was amazing not to mention the dessert section was full of goodies ... i was like in heaven lol ... . overall our experience with the food and service was more then what we were expected ... thank you for everything.they have this special package for alcoholic drinks ... i dont drink but my friends got it ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for $ 32.00 dollars a person you would expect better quality . i went on a friday morning for there champagne brunch . they had typical breakfast servings such as waffles , bacon , egg , ham , cold sandwiches , stuffed shrimp , and other types of servings . most of the foods they had were low quality and many did not have any taste . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just no . for the price my sister paid the quality was not there . it 's worse then edr food in vegas . ( employee dining room )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we visited twice for the breakfast buffet and it exceeded our expectations . i 'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews . for a breakfast buffet , everything was fresh and tasty . the omelette station was quick and delicious . last year , we stayed and ate the breakfast at the wynn and felt there was no difference . the mgm buffet had everything from a full salad station with all fresh ingredients , fruit bar , full selection of desserts , full selection of eggs and egg dishes , several varieties of potatoes , taquitos , nachos , meats , fried twinkies , etc . the price is right . great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy buffet and a great way to end our quick weekend trip to vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food . not too noisy . coffee is the worst ! taste like old grounds and dirt mixed together . overprice if you do n't eat at least 3 plates of food . figure $ 31+ per person .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i had breakfast buffet which overlapped lunch and we were extremely pleased with the food quality and variety . we had been to the dinner buffet earlier in the year and could not rate it very high . they must have a chef now who really has a passion for food quality . everything was delicious and well presented . recommend the breakfast lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had dinner there on monday food was dried out and everything tasted like chili powder and cold i will not eat here ever again stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i feel like mgm grand buffet is really a hit or miss for most people . i personally love it . i 've never left feeling like i was unsatisfied . this is n't the case with some other people i 've talked to . maybe i just came on the right days . their food is pretty fresh , but i always avoid anything that i could get at a panda express . this being said , everything else is delicious and is replaced quickly . thanks to mgm 's buffet vouchers , i 've been here about 3 times and for some odd coincidence , i 've always been seated at the same side table facing the dessert . what is with that ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great buffet these guys were on point the chef even came out and talked to us and we did n't even ask", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is over priced ( $ 30 ) for what it has to offer . not much varriet and the food does not have the best of taste . the desert is good though . i do not recommend this buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff were all very nice and the buffet was laid out beautifully ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time . 90 % of the food taste like school cafeteria trash , i 'm not even going to waste my time going into details . it just sucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mgm buffet , average at best , with large selection . nothing really stood out worth remembering other than nice assortment of little deserts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went on a thursday morning and we were charged the weekend brunch price . for an adult it was 29.99 . had an okay selection of food . if you are looking for waffles , they are in the dessert area . that took us three tries to find . our table was never bussed , so we had a pile of plates on our table . was n't the best brunch i 've ever had and not sure if i would pay that much again for it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this buffet was great for my family . i loved the breakfast sausage and all their gluten free and vegetarian dishes are labelled , which makes it great for visitors with dietary restrictions . i will be back if i 'm ever in vegas again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they used to have an everyday mimosa brunch but now they just have lunch during the week at the lunch period of the day . a poor selection of dried out foods awaited us today . very disappointed and disillusioned with this buffet . i do not recommend it . my father was able to slightly rectify the situation by making an egg salad sandwich from scratch . at least that was n't dry ! it 's pretty sad when you have to prepare your own food in order to have something you like at a buffet ! there 's a carving station but they only had turkey and some saugages ( you guessed it - dry too ) . i was told they were out of tri-tip . i made myself a sandwich , something i never do at buffets . on the up-side , the desserts were good and i had lots of room !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great buffet and really good coffee this morning . way too much food for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a very bad experience trying to enjoy our food but can not cuz their services suck .. it 's a very loud buffet and over price", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had a great selection of food , but not all tasted as good as it looked . i ate a bunch of fruit , some potatoes and some bacon . the other dishes i tried were not great and i did n't finish them . i think for the most part i was upset because of the price . it was $ 25 per adult and i was n't able to even come close to eat that much worth in food . i felt like the service staff were nice , but kind of slow . it took a while to get drinks . i wish there were cheaper buffets in vegas !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only crab leg is good , service is bad : waitress is very friendly before we make the order.after that ? we asked for several times for tea , but no response until 30 minutes !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not very good . the food is pretty bland and they do n't have a lot of choices . the omelette guy messed both of our omelette up . he only listened to the first three things we said and then just did his thing . not at all impressive . go somewhere else . we got it for free with our room and i rather pay and get food i like .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service . the waiters were very attentive . food was great for the price ! lots of options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the buffet serves very bland and undesirable food . if i spend $ 86 for two people to eat the bottom line is that i should enjoy the food and hopefully the experience . neither happened here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always get comped for the breakfast buffet and visit every few months for business . experience this week was a repeat of what happened in february . went to omelet station and there was one person there who 's omelet was being prepared . preparer was engaged in conversation and chose to ignore my self and the 2 people who joined the line behind me . i just gave up and walked away , and as i was in another line , i looked over and the woman behind me walked away as well . same thing happened on last visit , could this be the same guying ignoring the line ? bad attitude , just ignoring customers like that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this buffet has improved greatly since the last time i ate here about a year ago . fresh fruit ! very sweet tasty and tender pineapple and watermelon . mmmmm ! excellent waiter - very professional , helpful but not annoying . the coffee tasted good ! i had tender fried fish , pizza , eggs , bagels and lox and more and liked everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent selection and value ! they take the time to quality check what is set out and care about presentation and overall appearance . a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "paid 40 bones and entered food heaven . i came during the right season . steaks , chicken , dessert ( oh the desserts ) . i had everything that i completely blacked out . all i remembered was i juicy and sweet them chocolate covered strawberries were . this was the only buffet i tried during my brief stay so i ca n't compare it to other places in vegas . for 40 bucks though , i believe i did get my money 's worth and i am very satisfied with it . the service was excellent . the selection was plentiful and thats important because i do n't like seeing the same boring stuff over and over again . nice to have a great selection of food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ; the people who say and rate otherwise are just too nitpicky . i used to eat here whenever we were in vegas with my family . only drawback is the price ( which is very costly , though it is a buffet ) , and the ( usually ) long wait to get into the buffet . they have everything though , and lots of seating as well . whether you 're looking for salad , american food , mexican food , fruit , dessert , meats , seafood , etc . they 've got it ! i get hungry just thinking about it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can only review breakfast which i had two days the other options at the mgm actually cost more . it was just ok , the choices were few and non discript . i really liked the egg station and the wait staff were fast and friendly both days . coffee and juice were included which was nice . i guess i remember the good old days of vegas when the buffets were inexpensive and loaded with great food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was short on time , so gave this a shot . i will say that me and my gal are lightweight when it comes to eatin and usually split a dinner . also , think the last time i went to a buffet was 1983 . we went for brunch , it was $ 23 per , and 4 us , that aint worth it if you dont eat much . my gal got the $ 2.50 unlimited champaign option ( sundays only ) . which we ripped them off and shared ! ( shhhh ) . food was ok . i saw nothing run out . lots of selection . omletts took a while , but they were the best attraction there . service was fast great . 5mins to get in . place was 1 2 empty . if it was under $ 20 id recommend it . otherwise . this place falls just below average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "totally not worth the $ 29.99 per adult . they had a lack of variety of foods . even the simple shrimp cocktail they did n't have . the sushi tasted and looked like the cheap sushi found in the grocery stores . my first slice of steak was okay , but i could n't even cut through my second slice . the crab legs and pineapples were good , but i 'm very disappointed on my trip here . i do n't think i will ever be back here..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the price you pay is well worth it for the food you eat . good options , but the flavor was average . the king crab was already cut open for you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "buffets are good in my opinion if they get mashed potatoes and mac and cheese right , have a decent meat station , and some sort of italian . grand buffet did all of the above , plus a really good mushroom ravioli , two indian dishes and assortment of desserts that i particularly liked . the entire setup though is a little disorganized . the plates are never where you needed them , you 'd have the mashed potatoes next to the sushi , and the taco bar has you bouncing back and forth from one side of the table to another to do your fillings . very very odd , but i guess if i work for my food then i wo n't feel as bad for having eyes bigger than my stomach , which is exactly what happened . price for lunch was $ 20.99 , and buffet selection was adequate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst buffet ive had in vegas and very expensive . i had both brunch and dinner and they were both terrible . food was cold and tasteless . only things good were stuff you ordered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great buffet . i had a 2 for 1 from m-life . i ate enough crab legs to off set the price of the dinner . great italian and american food also . all prepared by top notch chefs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best part of their buffet would be fruit and salad . dessert sucks . the food selections was just eh.. for the amount i 'm paying and what i 'm getting , i rather pay more and eat somewhere else like paris . or pay a lot less and just eat at a crappier buffet..or even spend $ 5.99 for steak and eggs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the buffet at mgm is not bad ... .. had some great carved meats and some super coconut shrimp among many other very nice items . what bothers me about the buffet , is that with all the real quality dining destinations at the other end of the hotel you would expect the buffet to be more in line with the wynn or the bellagio . on one end of the casino you have craftsteak , sea blue , pearl , l'atelier and numerour other quality dining experiences , but that quality does not extend to the buffet . it is a nice buffet , but i think at the mgm you want more than nice i realize it is a buffet ... ... ... .. but i think there could be some improvements in the `` quality '' . the desert bar is nothing special , if fact there does not seem to be anything about the buffet that really stands out in your memory after your visit . perhaps that is my concern - it is not a bad experience - but neither is it a memorable one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate here twice for breakfast . once on a sunday and again on a monday . it cost $ 26.99 on sunday and $ 19 on monday . it 's alright , basic buffet . nothing to go crazy over . service was okay . on monday they were doing some sort of construction , they covered the corner of the restaurant with a black tarp so you could n't see what was going on ... and they sat us right next to it . it was inconsiderate to seat us and other parties near the construction . it was loud and smelly . my other complaint is that they do n't offer egg whites or turkey bacon , hence it being a basic buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really did n't enjoy the options of food during lunch . greasy and nothing was really fresh", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favroite buffet in vegas . when i lived there , i would go here all the time . it 's cheap as you get in early ! ! i 've only been here for breakfast but i love it . get there before 10am and it 's only $ 12.99 i think . so yummy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we finally decided to try the buffet . we were greeted and asked how many and if we would want unlimited drinks for 15.00 each . we said yes knowing that would be about right even if we would just order one drink . in the magazines that are printed prices are different . $ 40.00 per person ( no where does it say how much it costs at door until she rings it up ) for that food yuck ! i would have gone to a nice restaurant with better atmosphere for the money we spent ! horrible but i guess everyone has their own opinions but horrible experience !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm giving it a three-star because the prime rib was excellent and i love prime rib . the spread was great , but not everything tasted so great . i ate a lot of crab legs and shrimp to get my $ $ 's worth even though they were n't that good tasting . the sushi looked as if it had been sitting there for a couple of days , but other than that everything looked appetizing . salad bar gets an a , mexican bar gets a c+ , meats section gets an a- , and dessert section gets a b. i went for dinner and it was $ 25.90 . if you 're in the area go ahead , otherwise plan ahead , spend a little more money and most likely leave happier . on the plus side , no stomach aches or ill effects afterwards = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought the dinner buffet was really good here - they had tons to offer and everything seemed really fresh and delicious , and considering it was about 9:30 at night , that 's awesome ! definitely recommended , as i would go back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people are right about this place . overpriced and disappointing . we paid $ 41 per person for the meal and it was definitely not worth of the money . it was about golden coral quality + snow crab legs . oh well i 'm done with buffet binge eating now between mgm and wicked spoon ruined my appetites", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for $ 20 pp , i wo n't complain much about a breakfast buffet . i 'd say the best part of breakfast were the made to order eggs & omelet . otherwise , every else was pretty much average . coffee & juice we had to get from machine on our own . since we arrived late at breakfast time , lunch started coming out afterwards , which was kinda of nice . but , like breakfast food , lunch stuff was also average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good selection and quality . breakfast items were fresh and flavorful and he mexican side had delicious fajitas and chile colorado .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "expensive and food are not fresh ... beef tastes like ages old ... not recommend . tastes bad ... no idea why there is long line in front of the buffet . really miss the boston maki maki , must better food with much better price !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for dinner . not bad . decent food , but we had $ 50 voucher . if i had paid 80 for the 2 of us , probably would have been more disappointed . food is decent-ish , nice selection , prime rib was pretty good . nice selection of mixed ethnicity foods and vegetarian options for the wife . definitely worth it if your looking for a quantity over quality deal . if your seeking some really good eats , look elsewhere ( not the luxor buffet ! ! terrible ) large selection of desserts , salads and some other decent food . i would have expected more from the mgm , but hey , you ca n't do it all great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst buffet i ever went in vegas for dinner ... for $ 31 person with a very limit selection is bs ! ! i will never come back to this buffet ! ! ! very very disappointed ! ! ! it takes a lot to disappoint me at a buffet ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here twice and i felt that the food here was alright . the meat selection was small and i felt all the meats were cooked well done . the crab legs , however , were actually was pretty good . you can have it steamed or cold . the desserts were alright as well . there was nothing that really stood out to me . our server was really nice and friendly though : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't waste your money here . the food is below average , without flavor . it 's small with limited options , you are better off going somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ehh . i 'm not sure how i felt about this buffet . for the price i expected better . the pizza was pretty good , the prime rib was delicious , however everything else on the menu was on par with any other buffet i 've ever been to . the desserts were pretty , but nothing spectacular in regards to taste .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really great steak and desserts . expensive . good thing i had coupons and tickets with the free buffet to rooms", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth eating there in my opinion . most of the food was cold . all you can eat is n't much when the food is n't good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to this buffet the evening before mother 's day . there was no line . amazing ! ! we were a parry of five and got there at 5:30 . we stayed at the hotel , so we received a dining credit and used it there . the service was only average . we have n't eaten here in a while and were pleasantly surprised that most of the food was quite good with a wide variety . skip the sushi . what stood out was some very tender and flavorful slices of prime rib . my nephew aaron and i went back for seconds . a good assortment of regular and some sugar-free desserts . my mother walked out with a soft serve vanilla cone . overall a good value buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is overrated the food is not worth what you pay for but the waiters are always keeping check if you need anything", "score": "3"}
{"review": "any buffet that has a steak carving table is alright with me ! we came here for breakfast , despite the low reviews . we were hungry and this buffet was the cheapest we could find in such short notice . so the food was good . not great . not bad . it gets the job done . i 'm not a big waffle eater but i grabbed one of their mini round waffles and that ish was banging ! the steak from the carving table was good too . they even provided grated horseradish and horseradish sauce . so yummy . the eggs were pretty average tasting . out of the entire buffet , that 's all i wanted really . but they had a lot of other food options . the coffee they served here was delicious . no cream needed . no sugar needed . for the quality and options provided , ( and remember , 1 us dollar is worth 25 cents in vegas ) $ 34 for brunch ai n't that bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic service and food . the omelet chef was like a machine ! ! ! he has 8 orders going at once !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "must try for buffet lovers ! it 's got a great spread . not too expensive . wait time and line size is pretty huge on busy days !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very overpriced , food is overcooked , sushi is horrible , and i regret every penny on this piece of sh # @ place ! i do n't recommend this place to anyone that enjoys buffets and sushi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a convention in the mgm , so found myself visit this buffet for lunch and dinner . the food is good , the variety is also good . for lunch there were too many options to even try . the menu is a good variety from all around the world , mexican , vegetarian , indian etc . overall the food was fresh and tasty . the waiter we got on one visit was very slow and did not offer refills ( we had to ask ) . desserts and the salad bars are the highlight of this buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had dinner , which was horrible and made us sit on the throne for 2hrs . empty trays , what was there was cold and not fresh . bad dinner experience overall . on the last day in vegas , pressed for time , we went for breakfast . well , atleast that wasnt bad at all . big selection , good food . thus , it 's a 1 bad 1 good meal , 3 star place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really liked this place . i went here on my honeymoon and we got in for free . i loved the desserts and crab legs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't know it was possible to put out less at dinner than at lunch and still charge more but they did it . food was worse than cafeteria food at a hospital and with less flavor . $ 73.99 for two adults and a child . half the steamer space was left unused . save your money , go to denny 's and eat much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just do n't . lighting was less than inviting ... bright cafeteria ambiance . there are so many wonderful restaurants to try in vegas..why spend your money here , when you can pay less or equivalent and have a wonderfully cooked fresh prepared meal elsewhere ? food was not fresh if it was it would not have been too terrible.. if you have a large party you 're automatically charged an extra 18 % gratuity.. ummm they do n't serve you ! ! no..not even water . they only pick up your plates if you have the stomach to actually finish one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we decided to wait and do the dinner buffet after looking at the lunch buffet . the lunch buffet was n't anything special . we were told that the dinner buffet would have shrimp & crab legs . no shrimp ( only on saturday & sunday ) . the crab legs are cut in half and served cold . you can take them up to the chef ( meat carver ) & they will drop them in warm water for ya . the quality of food was okay . nothing special . was n't worth the money , maybe that 's why the mgm gives two free passes to the buffet ? i ca n't recommend this buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not usually a fan of buffets , but this one was a winner in my book . clean dining room , attentive server , excellent selection of food to choose from . my favorite was the beef with broccoli , from the asian cuisine section . all of the meat was quality steak , with none of the chewy , grisly bits you would find at a cheaper restaurant . the sushi , chicken and apple sausage with sauerkraut , and taco bar were also good . the dessert bar was nice , and there was even a sugar-free section , for those who are into that type of thing . bottom line : the food is good , and as long as you 're going to eat 3+ plates of food ( for $ 40 ) it is definitely worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rather disappointing for a thanksgiving buffet . no green bean casserole , cranberry sauce , among other holiday favorites . more people seemed interested in the miles of crab legs than the one kiosk of turkey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst part of mgm . will never come again . the prime rib and fish were the only thing can enjoy , the salmon made me even not sure what i was eating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "average - expected more . not much flavor . service was pretty good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our favorite breakfast buffet time and to see minnie , valerie , ruth , big joe our favorite chef , kittie the sweetest hostess with their welcoming smiles and warm hearts to great us welcome back , , , nice to see us , , , ,as they all say", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad value if you go for the weekday champagne brunch ( $ 24 ) . all you can drink mimosas is worth that price . food was acceptable but nothing like some of the more lavish buffets ; mgm 's buffet is more standard buffet fare with a lot of breakfast options at this time of day . desserts were nothing to write home about except for the delicious peanut butter gelato ... if you only get one thing from the dessert station make it that . i 'm not big on ice-cream at a buffet but this was truly top notch . decor is generic and drab with definite room for some updating but everything was clean and well organized . not terrible but certainly not fancy ... just middle of the road . that said , our waitress donna was so bubbly and nice that it made the whole experience really pleasurable . she was genuinely warm and a lot of waitresses out there could take some pointers from her . thanks donna for making an average brunch an unforgettable one !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointing . food was mediocre , bland , salad bar very limited ( not even any tomatoes ! ) . incredibly overpriced : payed a vegas strip price for a freemont street quality buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i tried the lunch buffet here a few weeks ago , and the food was pretty good . we discovered the buffet on our last day in vegas , after some horrible studio cafe experiences . the flat daily rate seems like an excellent deal when you consider what you pay for food in vegas . the seating area was freezing for some reason , but our waitress was great . she noticed that we were shivering and suggested coffee tea , and she kept them refilled .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mgm 's buffet is great ! i am gluten free and dairy free and they have labeled all the dishes that are . they even have gf bread and raviolis in the back you can get by request . i find it very difficult to eat in vegas and was delighted to find this buffet that even had gluten free dessert options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there for brunch time . the food was okay . there was different varietys to pick from . i have to admit that the dessert section looked the best ! make sure you save room for dessert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure why this buffet got bad reviews . i thought it was quite tasty . there is a big variety to choose from . service was great . some main points : best items : filet mignon ( the best ) , shrimp ceviche , butterfly shrimps , baked vegetables , crab legs , strawberry cheesecake . fruit salads . items that could use improvement : some desert items are too rich , mexican rice could be softer , asian food station is lacking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would rate it less stars if possible . bad cafeteria food at best . brought to the attention of the manager on duty and was put off . the serving spoons on the worst looking drool of mac and cheese were caked on mess . the roasted beef looked like a grey dry brick . only thing truly edible were the bread rolls and soft serve ice cream . avoid this at all costs ... did i mention that they ask $ 30 for this experience ? unreal that this was one of the best 10 years ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to the thousands of buffet restaurants that are present in vegas , this one was n't the best of experience , and for the amount you have to pay to eat here , it leaves little to be desired for . the variety was n't as diverse and food quality was n't the best either . after only eating one plate of food , i did n't want to eat anymore , cause the food was pretty bland and the snow crabs were pretty salty too . it was a disappointment . same goes for their dessert selection . there were a lot of varieties and they all looked really good , but none of them stood out and there was n't a single dessert i finished ... service was top notch though , so no complaints there . think is was the only thing enjoyable about the restaurant . they have a really nice staff there , but the food quality definitely needs a lot of improvement , especially for the price you are paying to eat there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we only came here because we received two comp meals for using this at the buffet either for lunch or breakfast so we did a brunch . the atmosphere and service is nice , self serve unlimited options of drinks to choose from . however the food selection at this particular buffet is underwhelming and falls flat . because i 've been to other buffets on the strip this one is just pathetic , not many food to choose from . looked like dinner might have had more options !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing 's special about the breakfast here and some of the stuff looked old and stale . it 's very similar to the luxor breakfast buffet - just normal american breakfast fare . at least the luxor had decent croissants and food looked fresh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "w. t. freakazoid . for the price it is not with it . service was fast and friendly but the food was lacking flavor and the selection was n't all that great for a buffet . the money they ask for would be better spent at one of the regular restaurants ( or just spent on drinks at a bar ) with a good entree and drink .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst food i have ever had at a buffet ! i tried to tell the waiter and waitress , but they did n't speak english . when i told the chef the prime rib was not rare her response was that i came too early ! do n't waste your money at this garbage pit ! they wo n't offer to refund at dime and all i ate was a small salad and a roll ! it was disgusting !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always look at the star rating and try to understand why a place i love has such low stars . i loved this buffett , it was expensive but welcome to vegas . tons of options , free mimosa with the meal , great juices , omelette bar which i used to get specialty eggs , nice staff and they opened at 7am . $ 33 for the buffett , it was good . the french toast made from croissants were my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate this place . buffet 's in vegas have all gone bad . it used to be like 9.99 for breakfast . the last time we tried going to the mgm buffet they tried charging 3 of us $ 90 for breakfast . how many freakin bacon and eggs can you eat for $ 90 ? so we said to screw it and went to starbucks and got some coffee and a pastry . way too overpriced to justify .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends and i came here since we had some food vouchers from the grandview . if i have to think up of anything notable to eat , i enjoyed the prime rib , macaroni and cheese , crab legs , and creme brulee . other than that , the food was so-so . it seemed like your average buffet , but not worth the price ( at $ 27.99 for a saturday night ? hmm ) . the only thing i did n't like was the dirty looks that our server gave us . every time he came by us , he kept looking at us weird . we did n't do anything blasphemous to cause a commotion or anything . it was disheartening , but not enough to stop us from enjoying our food . at least that creme brulee was amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i expected more for the price i paid . yes , it 's a buffet . but this was far from what i had expected . the food selections were average , errr ... actually a little below standard to me . the taste were just plain . the crab legs were dry and not moist a all . it does not meet the name as grand buffet as it 's not grand at all ! ! i would not come back for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only ate here because we stayed at the hotel and were hungry ! the $ 30 all day buffet is pretty cool . we only had lunch though . the food was mediocre . nothing special . i would go somewhere else for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food everything was marked if it was gluten free so it made it super easy and worry free . we would definitely go back there again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gourmet buffet on the weekends . seafood bar , carving station , delicious smoked salmon and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e . unlimited draft beer and house wine justifies the price . between options surrounding mgm such as excalibur and luxor this is the better choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a little disappointed at this buffet especially since it was at the mgm grand where i had high hopes of being impressed from what i 've heard about vegas buffets being really good . disappointment set in as soon as i reached the bar for breakfast . the sausage patties were dry , eggs had a rubbery consistency and potatoes were n't fully cooked . fortunately i was hungry enough from walking all over the strip the night before . go ahead and pass on this buffet unless you stumble in drunk , hungry and leave your expectations behind you on the vegas strip !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very high price of buffet for such poor quality of food ( taste , being undercooked and heavily seasoned ) , super dissapointed in such a `` grand '' hotel..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not very excited about this breakfast buffet . food was ok. everything is self serve . get your own drink . food was only warm . did n't seem very fresh . would not pay full price for this buffet . thank you my vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i recall going here almost every time i go to vegas and from what i remember about this buffet is the various selection of food they offer over here . basically its your typical buffet in vegas with nothing i that remember that sticked out except for the crab legs which were very good . but with the $ 25 per person price , its cheaper than the other buffets on the strip . so with the decent buffet food and relatively cheap price for a buffet , its worth the trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so much foooooood ... ... ... .like a warehouse space filled with food ... .. i had the champagne brunch , free champagne before noon makes me hungry", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummy food , nice staff , tasty desserts . went for brunch , very clean buffet areas . nice because they never rushed us or pushed us to go . there was a somewhat long line to get in , good sign for a restaurant . not a super fancy ambiance , but was nice for casual dining . we had a $ 50 food credit because they messed up our room , so it saved us a lot of money . we came on a sunday for brunch . the only big negative was i hated walking through the super smoke filled casino to get to the restaurant . delicious food though and once inside the air was fresh . i wish i was eating there right now : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 29 bucks for food that you could get at a $ 7.99 chuck wagon buffet . do n't waste your time with this one . the service was good , but the food is just sub-par . lots of potatoes , pasta , and bread . everything tastes like it was microwaved in a plastic bag . the crab was pre-cut , which makes it very hard to eat , and dried out . the only saving grace was that this meal was put on the company card .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since our last visit , the quality has gone a bit downhill . there is still plenty there that is tasty , but there was some rib concoction that was really meatloaf and all the pork was overcooked . also , the server we had was the worst in vegas . we had to ask three times for a cup of coffee to start and we we asked for milk for some cereal , our server said okay and we never saw her again . our server was a zero ! i 'm not sure if we will be back . we were disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "average buffet but more than average price . i go here because i dont feel like taking a cab somewhere else . they have good service but nothing to rave about . i prefer going to the wynn buffet", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible ! would n't eat here if it were free . if i could give it zero stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came on a weekday for brunch and it was about $ 40 per person . they have a wide selection of foods : diy noodle bar ( pho , laksa , ramen , udon , etc . ) , sushi ( small selection ) , chinese dimsum , stir-fry and congee , anti-pasto , american soups , diy taco bar , dessert island ( pastries , cake , gelato , cookies , fruit , etc . ) , seafood bar , italian section , fast food items , and the meat section . i love the diy taco bar because it tasted better than expected for a buffet . the price is reasonable considering the wide assortment and quality of foods . i would definitely recommend if you 're looking for a buffet in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i waited for an awesome meal at a place i visited over a decade ago . i remember the prime rib , crab and seafood from before but i was disappointed in the selection this time . it had more chinese , mexican and fruits than i remember . i saw no real potatoe dishes other than mashed . sushi was n't good . however the prime rib as great , crab was abundant and calamari excellent . pre-made salads were not good . my husband is a meat and potatoes and he barely found stuff to eat . i would like to see a price that matches the lack of selection . i would like to see more sushi that tastes good and more hot crab than cold crab .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please do not waste your money on the food here ! ! ! $ 40 -50 on food i think my dog would n't eat ! the `` crab legs '' smelled and tasted nasty ! like they were n't fresh ! not a wide variety to choose from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place has definitely gone down hill . horrible food for $ 39.99 ! do n't waste your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the 1 star goes to the cooks who all were very nice . and the bartender who had a great attitude . i liked the cajun selection since i 'm a big seafood fan but i highly disliked the fact that they did n't tell us they were going to close the buffet 30 minutes after we had entered . i think it is fair to let your customers , who are about to pay $ 50.00 per person , know that they have 30 mins left to eat . beware of shady people , but they fit right in with all mgm casino who seems to want to take every person for every little thing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came at 7:00 pm on a saturday night and found dried up food with poor selection . clean and neat but tasteless food . bread stale . cost was $ 42.00 each .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got a free buffet that was included with my room and i ate here before my lady gaga concert . i think its usually $ 40 a person , and it was really good . i went around 5pm and had to wait a little bit to be seated . its smaller then caeser palace buffet but it def had a lot of options to choose from . the dessert was awesome . the best crab legs ever with melted butter.def the best part here was the crab legs . i had about 2 full plates and was stuffed the whole night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection , satisfies all tastes . service was attentive and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had breakfast and dinner here and compared to the excalibur buffet it 's down right amazing ! they have a pretty good selection and none of what i tried tasted like it had been sitting there a long time . the flavors were usually rich and tasty . the area itself was very clean with a light ballroom atmosphere . i wish they had all day passes like other hotel buffets around the strip have . four solid stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went for the breakfast buffet before getting on a plane to leave fabulous las vegas , i have to say they had just about anything you 'd want for breakfast which was good , i just thought that breakfast should be cheaper than $ 16 + tax . oh well all of the food was actually pretty good for a buffet though and i got my glass of o.j . without a hitch so the service was fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you 'll miss breakfast if you 're up too late with a 100oz drink from fat tuesday . still pricey , and very similar to all the other buffets .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the one star is for the desserts they had which were pretty good - everything else was terrible . we went right when they were switching from lunch to dinner so they were changing out most of the the trays of food . you 'd think , yay , everything is gon na be fresh and hot ! but no.. even the fresh food they put out was dry and overcooked . the cold crab legs and lobster claws tasted so freezer burned they were barely edible . and i 'm pretty happy with just panda express so it 's hard to not please me with chinese food but the asian fare they had was so terrible i took one nibble and pushed my plate away . the italian fare was slightly better but still only tv dinner quality . ( shows how bad the other stuff was ) they made golden corral feel like a fancy buffet . i thought vegas was supposed to be famous for its buffets but apparently not so at the mgm grand . what a waste of money . seriously , do not go here for dinner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this morning i was looking for fresh fruit and a good variety of food to choose from , mgm buffet hit the spot . not only was the fruit fresh and cold there was quite a selection . the variety of food was amazing . this buffet was excellent , not too big or too small . the atmosphere was relaxed and the service was impeccable . i look forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge brunch buffet , my favorite on the strip . it has everything you could crave at any time of the day and the quality is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst buffet i have ever been to and with the price i paid , $ 46.54 with tax for the saturday dinner buffet , i am so disappointed that i just felt it was my civic responsibility to say something ! the pathetic selection and poorly cooked food was appalling . the crab legs were barely fit to eat , just horrible condition . they had breaded fried shrimp that were so fried that they were hard , not edible . they had fried wonton 's in the same condition . nothing was good and there was nothing special . you can get a better buffet at any cheap buffet place . i heard las vegas was famous for good food . this visit is the lowest point of our vacation . be warned . do n't waste your money . and , your time standing in the long lines where you have to wait to get certain bad items that are frugally rationed out is such a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came for prime rib my favorite buffet item it taste like liver ... yuck and looked like a raw hide chew my dog eats rest of food so so but it was cheap price wise..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the mgm grand buffet is not the best buffet i 've been to , but there are a few good items here . the king crab legs are medium sized and are really easy to pull the meat away . with the drawn butter , i easily ate 3 plates of crab meat . the prime rib was also good for a buffet , but make sure you get a medium rare piece . the salad options were good and i thought the veggie pizza was tasty . service is great , the servers refilled my drink and took away dirty plates in a timely manner . they also have a chef grilling steaks and ribs to order , but they were both on the bland side . the dessert bar is plentiful , but not nearly as high of a caliber as aria 's dessert buffet . for a $ 28 dinner buffet , i 'd eat here again only if i had free dining credit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worse buffet i have had . the only good part was the dessert bar . not recommended . food that was out looked like it had been out for hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced and horrible food . i would recommend the buffet at the bellagio . paid just about 30 dollars for the sad attempt , i will just eat elsewhere in lv", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while staying at the hotel for a technical conference , i went to the buffet one time for breakfast . the buffet is rather pricey , starting at $ 20 for breakfast to $ 35 for dinner . though , by vegas standards , it is n't terrible compared to what meals cost at other restaurants . i will say that the selection and quality of food available at the breakfast buffet was impressive and i had no trouble finding a lot of good ( taste wise , anyway ) options to choose from . for the convenience factor as much as selection and relative price , i found the buffet to be a good option for breakfast if you are looking to make a big meal out of it . otherwise , there are options in the food court where you can pay a good bit less for a more targeted selection of breakfast items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely worst buffet i 've been to . also extremely overpriced at about $ 40 per person . i was issued a $ 100 food and beverage credit because mgm messed up our room so i 'm glad i did n't have to pay my own money . i 'd prefer golden corral any day . this buffet is lacking flavor and variety", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a very disappointing buffet in such a nice casino hotel . even though they comp 'd me for all day buffet , i ate here once and that was it ... ..nothing really special , the desert bar is small , salad bar small ... and the hot foods were dry and not tasty at all . i ended up making a salad , ate some fruit , had a glass of orange juice and left very unsatisfied", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there for dinner buffet ... i tried a round of almost everything . quality of food is ok . the ny steak is grill as request ( most of the time ... on 2 of my round at this station , they pulled out pre grilled steaks for me . they were able to find ones that is almost as i requested. ) . the roast beef is good . dessert is not to bad . over all it is just ok . note : my wife had serious run after eating the buffet ... bad enough to go buy imodium the next morning before heading out . i have a mild case . i suspect it is the crab legs . my kids did not eat it and they are ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is pretty good , the service is good too . i really miss the everyday champagne brunch though . they made it weekends only and honestly , i ca n't blame them . there is not a buffet in town ( if there is , please let me know ) that does champagne brunch during weekdays so they could do away with it just fine . however , that also takes away a big appeal for me to go eat here . bring back the champagne weekdays and i 'll be back ! without it , i 'd only eat there if it was convenient . certainly wo n't go out of my way for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "personally i would give 3 stars , my friends wanted to give 5 so we stuck with the median . there is a wide selection of food , but some of it wasnt hot , you have to get your drinks yourself and the order is a bit messy . the scrambled eggs were bad . on the other hand , there is gluten free toast available , lots of nice desserts , the pineapple was amazing and the staff was very nice . although personally i think 34 $ + tip is too much for what you can eat and what you get . we came for brunch on a friday around 10:30 , there was no line ( which is weird , but good cause we didnt have to wait ) . i would have preferred to go to the bacchanal buffet , it seemed better in the reviews..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a standard buffet at a standard price . if your palate is n't particularly refined , you 'll probably love it , and they had a special kids section , if the children in your party are the chicken fingers mac n cheese pizza crowd . otherwise , the food was only okay . it 's worth going to if you 're staying in the hotel and do n't feel like going elsewhere , but it 's nothing to write home about . for a really amazing buffet experience , i suggest the wynn .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh . we actually left one restaurant in vegas that we were n't particularly pleased with to dine here and were kind of disappointed . for all the hype this place was quite expensive and they food was not great . we 'll avoid this one next time around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for the dinner buffet . was able to get it comped from playing the my vegas slots game on facebook . their crab legs were on point ! thy had cold and warm ones . the variety of different foods were great and desserts was a great variety . i might be biased because i was comped but it was not bad . id say your average buffet , one step above luxor and excalibur", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this might be four stars in another city , but you are in vegas and there are too many other great places to eat . the selection is pretty decent but a large selection of mediocre food is still mediocre . and there are no `` premium '' foods when i left - prime rib , chilean sea bass , sashimi , etc . go somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing special.. it was a buffet with decent food.. i remember it being better a few years ago..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "basic food . i honestly do n't really like buffets in las vegas because the food is just not that great . but my husband wanted to come and we were really hungry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing how hit or miss buffets can be , with mediocre being the most you 'd hope for . but wow did this one suck . i 've seen my `` crab legs and taquitos playing in my mashed potatos '' before ... but do n't remember the last time it sucked so bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is without a shadow of a doubt the worst dining experience i have ever had . since the mgm grand is such a nice hotel , i expected the buffet to be equally nice . that was a huge mistake ! i arrived in vegas last friday , absolutely starving might i add , and headed straigt for the buffet . the quality and selection of food was ridiculously poor . i had two plates of hummus with rock hard pita bread and was done . nothing was remotely appealing , other than the exit . i complained to the manager who agreed to credit the price of the buffet to my room . this never happened . another manager then agreed to take care of it , but has failed to do so . what happens in vegas stays in vegas , right ? well this buffet is so bad that i 'm breaking the rules . do youself a huge favor by hiking a few blocks down to the bellagio or the wynn . for $ 5 more you can feast like a king ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a buffet . big money , big food , big people . showed up at 7:00 on a friday night in the summer . about a five minute wait . not too bad . eh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this has to be one of the worst buffets in las vegas . i went for dinner a few weeks ago and paid $ 40 and the quality and variety of food was comparable to a circus circus $ 12 buffet . do n't come here unless they drop the price and add better quality food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok buffets are not my thing but quite honest i had to try this one . my friends suggested it , we went . do n't stand in line , buy your way in at the kiosk that is to the left of the line to pay . for $ 27.99 you get all the champaign you can drink ! let 's face it , two mimosas and breakfast will cost you that amount . the buffet is full of great items including smoked salmon , shrimp , waffles , made to order omelet , desserts , mexican food , and many other items ! i loved the fresh fruit , salad bar , and peel and eat shrimp ! the champaign is free flowing . the staff is very attentive and come by often . there is not a time limit on how long you can stay but do n't over due it ! no doubt there are a number of buffets in vegas but this is not a bad deal for a couple of hours to kill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the worst brunch i 've ever had . awful food . awful service . and expensive . can you really get much worse ? steer clear and do n't ruin your day by eating here . absolutely horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paid for 26.99 for lunch buffet on 6 28 14 worse than kfc nor panda express way too high price and worst service and of course worst food ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mgm grand should put something in their lions mouth like hsbc , because we came out of their buffet with gaping mouths and unsatisfied stomaches . seriously a $ 10'hometown buffet is much better than this and it 's mgm ? they got to be kidding me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "too expensive ! just not a good deal ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the carl 's jr. of las vegas buffets ! ( not even up to chuck a rama 's quality ... ) they are getting one star because our awesome server ana got my 3 year old some plain crab . everything else was so bad i asked for a refund and did n't eat . my husband enjoyed the chili colorado and said he 'd eat that , `` by the bucketful ! '' so be weary when going for lunch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not the best not the worst but buffetts compared to sit down restaurants are usually night and day . the days of the quality buffett are gone for now ... hopefully they do come back to the golden era", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent buffet on the las vegas strip for a reasonable price . food is always fresh and tasty ( i typically go for dinner ) servers are attentive and chefs are able to cater to our needs whenever we come in . definitely save room for dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great buffet ! not sure why everyone is hating on it but it has very good food and is a pretty decent deal . i mean it 's not the top of the line but it 's a great spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in here one afternoon and they were serving champagne brunch . the brunch food was okay , not a ton of selection for a vegetarian who is allergic to nuts though , since a lot of foods involved pesto . i did enjoy their homefries though , they were very tasty , and they also had some very yummy coffee cake . the deserts overall were tasty . my boyfriend thought the food was okay , but would have liked to see a bit more selection . our server was extremely nice and kept our drinks refilled .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "literally every section has the same three items ( bacon , eggs , and sausages ) . there 's a very small selection . this will be my last time eating here . awful food and service during breakfast . i 'm highly disappointed that i wasted my money and time waiting in line .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited the mgm grand buffet again for dinner on friday , december 11th for a party of two . i would again give this buffet solid ratings . we were seated promptly and the persons that were hosting at the top of the ramp as well as the person who seated us were very friendly . in addition , we had an incredibly friendly server as well , who was very attentive . i consistently find the buffet at mgm grand to have such a great selection , while having incredible flavors and tastes . the only issue i had on this evening , was the person by the grill had dollar bills laying everywhere to the one side of the grill . that did n't seem very sanitary .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if our hotel package includes the buffet , i would n't come this buffet . it just proved to me again . we were in a long line and almost my check out time . due to the buffet was included , i asked them if we can pay for it first and wait in line just like everyone else . in that case we can check out and go back to the buffet line without any rush running to the hotel reception just to beat the check out time . but no ... .. , the buffet cashier just looked at me as i was an idiot completely shoot me `` no '' to my face after i explained to them.my 8 year old daughter and i have go back to the long line waiting for paid for the buffet . after that she had to stay in the buffet along for i had to rush to check out . what kind of service is it ? we were not trying to skip any lines just trying to beat the check out deadline . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't go there , food is bad , very cold inside ! worst buffet i 've ever been , i will not comeback here never again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the price is crazy high for mediocre food and it took 15 minutes to get a cup of coffee ... ..after getting up to ask the manager -- -- - crappy service and crappy food , go to mcdonalds you 'll be better off", "score": "1"}
{"review": "simply put . the food at this place is average . just what you would expect from any buffett . in terms of layout and atmospheres hectors your looking for is `` predictable '' . being conveniently located at the heart of the mgm grand casino they have no problem charging you $ 35 a person to get in . if there is anything good i can say about this place it 's that they did have a big variety to choose from . from pizza to crab legs you will likely find whatever your craving here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a memory from my trip to vegas as a kid of the mgm grand buffet being amazing . i probably should have thought that one through ... anyway , the buffet itself was distinctly average . the selection was n't as great as i would have thought and the food itself was simply acceptable . some random casino i went to in suburban chicago had a much better buffet which was slightly shocking . i did leave feeling full and satisfied but in the back of my mind i wished i had tried some of the other buffets i had heard good things about ( and have higher yelp ratings ) . probably not worth the 36 bucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the nasty food was gross . stay out of this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i thought it was good for $ 25 ... lots of choice and good quality . desserts were good which not often the case in buffets . good option for a late breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is only for the bunch ... cost 27.00 , way to expensive for what they dish out ! ! try the mandalay bay , you wo n't be disappointed ! ! ! trust me ! ! ! sorry mgm , items very weak go look at the bay ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here ! food was ok ! they were fresh but not so many choices 4 lunch . good breakfast section & salad bar ! no fish only fried fish & chicken . i was kinda of disappointed when i figured out no salmon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! not a good dessert either ! definitely i am not gon na spend $ 65.00 there ! ! ! ! customer service was good", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well pleasantly it was pretty good food . we ate at the bellagio buffet a couple days ago and i would say this one is better . the food was fresh , yes it 's $ 30 a person which is the price at most buffets . start playing myvegas and get that bogo ! maybe it 's because we got here at a decent time which may effect the freshness of the food , but well worth it . i would have given a 4 star review but our server was n't the greatest . she did get better as the night went on , however went to the dessert station and that gal was not so friendly too . food great , service eh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed for dinner yet wish i did n't . there was n't a decent amount of variety . for the price you could go to any other buffet and enjoy yourself . the mexican section was hidden away in a corner . i could see why with your typical chicken fajitas and ranchero beans . dessert lacked as well . i could barely taste any flavor from anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "glad i didnt read the reviews before going or i would never had eaten here spent christmas day dinner here and really enjoyed it great beef ribs ! ! ! ! a very good key lime pie tart our server was great , quick with clearing plates and bringing new sodas", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 of us had bogos for our 6 person group . i loved the buffet . sure the food was not incredible , but it 's a buffet . i loved everything i had . the fried chicken and the prime rib was delicious . after several trips and constant refills from the all-you-can drink menu i definitely was satisfied . my mom became sick in the middle of the night and we are not sure if it was the shrimp she had there or something else throughout the entire day . the rest of us had an amazing experience , so i 'm not sure the buffet is to blame .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the worst buffet i have had in vegas so far and i have been to quite a few trust me . if you are looking for anything even medium quality please do n't waste your money . we paid 58 dollar for sunday brunch for two . variety was limited . for breakfast , just one stale pancake station , no french toast , overly sweet syrup , no omelette , dried scrambled egg . everything fried was over done and so oily ! 2 salads and the items for make your own salad were so limited my work cafeteria has better selection . then there was mexican station which did n't have any sauces even after asking . i expected better from mgm buffet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sea food was great and endless . they will prepare it to your satisfaction . the breakfast was just as good . service was attentive and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there was a lot of food , but nothing was really great . well the desserts were . it 's overpriced and it took forever to get something to drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ill keep this short : endless mimosas . a $ 2.50 add on . amazingg .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was delish . some of it was meh , but its a buffet and people have different tastes . good service , just a little slow and we got out table cleared when getting up ! ! so did another guy too , but if i were a buster here and the group was gone i might assume they left too , i 'm sure it 's what people normally do.. so all in all i am happy .fixed up my mini hangover pretty well . desserts looked scrumptious too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so for the price i would n't go back it was 60.00 for the 2 of us . food was good but very random choices . we were here during brunch , and it was pleasantly quiet . service was good . our table was cleaned quickly and staff was friendly . but nothing really stood out that would make me revisit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply put , way not worth the money ! other than the roasted section , all cuisine gets shaking heads from the origin ! and there are n't even much ! 10 min . into it , we actually ran out of choice ! if you ca n't get enough meal credit staying @ the hotel , pay $ 10 more and go to aria or wynn , you will have a much better experience !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch the day after my 21st and do n't remember it being as spectacular as others have described . i do remember the line stretching out to circus circus and the variety of food being underwhelming . definitely beats hometown buffet but for $ 20+ at lunchtime , they are n't the greatest deal on the strip , either . the quality of food seemed a notch above some others on the strip but it is definitely a bit overpriced considering the lack of variety . i would rather eat at pharaoh 's pheast .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had dinner and for the price was not worth it . we will never go back . i enjoy the breakfast at imperial palace . mary", "score": "1"}
{"review": "before our trip i called to verify prices so we could figure out where to eat and so i was given the prices , but upon arriving at the front of the line they uped the prices due to a conference being at the hotel . it was $ 20 extra for us and then the same thing happened the next morning because apparently they were serving the champagne brunch on the weekday ... .another $ 25 extra for hubby and i . we were definitely unhappy about the sudden price increase and then the subpar food ended up making both of us sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to say.. in my opinion the buffet had good choices that were tasty ! did n't find it to be not too much or not too flavorful at all . i did go for breakfast so maybe dinner is different but i thought it was an okay buffet . especially for what you pay for it was only $ 18 a person which for what you get it 's not too bad ! you get your own drinks which was different but we also liked it because we did n't feel we had to tip too excessively . overall it was a decent buffet ( again for the price . ) wish it would have included at least one mimosa or something but other than that i do n't have a complaint !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mgm grand buffet is definitely worth visiting in vegas . staff is very supportive , especially the buffet manager megan is awesome and very kind . we were group of 4 and were looking for asian stir fry rice and stir fry vegetables , when i saw megan , she helped out with the needed food for my party . btw , champagne and mimosa are included in the sunday brunch ( check out for other days ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like old , been on `` eternal simmer , cooked early in the day '' selections this is the place for you ! i 'd rather eat sh t on a stick . paying to get in here is like a kick in the crotch . you get what you pay for . ps . the guy with the video of the buffet : dude did you eat at the same place i did ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used mlife points for 2 for 1 buffet last night . wow $ 40 each for this buffet was ridiculously overpriced ! i did enjoy prime rib and lamb . what disappointed me the most is that the food temperatures were not correct with serving hot meals . not only did we over pay , but my food was somewhat cold . my biggest issue when paying for a meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at first sight , this buffet was everything i could dream of , but that quickly turned to disappointment . there were a lot of stations with different types of cuisine like mexican , american , chinese , and italian , and i tried all of them . the problem was that while they all looked great at their stations , as soon as they were back at our table , they were cold and dry . i did admire their selection and stuff myself with food . i just wish it would have tasted as good as it looked .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i feel sorry for anyone who pays money to eat here . just do yourself a favor and steer clear of this buffet ! not only is it expensive , on memorial day weekend our family paid $ 42 per person - i imagine on a regular day it 's a little less - but the food is some of the lowest quality buffet food i 've had . exception : the lamb was good as was some of the desserts , namely cheesecake . the seafood that they offered , snow crab legs and tiny shell-on shrimp . c'mon , like i feel bad that people actually think snow crab is that tasteless ! ! for the record , seafood is actually super sweet when fresh and prepared right . i ended up eating pizza , which was n't that good anyhow . but who really goes to a buffet to eat carbohydrates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this buffet is crap if you eat here at least once a day , which we did for 5 days during our stay . lunch is basically leftovers from the previous night 's dinner , but guess what , the menu never changes ! it 's the same stuff every day . however , one day , there was ny steak straight from the grill , but the price per person shoots up to like $ 40 ( not worth it for just steak and the same stuff ) . one extra star for the frozen yogurt at the dessert area , which i never got sick of .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a buffet , so adjust your expectations accordingly . i enjoyed the spring rolls , the chicken fajitas , the brazilian sausage and the mint chocolate gelato . the fresh waffles were also a nice touch . this is n't destination dining , but there 's a ton of unlimited food and that 's a nice thing when you 're working off a hangover .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wife and i are in vegas for the 4th weekend and are doing some gambling . we decide to try the mgm buffet and the fact that there was n't a 2 hour wait like the other buffets should have screamed not to eat there but we were hungry and thought we got lucky . the first thing my wife gets is some broccoli and as she is about to go for a bite she notices a long black hair wrapped around the broccoli . not on it like it may have blown there but actually wrapped around it like it was cooked together mixed . i tell our server who gets the manager and he apologizes and comps both our meals . normally i would have just left but hunger wins out and i give them the benefit of the doubt . basically i was being stupid from the start . the food is very mediocre and i 'm pretty sure me and my wife both deserve to have the runs we 're currently suffering through . do not eat here ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very upset with mgm grand buffet.you can not imagine with the food cost is totally $ 26.99 per person that is included drink and food.food is dry and soup is horrible and also the servicer was very bad service.can you imagine drink come after we get the food.i can see only a few table on here.cost $ 26.99 and also i called them asking for the discount because it show on the ticket will get15 % off then we go to the cashier is sad , they can not do it for us but that is not the point.the point , food is not for the human is for feed your animal", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first trip to vegas and i had heard from multiple people that the buffets are wonderful . while i enjoyed the breakfast buffet here it did n't seem to be anything special . i loved the variety and unique selections but nothing was that outstanding . the only thing that was truly amazing was the dessert bar that was open in the morning . i love sweets so this made my visit complete . i would say it 's a little pricey for the quality but if i stayed at the hotel again , i 'd come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "crab was salty , food was cold and look like it had been sitting out all day . sushi roll was all rice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not so great . over rated . food tastes ok , nothing great . also , some of the stations were closed , so we had less choices to pick from . only liked the italian station . we went on sat brunch , but still not much variety to choose from . not worth the money ... i would rather go to paris `` the village buffet ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a disappointment ! the food at our local hospital cafeteria is so much better ! the `` prime rib '' was steamed . the turkey breast dry . the salads were messy . the sushi rolls tasted `` off '' . and to add insult to injury we were seated in kiddie land . why ? we had no children with us . and we were seated where all the children ( i counted 12 , with different families tables , under the age of 5 ) were going ultra sonic . there were plenty of tables available elsewhere . we pointed this out to the hostess who pointed to a table ... .2 feet away . duh . very annoying experience . this buffet was much better in 2004 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to vegas this past weekend and spent $ 800 at the casinos ... yet left vegas very happy . i ate at the mgm grand buffet and spent $ 85 ... yet left feeling very ripped off . seriously two adults was $ 80 and that price did n't include alcohol . this would have been okay if the buffet had been amazing , but it was n't . they had one small line of breakfast food that was not above the quality one gets at denny 's for $ 4.99 . other stuff was dry and or cold and the selection was meager . they just do n't give a crap and obviously this place exists for the people needing to use their comp points . after i walked inside , the first thing i thought to myself was `` i knew i should have yelped this place first ! '' als , it was too late . anyway , lesson learned . if you want food , find another place . i do n't care if you just won $ 100,000 , this is not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing spectacular . i guess its ok if you happen to have comped buffet tickets to here or you have no choice at all . food was ok. service was great though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i came here at 7 in the morning surprisingly not hung over but overly exhausted from the night prior . so on the weekends brunch is a wowzing $ 29 . personally found that a tad outrageous but still they do offer endless mamosas so who can really say no to that . so i get in for breakfast at 8 , someone takes my order and off to the bar i go , i 'm carded naturally being 22 . next is the make your own omelet station which i was very pleased with . my server was quite kind and gave me loads of advice on whether or not i should visit zion national park or not . the end all decision is a yes and i 'm absolutely stoked about it . i have to admit the staff here pays very close attention to you and i respect mgm for that . next stop is the bellagio !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok buffet . i was a little surprised by the low ratings on yelp . it was also why when i stayed at mgm grand , i did not come here . this one time i got food credits from hotel promotions and decided to check this place out . after reading yelp reviews , i did not hold high expectations . did i enjoy the food ? sure . do i think it is worth the $ $ it charges for ? not really . the selection is good . good variety . i was pretty happy with my meal and enjoyed the food and drink . the server was actually much more attentive than some other buffets on the blvd . so i guess i understand the low ratings . i do n't necessarily recommend mgm buffet because there are lots of other better options in the area . however , if you get free food and beverage credit , then check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spend the extra money and go to a nicer buffet . this is not the epitome of the vegas buffet . this is more like `` hometown buffet '' than a vegas buffet . it was overpriced for the food that was there and we were there on a weeknight and there was a lot of food that was constantly out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not worth the money . 30 dollars a person . the wait staff was very attentive but the food got cold before you got back to your table . if you do n't mind sushi it 's not bad . wide variety of sushi but nothing else . overall i would skip this buffet if we 'll ever go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had to wait for crab legs too . soup is cheap but not a single bowl around . the plates are in one location and if need some meat have to walk go get the plates at the other end . it would make sense to have several location for plates . you better off somewhere else only good thing worth mentioning deserts were delicious", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for breakfast . thankfully , we had a free buffet coupon ; the experience would have been much worse if we had to pay for it . food was mediocre at best ( and i think that 's being generous ) . some of the items tasted more like dish soap than the food it was supposed to taste like . baked items were hard old and did n't taste good . our waitress was very friendly , at least .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not bad . the prime rib was over cooked but otherwise was good . great variety and especially liked the fresh guacamole with plenty of cilantro . service staff was very attentive and great deserts including gelato .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "little pricey for a hotel buffet . food was good . the place was pretty empty when i was there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok ... so for $ 31.99+ per person i 'd much rather dine at a restaurant ... but hubby likes eating at an all-you-can-eat joint hence the buffet . we ate brunch here and they have everything from sushi..to egg and chorizo flautas ( which i particularly liked ) to deep fried twinkies.. to a nice selection of hand carved , bone in meats . your $ includes the regular variety of sodas..teas and coffee..plus an all you can drink mimosa bar . the wait in line was minimal . as was the wait at the omelet counter . overall a decent buffet meal and the staff is not in a hurry to rush you off your table when your finished eating . ( i 've had other places take the plates right out from under my forked fisted hand..mid bite ! ) worth a try if you 've got a decent appetite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the worst buffet i 've ever been to . went here for breakfast and the only thing i enjoyed was my omelette because it was freshly made , and the fruits and waffles . the employees are very friendly as well . but the food overall , i grade a c , and that 's being generous . i never write bad reviews but for what you 're paying and for the hotel we 're staying at , i expected better . the service was very good though , very attentive to their customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a huge disappointment . i was really wondering if the comments were true so we took a chance and we lost big time they only had 4 little rows opened with very very small selection of food . the only reason why they even got 2 stars at all was because of the desert selection . on the upside the staff is very friendly the environment is very pleasant and clean i love the pictures on the wall but that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "given that almost every restaurant at the mgm seems pricey , the buffet is not too bad . it is totally self serve and has a good assortment of items . like marriage , though , it seems like a never ending selection of half-baked choices . if you are there late in the serving for a meal they will start bringing out dishes for the next meal so you will have even more items . nice desserts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i expected way better tasting food than this for mgm .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here is lacking . disappointed on this morning dining service . i was going to the buffet to get a nice breakfast before returning home but was hammered with dinner entrees on the menu at 11am ! ? ! ? ! they were dumping the breakfast entrees in the trash ! ! ! if it was n't fried in cheap batter or drowned in thick sauce , the entrees were either too salty , too bland , overcooked , or left out too long . did n't receive a refill and had to stack a plate on top of a previous one . the sweet and sour tofu & sesame balls were good but that is it . the budget cuts are showing in the quality of the food . this place used to be the bomb but its turning into circus buffet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1980 's decor meets hometown buffet . if you are doing the obligatory buffet , choose another . the crab legs were okay , nothing special . the rest of the food was also okay too . $ 51.25 for two people with no comps . cocktails are expensive ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was just ok . nothing to rave about . almost 90 bucks for two people . definitely not worth that price . i 'd rather eat at wicked spoon for that price . friendly staff but does n't make up for the tasteless food . go somewhere else if you want a great dinner choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible buffet for such a large hotel and at $ 30.00 a person it should be at least good . at least our waitress was very hospitable and quick . you know you are in trouble when dessert is not good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i read the reviews , i looked at the menu , and i still went here . bad decision . i figured , breakfast would be better though . for a breakfast buffet , selection is limited . being the largest hotel in the country , could mgm not muster up a better breakfast buffet ? here are some of my highlights . biscuits and gravy : hard small pucks with `` sausage '' gravy that had the consistency of vegetable oil . corned beef hash : actually pretty good . potatoes cooked nicely and hash was decent . there were your staple of bacon , scrambled eggs , fruit and some others , but nothing unique . and the standards just were n't that good . there was a desert bar with pies , cup cakes and ice cream , but again very much mediocre . for $ 58 three people , probably a decent value as far a vegas goes , but skip it and go to the food court .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was mine and my bf 's first time at that buffet . we did n't want to eat there at 1st because it was a bit pricey for our budget . they let us look inside before we decided to eat there . they have a lot of good options ; soups , salads , seafood , meat , sushi , dumplings , egg rolls , pickled veggies , mexican food , about 5 flavors of ice cream , a bunch of desserts , fruit & some other things , theres too much to mention . you can order alcohol for extra cost but soft drinks , juice , ice tea and coffee are included . we were full and happy . i would love to go there again when ever we 're in vegas . i suggest you ask to look inside before you pay so you know if thats what you want to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a disappointment ! a step down even from country buffet . the food was unhealthy and prepared in a boring way . the quality was low . the service was almost as bad as the food . we had coupons to eat there for free and even free was paying too much . i expected more from the mgm grand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with a 2-4-1 myvegas coupon for brunch so the price was great , but the food was okay and service was spotty at best . large assortment for brunch , especially for dessert . the sushi before 10am freaked me out so i steered clear . nothing was all that memorable from this meal except for the poor service ( i had to get up and ask the waiters standing around chatting to get a refill on drinks ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'd suggest passing by and go to the buffet at belagio . food was kept too long under the heat lamp and this was at noon . i always say you ca n't screw up fruit . but this place did by serving canned fruit cocktail and peaches .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the not so grand buffet . it is neither big nor good . this place is like 1 3 of the size of the bellagio or paris buffets . the selection is very limited . their food is really bland . for the price i paid for dinner , i should have just walked up the street to paris . their crab legs were tiny and tasty fishy . their prime rib had no flavor what-so-ever . their desserts were not too impressive either . only thing going for this place is that there was no line , but i guess i figured out why .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the weekend dinner buffet with unlimited beer and wine . came out to $ 43.00 . seafood was good . steaks and roast were very good . lots of veggie selections . service is really good too . desserts were not so good though , was a little disappointed with that . worth it though if you are super hungry and not really into fast food . take your time and pack it in", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad , bad , bad . mmmm not bad : terrible ! . the food selection , the quality , the service , everything is really missing in this place . i went because i had a hotel credit for staying there ( which the hotel did n't honor when checked out ) expecting something good . i knew from the beginning that it was n't the best buffet in vegas , but i was n't expecting something so bad . the table next to us , was having the same impression about it so it 's not me being picky , it 's just a terrible and totally forgettable place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is good , but food quality and selection leaves a lot to be desired for the price . go elsewhere if you want a buffet . also , dinner is almost exactly same as lunch selection although they charge a lot more . sadly disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for brunch on a weekend and paid $ 30 drinks inclusive . food was okay but variety was scarce . this place is just like your regular nothing-special suburban buffets that charges $ 10 person . wo n't be going back to this buffet . i 'd rather go to their food court and get my money 's worth . plus , the one server was nice but she did n't stop talking to us for a good 15mins ! lol she was sweet , but really , we need some personal space .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible . all the food here tasted like it was reheated from 3 days ago . everything was cold . have n't they heard of sternos in this hotel ? i paid 30 dollars for a buffet of pure garbage . go to the rio buffet . it 's the best in town so far .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for breakfast and it was n't that impressive . they did have chicken apple sausage which was tasty and surprisingly their desserts were really diverse for breakfast . i had a two for one deal ... .without that would definitely not pay regular price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this buffet was not good , the food was heavily salted and ultimately unappetizing . for being at a hotel on the strip where the competition is most likely fierce i would expect better . the hotel however did have a promotion which included the buffets with my room , which was nice because i payed absolutely nothing for my meals .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this hotel buffet was pretty okay just the wait is super long ... ... ... i would n't come back because of the wait here ... ... .. it 's a cool place over all thoe ... . rather go to luxor ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sucks . do not come here . i paid almost 80 bucks on new years holiday to eat here and i seriously barfed right after . im assuming most of the food was made somewhere else , frozen and warmed up at the mgm . the food at the buffet was unattended and old . gag", "score": "1"}
{"review": "( note : my recommendation of the buffet might be tinted as result of several glasses of crown royal consumed beforehand ) . i bonded with the lady doling out the crabs ' legs . i could n't stop eating them . on my fourth visit , she started pulling out the claws for me . do n't waste your time eating anything else though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and all you can drink ! about $ 50 for both . that is expected in vegas . i had a good experience , i would come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not many options for people with food allergies they also do n't list ingredients on the food , their food tasted like it was precooked and frozen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not worth $ 40 per person buffet . the place is clean however the food selection is very poor . i can find exactly same selection in my local $ 10 per person ayce chinese buffet . the servers were nice at least but what a rip off . the only reason we went into this place is because it was very close to the show ( ka show ) that we were going . the crab legs were cold and dried up that it was missing the actual meat . no special menu that i would enjoy from other restaurant . a random guy who was walking by even warned us not to go there but we were thinking , hey , it 's vegas , how bad can it be ? please be warned . it is a complete rip off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "alaskan king crab . amazing . also their mediteranian mid east food was quite good . the wait to get in was a bit long , but manageable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to some excellent buffets in vegas , and this was not one of them . we went for breakfast , and for spending $ 50 for the two of us , we did n't get near as much or as good of food as i expected . they offered drinks , but they were n't included in the price ( not even mimosas ) . the food was n't that great , and i expected to get a lot of seafood because of the pictures outside , but besides some sushi and salmon , that was n't the case . i recommend the luxor 's buffet instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't go here . there are plenty of other buffets in vegas within the same price range with better food and service . our server never showed up , not to mention the food was bland and cold . tons of variety like others have mentioned but not one dish was worth $ 35 a person for dinner . you 're better off going somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "because the greeter , the guy george who sat us and the guy boiling crab legs . other than that the selection was scarce since we ate around 9 pm . there was n't anything exciting about the sushi or the meats . the meat cutter who was asian was giving small slices and was n't very friendly . for a total of $ 64 for 2 people for a buffet in vegas you would expect the buffet to be at least 4-5 stars however i felt like i was in a regular hometown buffet where all there was good to eat was one item : chicken !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is cool for what it is . for those who want a good las vegas buffet , without the lines of the trendy spots . you do n't get as much selection , but there 's all the regular mainstays : alaskan crab leg and prime rib , a good choice of desserts . then , you can deal with the lackluster sushi . who cares ? i 'll take the prime rib .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! came here for lunch one day during my mgm stay and enjoyed it for what it was . loaded up on things i really enjoyed here- ravioli , salad , etc . some of the stuff had obviously been out too long but i knew it was par for the course . dessert fruit was really well done , very fresh and a great assortment . worth the money ? barely , but pretty delicious . your $ 20 might go toward something nicer at wolfgang puck on the other side of the building but it wo n't get you nearly as much loaded up on your plate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "evening buffet is brilliant , steak was beautiful , get a booth as tables are small , ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i expected so much better from a place like mgm , considering it seemed that there was a lot of thought into everything they 've done . but i was n't really impressed with the buffet here . the food was admittedly fresh , but the flavours just was n't there , and there was definitely a lack in food variety , considering the price you are paying for it . the waitress service however , i can not fault , even though at the beginning it seemed a little confusing , as we had to change table 3 times before we got to the one we were supposed to be sitting on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "highly priced mediocre food . not recommended . if you have a special diet ( e.g vegetarian ) is even worse - i found calamari pieces in the plate serving `` vegetarian '' egg-rolls . in general the food is not tastey and large amounts do n't compensate for poor quality . for $ 40 a person you can get a nice dinner elsewhere ( and if you are off the strip that will get you even further.. ) . not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here for dinner on our way to see cirque show ka . we did n't read the reviews first-big mistake . i ca n't even call it mediocre . the food was terrible . not worth the comps ... definitely not worth the price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you 're better off spending $ 10-20 more for decent food at one of the other restaurants nearby . nearly everything i tried was either overcooked , dry , or just tasted terrible . they only thing i found appetizing was the frozen yogurt and that alone is n't worth paying near $ 40 ( tip included ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went and checked in . wow ... brunch buffet was $ 108 for 2 kids and 2 adults . pretty much all the food was good , and i loved the desserts too . but i will say that the mac and cheese was the worst mac and cheese i had ever had . it had no flavor to it . but everything else tasted delicious . i would rate it 5 stars , but the price was outrageous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for dinner . there is something to suit every taste , from prime rib and crab legs to friend chicken and pizza . the food is average , the desserts are below average . that said , at $ 30 per person , it 's less expensive than most strip dinner buffets . if you are seeing an early show in the mgm grand , consider eating here beforehand .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a buffet that i 'd recommend in vegas ! the lay out and design is poor . i know that does n't seem important , but it is . when you have people going in a million different directions with plates piled high , small children darting all around and very little space to move in - it 's a disaster waiting to happen ! the actual counter space is pretty expansive , but they only use half of it and cram it all together . this is what creates the cluster ! the offerings on the buffet are fairly dull . not a lot of flavor to any of the dishes . the only items worth checking out are shrimp & crab legs . the crab legs are sliced right down the middle which makes easy retrieval of the meat without little effort - perfect ! the seafood is only offered at certain times of the day so make sure you 've timed it right before throwing down the cash .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the mgm grand and all of the other resorts but i was just in las vegas and have the mgm grand buffet and this line to start was ridiculous i am a rewards card holder and they told me that the line was not open for me so i had to wait in the long line with everyone while other with the same card as me was going through . and then to top it off when i went to get my food the plates were disgusting i hope they read this and redo buffet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disgusting . first off , the server was horrible . she did n't listen and got several drink orders wrong . she also took up to 20 minutes before getting drinks and refills . the food selection was abysmal . and the taste was worse . things tasted stale , like they set out too long , old , and unseasoned . i would never return to this buffet or recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the saddest buffets i have ever seen in a casino . the options were extremely limited , maybe 25 food options , and nothing was that tasty . even the breads were cold and hard . certainly not worth the steep price for it . much better buffets are to be had on the strip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was really disappointed in this place . the food is terrible . everything does n't look appetizing . not a lot of food selection . the presentation of the food is horrible . never coming back to this place anymore : ( just a waste of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "breakfast was $ 32 per person and not even as good as golden coral or old country buffet . did get mimosas included .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is perfect for breakfast while in vegas and that 's exactly what we did . it cost $ 38 total ( no alcohol ) but it was absolutely worth it . i loved being able to get exactly what i wanted each day for breakfast and the cost was pretty on par with most food places in vegas . is it the best buffet out there ? no , but it definitely hit the spot and we were full enough to make it through till lunch without having any other food . both of us enjoyed the hot fresh coffee and the staff there are all super nice . i 'm not sure how busy it really gets each day because we got there around 7:30-8am everyday and we never had to wait in line . if you 're staying at mgm , definitely grab breakfast here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ( minus the pizza.. dough was chewy ) great service ( staff was friendly and efficient at picking up plates and refilling drinks ! ) great prices ( we had a 2 for 1 ) the interior was nice . casual but not too casual . overall had a great time . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we thought this buffet with crab legs , and prime rib dinner to be great . no disappointments . i would recommend this buffet . food is fresh , taste great , service is perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no . with all of your other options in vegas for buffets ( wicked spoon , bacchanal ) , this just does n't cut it . food was dry , sitting out too long , and the cheaper price attracts a ... cheaper crowd ... if you know what i mean . you 're in vegas , spring for the good buffet !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the best ... . large variety but by the time i got to my seat , every single item i got was cold ! ! ! kinda let down ... the staff were friendly and upbeat . we will try again for lunch or dinner ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "basically , you are getting what you are paying for ! for $ 30 you ca n't complain about the food quality ... they have a wide selection of dishes some are really good . the place is clean and the staff are amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why oh why did n't i listen to my fellow yelpers ? silly me , i will not sin again ! i wanted something quick and easy for lunch for my last day in vegas and opted for the mgm grand lunch buffet . it was ok . the space was very nicely decorated and inviting . the service was s-l-o-w . the food was ok at best . frankly , it was no different than what one can get at a golden corral or sizzler in about any city in the country . nicely presented but way under seasoned . everything kinda tasted the same . frankly , at $ 25 , i felt a bit abused . oh well , lesson learned ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the very first buffet i ever went to in vegas . and back then it was great ! ! ! ! now as time has passed i hate to say it they have slipped in the ranking . dont get me wrong the food is still good but not what it once was . the prices though have staied high but the food is not up to par anymore . even the roundtable buffet is a little bettter now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came for lunch and it was n't great ... tried it again for dinner and it was fabulous . i guess they wait to put the good food out for later ... not sure . it 's not too expensive . rarely a wait . there is a variety of food , seafood and steak were delicious . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here last night and i must say it is expensive . three people costs 97.00 with tax . we ordered 3 beers and that was an additional $ 14 . the food quality was ok but nothing that i would say separates mgm grand buffet from a circus circus buffet - honestly , you are better off going down the strip to eat not sure if it 's that no one is gambling and they have to raise the prices or if it 's just a matter of them pricing it high because they think they can . staff was nice and the deserts were ok - the rest was sub par , the meat selections were minimal and the seafood selection was a joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "charged my card an extra 12 dollars for no apparent reason and now i 'm trying to get them to give me back the money they stole . got the money back . overpriced for food of low quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "goldman coral has more variety and more fresh buffett than mgm . i would not recommend wasting 32 $ for such limited variety and tasteless experience . they had only 2 tables and 1 chef working . 1 desert table with more unsavory foods . that after waiting in a line for no reason . this buffet is an embarrassment to lv .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : huge variety . wonderful staff . cons : price - i think it was $ 39.99 per person for dinner . the overall taste of the food was not good . i would not recommend this buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the buffet was $ 40 for dinner . their selection was kind of small compared to other buffets . the bbq ribs , prime rib and fried chicken was good . wine and beers are include . the service was okay . we had to get our own drinks . the seafood bar is were you get your money 's worth . the line is crazy long . it was a boil were you pick what you wanted and the chef cooked it up . i ordered the crab legs and cake . they were good . this buffet is ok compare to the other ones . i would n't come back to this one since there are better ones .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only time i 'll let you eat at the mgm buffet instead of wicked spoon at the cosmopolitan is if you absolutely need a steak roast and are too hammered to move . otherwise you 're just being dumb . you 'll pay a lot ( its vegas ) , next to a noisy casino floor ( its vegas ) , with staff who could care less about you ( its vegas ) , but it 'll be massively overindulgent ( its vegas ) . steak is nice and juicy , crab legs are not , the other buffet staples ( pasta , chow mein , fruit , etc . ) are below average and disappointing because the mgm is a veritable mega-opolis on the strip . after paying a visit to hakassan or the casino floor all you really want to do is binge at a bomb buffet , but the mgm one just does n't cut it . not a disaster by any means , so not 1-star worthy , but if you 're on the strip you have options and so this should n't make the cut .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was free with my hotel stay - for breakfast it was good . not wow , but good . and bonus : free with hotel stay . grazers enjoy . . . the troughs where full of pork products , fruit , eggs , cakes , pies , pancakes , ham etc . . . very well stocked for just a breakfast . cook to order omelettes ( nom and nom btw ) . . . as well as short order egg orders . service was very good , something that caught me by surprise - too many times at these las vegas free comp breakfasts it is lucky to get a refill on a beverage - the staff was outstanding . kudos to them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually get a chance to come here whenever i 'm in the area , but it 's a buffet , & i 'm really not into the entire buffet experience.. but last time i came , i remember stuffing myself to the point i could n't handle it anymore.. but was it worth it ? no . there are plenty of other buffets up the strip , most notably the bellagio 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent breakfast buffet . i liked the omelet station . some stuff was fresh and others tasted like they had been out a while . but decent selection for $ 15 . ours was free with our hotel stay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we booked our room at mgm and they threw in free food . the food here is average at best and the selection is kinda of limited . it 's not like the food is bad here but there are a lot of places better than this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eat the tabouli . that 's about i 'll i can say about this buffet . everything else is service-grade food ... not terrible , but essentially generic . the pizza tasted of chef boyardee sauce . the tex-mex section looked good , but was really bland . the deserts were decent . not worth the entry fee unless you got a discount or planned on spending the day there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sorry mgm , lack of variety , overpriced garbage is not acceptable . 1st and last time for me . luckily we did not pay full price or it would almost be considered fraud . i 've had better buffets in downtown for less than ten bucks a person . shame on you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this buffet two or three times , and i have n't been disappointed . my very positive experiences have come from dining on seafood and otherwise vegetarian dishes . my favorite thing is the made-to-order mashed potato cakes . i also enjoyed the mexican foods , especially the chiles rellenos . i think the cooked crab legs with seasoning were tastier than the cold king crab legs you get from an actual server behind the buffet . note that the cooked legs in the regular buffet section are served warm . the sushi is not too shabby . the service , as far as drinks and plate clean-up go , was very good and earned a decent tip . the desserts are not to be missed !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here with my roommate for dinner and the food was n't great . they have a good amount of selections though . i liked the desserts but they did n't have many to offer . best part of my meal was the mac n ' cheese , and that 's not sayiing much..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a dissapointing buffet ... i would rather pay more to eat at other fine restaurants . we went there for lunch and paid $ 24 a person . save your money and go elsewhere . the better selection for me were the steak , pork , desserts , and shrimp coctail . our waitress were rude ... maybe this is an isolated incident..cause anyone can have a bad day . but it took forever to get our drinks..man..we almost choked cause food were stuck in out throat..give me something to drink ! .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here because i got a free buffet with my stay at the mgm grand . the food was n't that great and the staff was whatever . most likely will never come here again i had a better experience at the aria buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for brunch with 3 other friends and it was pretty good . it 's not the best buffet on the strip , but it 'll do . we were able to upgrade our brunch to include mimosas for an extra $ 2.50 . that 's not too shabby . the selection was great , but the quality in some of the dishes was a bit lacking . for example , the mashed potatoes and the scrambled eggs from the breakfast area tasted institutional and the pizza was straight from the local school cafeteria . it was pretty hit-or-miss with the selections having good taste , but it was adequate . the service was very good though and thus i gave 3 stars instead of 2 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "planned my day around thinking that we could have brunch here on a friday afternoon . website states that weekend champagne brunch is friday-sunday . we got ready and walked 15 mins to the buffet to find out that the brunch is only on fridays during special events . to management : please update your website so that people do n't make plans according to wrong information . it ruined the start of my day because i would have planned it completely different if i would have known that the buffet was not offered on friday . i even called before but the wait was so long that i gave up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . i went to the breakfast lunch buffet and thought everything tasted pretty darn good ! it was $ 18 per person , well-stocked , and a ton of different options . i felt the quality was good enough to try to sushi which was kind of a meh at most of the buffets ( i would n't suggest it ) but otherwise i would go back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet sucks dick . selection was very minimal . meats were pretty bland . i 've had better meals at hometown buffet . i only liked the desserts . that was the best part .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed the selection the mgm buffet offered . my husband and i like to eat different things , so buffets work out well for us . we both really liked the steak with peppercorn sauce ( one of the best peppercorn sauces i have ever had ) and the pot roast with cilantro ( amazing and i 'm still trying to figure out the recipe ) . my husband enjoyed the seafood and i loved the salad bar , although they should add an non creamy dressing option like italian or oil and vinegar . the deserts were fantastic and small so you could sample several without feeling overly stuffed . we ca n't wait to return the next time we are in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for breakfast two days in a row ! there were a lot of options and they were all yummy . i loved the corned beef hash and the pastry popovers . juan at the omelette station egg station is such a treat and is so hard working , omelettes were wonderful . all of the foh staff were very friendly and kind and the bussers were always making sure no empty plates lingered . as mentioned above , i went there two days in a row and all of the options were exactly the same . it felt a little repetitive and might have been nice if there was more of a different variety the next day . nonetheless , the food was very yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here a few days before new years with my dad and it was definitely a nice experience . i believe some of the reviews are somewhat harsh , but this is the famous mgm hotel so i guess it does n't deserve any sympathy . the buffet had amazing ribs , crab legs , and numerous other dishes that were delicious but i feel they could of had more variety given the high cost and location . the few downsides , other than the price , was definitely how packed the actual buffet was , but you ca n't really take any points away from them for that . if you 're in the mgm and want something conveniently in the hotel you should most definitely try this out , but be prepares that it is overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cada vez hay menos variedad y el precio sigue igual , el servicio y la atenci\u00f3n son muy buenas pero la comida es muy poco variada por el precio que pagas en comparaci\u00f3n con otros restaurantes de por aqu\u00ed es muy caro , no vale la pena lo que pagas por lo que te ofrecen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "better than another buffet we had . this buffet has a huge variety of choices . not all of the food was perfect , nothing terrible . coke freestyle for the win !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was n't as great as expected . i 'm a crispy bacon guy ! the bacon here was borderline crispy and too salty ( surprisingly ) the smoked salmon was extra salty . the churros tasted funny and the chicken taquitos were flavorless . the juice selection was limited : apple , orange and cranberry . bring on grapefruit and pineapple ! it was n't all bad . the breakfast potatoes , corned beef hash , turkey sausage and cheese grits were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the people were super nice , but the food was basic . barely any selection . not worth $ 35 a person .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we could n't check into our hotel room on friday until 3 pm , so we wandered around mgm looking for food . we wanted a sit-down spot but we also did n't want to feel rushed . we had checked out one of the sit-down restaurants ' menus and while the prices were certainly reasonable ( $ 20ish for an entree ) , we realized that just with just a little more money , we could have a whole bunch of food options at the buffet ! we spent about $ 30ish ( i ca n't remember exactly ) on friday brunch , which came with unlimited mimosas . we hit up the omelet station and the bar and hand a grand time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as far as buffets go it was wonderful . especially the make your omlett bar ! play my vegas and its free if you choose that reward .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the breakfast buffet was descent . it had everything you would expect or need for breakfast . i did not take advantage of the guy making omlettes but they looked good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum is all i ca n't say & ca n't wait to party here on may 2 2015 maywether & pac-man fight of the century .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this buffet is ok. we had comped buffets the whole week we were there and so we got to see that every day is the same stuff which is a little disappointing considering many people staying here may eat it multiple times . you learn pretty quickly what the hits and misses are . my personal preferences were the ny strip cooked to order , the carvery meats ( lamb , turkey , ham , prime rib ) , and the crab legs . i would say breakfast brunch is best meal served in terms of quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i got comped for a free room+ 2 free buffets at mgm . ca n't go wrong with a free buffet . the food is good , i had 3 prime ribs and a nice helping of artery clogging food . ( you got ta let loose like grey goose in vegas right ? ) a lot of different variety of food from italian to seafood . pretty much the same as most buffets in vegas . the lines were n't that long which is a plus . if i had to pay for this buffet , i would pay or get comped . since i lost my whole bankroll at the craps table , i should be getting something back . try it out , if you are visiting their casino .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "price was $ 38.00 for dinner . all of the food was dry and way over salted . for the money food should have been much better and there should have been a much larger and better selection . do not waste your money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i decided to have breakfast buffet at mgm because there were several good reviews . i paid $ 19 for weekday . there is juice bar that you can get soft drinks or coffee . i liked omelet bar , it was custom made . only problem was almost i meat was pork products , it was disappointing . even the mushroom sandwich had bacons . the tray that was marked turkey sausage was empty . only meat i enjoyed was salmon which is not breakfast item for me . desert bar was good . restrooms are outside .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i thought the buffet was below average . i did n't find the food `` wow '' or `` yummy . '' i was expecting a better buffet since this was inside mgm hotel . i would think the rainforest cafe tasted better . they do n't have much selection of food and is not like there is a chef behind each counter like at the wynn . luckily , we got reward points for this buffet , so we did n't have to fork out much for it . we tasted the alaskan crab legs , it was very salty ( eeek ! ! ) umm , i would not come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at 29.99 it was overpriced and disappointing . party of 5 and had to wait 20 minutes to be seated . food was bland and cold . sausages taste like spam , sushi was packaged as sold in store , and chicken waffles had no chicken inside ( we tried a few ) . we will never come here again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this buffet is terrible and terribly expensive . unless you 're just into mass consumption and just want to gorge yourself on the food , you ca n't get the worth of the meal out of it . go to the bellagio , go to ceasers , go anywhere but here . the selection is terrible ... . oh and make sure you do n't eat here shortly before going to the airport to catch your red eye . disaster will be waiting for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a surprisingly good breakfast brunch buffet here . came on black friday and they were serving brunch which was unexpected and more expensive at $ 32.99 . on the bright side , it came with free bottomless mimosas . they actually were n't advertising the free included mimosas very much .. we had to ask our waiter for them and no one on other tables had ordered them which leads me to believe they were n't telling everyone they were included . if you sign up for myvegas and do a couple days worth of playing slots on the slot machine app , you 'll easily be able to rack up enough `` loyalty '' coins to get a 2-for-1 coupon here . there are a few blackout dates , mostly holidays , so be sure to read the t & cs . they had excellent mini scones , my favorite part of the meal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate here for breakfast . this was much better than any of the buffets i tried ; however not better than some of the others on the strip . my preference would be the buffet in paris casino . there is nothing wrong with the one at mgm grand though ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi my name is christian and my partner name is javier we went to the mgm expecting to eat delicious foods but yeah we got a where 's customer service the food it was horrible they close half of the restaurant down they take forever to bring our drinks me and my fianc\u00e9 or very upset i refuse to ever come back to the mgm where 's hotel ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food and service not commensurate with the price . not what we remembered from 10 years ago . not recommended and never coming back . the food was generally bland , not very warm . the service was extremely slow . perhaps they are understaffed ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for breakfast only . the mgm does n't have many breakfast choices so this is where we went every morning . large selection of baked goods , typical eggs , potatoes , etc . omelet station was pretty good . for gluten free diners , you are limited but if that is n't a concern , the selection is pretty vast ( but i ca n't vouch for the taste ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was not to my liking no better than any cheap place the price per person was 40 dlls would not recomment to anyone sorry mgm the food sucked the only good yhing you have going is the ladies picking the dirty dishes", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty decent buffet . this buffet has a pretty large selection of food . it is a bit cheaper when compared to the other buffets at the higher end luxury hotels . the food that is served is pretty warm and fresh . if you expect to see a lot of crab or seafood , sorry , your at the wrong place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why this place is n't getting the best reviews . it 's pretty good ! i went here for breakfast and the service was excellent . their selection is expected for breakfast and it 's good . maybe they could do more by increasing their selection but i did n't think of that until i saw their ratings here on yelp . i felt like it was a good buffet and i would n't mind returning here in the future if i had the munchies . by the way , their waffles are really good . especially if they have a small hole in the center where you syrup can accidentally seep into and basically turn itself into a syrup filled waffle . ahhh so good ! basically , i would return to this place . 8 10 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't even left this restaurant and had to stop what i was doing to come write a review . if i save even one person from this restaurant it will be worth it . everything was terrible . everything . sushi was just horrible tasting and no lite soy . the roast beef and the brisket were so chewy that my boyfriend finally gave up and spit his out . i chewed and chewed but was afraid i would choke trying to swallow it . the crab legs were small but at least they were broken open . the pot stickers were hard . the best thing about this restaurant was the soft serve ice cream and i do n't even like dessert but ate it because i was going to leave hungry . the $ 70+ price tag for two people is ridiculous for the crap they are serving . john taffer needs to bring bar rescue in here to help this place . gordon ramsey would just leave and wish em luck on the way out . just like me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like buffet style food , so this review is difficult for me . the buffet at the mgm grand is pretty crappy . i took part in breakfast and dinner at the buffet , and was very surprised to see some of the same foods at both ! the prime rib at dinner was mostly fat , the vegetables were tasteless , the shrimp were out too long , and became slimy . if you want bacon and eggs for breakfast , then the buffet is adequate , but do n't waste your money here for dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only 1 word to describe the food `` yuck '' ! everything luke warm at the best and either undercooked or overcook no flavor whatsoever im so sad because i love this hotel though", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was huge amounts of food , which was fun . however , the quality was that of hotel food . it was included in our vacation package , but if i had paid $ 54 for the sunday brunch buffet , i would gave been disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a buffet , it was very good ! everything i tried was delicious . the servers were very pleasant and attentive . if you 're looking for a buffet in vegas , i highly recommend the grand buffet at mgm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off - skip the line by signing up for the mlife card ! ( stay to the left of the lines ) this saved us about a 30-40 minute wait and we visited on a friday night . the staff was completely nice and very attentive . i tried a variety of foods , but my favorites were the hot snow crab and steak . omg the steak was perfectly cooked ( i ordered med . ) , tender , and seasoned wonderfully . i loved that the crab is split so there is no cracking required . there is really not much i can say negative . i kind of wish the desert section would have had a larger variety , but the red velvet cake was delicious and moist . all of the veggies i tried were cooked to perfection - and not overcooked ( as with most buffets ) . all in all i really enjoyed the experience at the mgm buffet . we had coupons via the myvegas game for facebook or your phone . a must if you plan on visiting vegas ! ( we used our bygo ) visited april 2015", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed this buffet far more than the other ones i had during this trip . they had a lot of different options , different stations that will cook the meat to order . there were quite a few items that i enjoyed enough to want a little more of . the service was good , they took empty plates pretty quickly and the person cooking to order was friendly . so far i have yet to find a buffet that has a good desert bar . this one was no different . it was pretty standard , nothing noteworthy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "besides the price , this buffet is terrible . ( $ 27 , i think aycd is $ 15 extra ) we went on a sunday for brunch before leaving town . they do n't bring out the crab till 3pm . everything was extremely salty , overcooked , undercooked , nothing was `` right '' . really disappointed . i would not come back here . i went with a group of 8 and no one was satisfied . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to eat breakfast here before heading to the airport to go home . we showed up around 9:30 and began eating breakfast . the breakfast food was tasty and there was quite a variety . however , we ate an entire plate of food before a sever came by to take our drink order . there was no place for self-serve coffee , juice , or water ; we looked all over for it . at 10:00am they began putting out lunch food and it was ok at best . we decided to try a variety of items since it was fresh and available but we were unable to take more than a single bite of any of it . if the service and lunch quality was on par with the price of the buffet , this place would receive 4-5 stars from me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff is excellent and no complaints with them , but honestly , as a local coming to the strip i expect better tasting and greater variety of food . sorry mgm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is decent . for $ 17 per person on a brunch . it is filling . ca n't compare them to wicked spoon since selection is night & day . but if you just want to have a regular breakfast brunch , this is a cheaper buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this buffet is great ! we checked it out on our first night staying at the mgm despite the not so good reviews , and i am glad we did because the food was delicious . 80 $ for two people and a ton of variety is something that i just ca n't complain about . i do prefer only eating food that i can pronounce , though , so this suited us just fine . there are many other options on the strip with more food choices , that 's for sure . but if you are walking around , most likely buzzed , and just want some good effin ' food , i recommend going here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . an acceptable selection and a few decent tasting entrees . i actually finished what was on my plate , rather than sampling and leaving everything to waste . this place has a soft spot in my heart , because it 's the first vegas buffet i had ever been to , over 3 years ago . it does n't really live up to its memory , but it 's the best buffet i 've tried so far on the strip ( out of mandalay bay , luxor and excalibur ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my last breakfast buffet was during my last trip to las vegas at the excalibur . same company.same area.so i expected the same type of food . boy was i mistaken . eggs benedict ... when i put my fork through the egg ... actually had runny egg yolk . next i went to check on the biscuits and gravy.. biscuits were n't rock hard hockey pucks . infact they were soft and fluffy . mimosa and champagne were also included . freshly made waffles ... awesome they even had spicy tuna rolls . totally caught me off guard about the good quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got free buffet with my room at the mgm . came here for breakfast . buffet was just ok. best part was the tri-tip . staff here is friendly and the service is pretty good as well . just wish the food was a little better . there is plenty of choices though , even for a breakfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i normally do n't do buffets since i do n't eat much in general , but i had a free voucher for mgm grand buffet since we stayed here ( not by choice ) . there are many food selections , service was ok , a little slow but they did go around to make sure if you need anything , food quality was so so , and pastry lady was very friendly . since the voucher came for free , i am not gon na critic much , if i did n't get the free voucher , i wo n't dine here . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a breakfast buffet review only . quite easily the best breakfast i had in lv . service was great . nice variety . clean . omelettes were absolutely delicious ! would definitely return on my next trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in preparation for a vegas list i am putting together for future reference , i am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when i saw u2 and spent a few days in vegas . i hit this buffet at least twice when i stay . one of the best buffets on the strip . it has every ethnic culture covered , one of the best chefs working and for what you pay is $ $ $ , it 's still a good deal . one of the most do things when in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horribly over priced ! the selection was such a shame , very few dessert to choose from . service was slow and not very friendly , it was are first time at the mgm how were we supposed to know ! will not be returning", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was surprise how the lunch buffet here was pretty good . i usually have the breakfast buffet here but did n't expect the lunch buffet to be good . ii really enjoy my lunch meal here . the quality of the food was tasty and appealing . nothing seem to be soggy or been sitting there for a long time . the service was ok . the gentleman did n't smile too much but made sure our drinks was filled and plates were taken away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the price here for a sunday brunch was n't that great at all . but due to the fact that we were checking out of vegas that day and had our luggage , and the fact that we were near mgm did n't really help to convince us on other places to go . with that said , the food was rather decent . it was really just the type of food you would come to expect at a buffet with salads , meats , pastas , etc . however , i was fond of the sushi , where the sushi was actually better than other buffets that serve sushi . also , the desserts were above average compared to other buffets that serve the type . overall , i enjoyed it for the location , but if i had a choice , i would probably go somewhere else for the price and quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is n't great but it is a buffet ! ! if your staying at the mgm and do n't want to travel all over the strip then it 's cool to drop in here but by no means would you travel from another hotel to come here", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only other buffet in vegas i 've tried was the wicked spoon at cosmopolitan and that was leaps and bounds above the mgm grand buffet . i 'm not sure on what cosmopolitan charges but it 's considerably worth double the price . the mgm made me think of sizzler from what i remember about that restaurant . it 's more quantity than quality which is the opposite of the wicked spoon which was more about quality bites . if you could eat a horse mgm will do , otherwise i 'd look else where .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a `` grand experience '' more like a `` grand waste '' a very limited selection of anything beyond basic chicken and sausage for dinner . many items were empty . many hot items were cold . the beef in four different items were tough , over cooked and hard to eat . this was a total waste of my money for our two dinners . the only possible way to make it right would be to refund my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just another average buffet on the strip . it is a little pricey . the food is not horrible , it is not great either . i would n't go again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty average , as far as strip buffets go . i often get one or two free meals as part of some room package , so i end up there regardless of price or quality . i bet a lot of the clientele is there for the same reason . it 's not as huge as you might expect , given the size of mgm . but the typical options are all there is some shape or form . as with most middle-of-the-road buffets , quality varies by type of food and time of day . seafood option were slim when i visited last . it 's clean and usually well staffed ( unlike some of the lower-end buffets , where tables are left uncleared with scraps of food on the floor ) . so it 's worth a visit if you 're nearby and the lines are n't long , especially if you have a coupon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible lunch selection . it 's not even worth a $ 20 meal . for a mgm name , you really would expect better . i got in at 230 pm and stayed till 345pm to see the dinner selection . blah . do n't even waste your time.. 2 stars for the meal ( one start extra credit because there was no line ) . bummer for vegas", "score": "2"}
{"review": "`` meh . i 've experienced better '' is pretty much exactly what i thought of this place . i went sunday for brunch , and since it was memorial day weekend , they jacked the price up even more and did n't even have anything special to eat . not being a meat eater , i 'm sure there are probably some decent dishes that i did n't eat , but all of the vegetarian options were just alright . i 've enjoyed buffets at the casinos in san diego much more than i did this one and they seem to have much more variety too . the saving point of the mgm grand buffet is the dessert section . i love all of the individual bite-size desserts . that way i can try them all ! my favorite was the pistachio-almond gelato . best i 've ever had , but not enough to make up for the rest of the buffet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wonderful food and very friendly staff . excellent choice of food . today we tried the pistachio creme brul\u00e9 wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this buffet gets a bad rep ! about 22 of us went for breakfast brunch , and there were no complaints . every single person with us loved the selection and quality . service was fast and friendly . if you need ice sculptures and decorative radishes , go on a carnival cruise . otherwise , this buffet is just fine , or maybe that 's the $ 5 mimosas speaking !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw a huge roach 10 29 2016 run across the counter next to food . another diner saw it too , and he informed the cook . the cook knocked it off the counter , tried to kill it but did n't get it . wish i took a picture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . this place has average prices for a buffet on the strip and so you will get an average buffet . yes , there are a lot of options , but this place is definitely quantity over quality . good : lots of food options at this buffet . bad : the quality of the food can can be better . final : this is not my first recommendation for a buffet but if you 're in the vicinity , why not ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast twice and for dinner once.i liked it.there was a wide variety of foods to choose from.the service was good.and the price was n't too bad.after all you are in vegas so you should expect the prices to be a little high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had stayed at the mgm and used my free buffett there since i had booked my rooms on a good offer . the time i was there it was close to 1030am and then they start changing it to brunch . the breakfast was okay loved the yogurt , cottage , fruit bar . i loved the dessert table so good small mini mousses and cheesecakes so good . the brunch lunch was better than the breakfast . friendly staff there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used a $ 50 voucher for my gf and i to eat at this buffet . the food quality is good but the selection is n't so `` grand '' , not making this worth a $ 25 dinner . my favorite item was the crab salad . aside from that , you can find everything here and soooooooo much more at the rio buffet for about the same price or less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was terrible . i went for brunch on sunday morning . 90 % of the food was just lousy , flat out . the desserts were decent but somewhat limited compared to other buffets . and the selection overall was not good . do n't waste your time and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped by mgm while i was on a business trip . the fee was very expensive for the food . the food was overall very salty and a lot of the food was dry as if its been from the previous day . anything i thought was edible was word itself , edible . dinner for two was 80+tax , with that i would recommend going to hilton buffet and using the rest for couple of games of hold'em .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pay for your buffet at the kiosk and then go past the staff table to see the hostess . order all possible drinks and tabasco when you sit down as you may never see your waitress again . this place is busy ! food is decent ( we went at noon ) but at 30 a pop i expected more variety there was lots of breakfast at that hour ) . no taco bar , no fried chicken or shrimp , no pizza ! ? ! ? i may go at dinner since its convenient and the line was n't too long . i 'm hoping for variety !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty much an average las vegas buffet . arrived at 1 for the brunch buffet and had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table , even though there were a large number of empty tables ready to bussed . food is generally fresh but unspectacular .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was amazing ! so good the desserts never ended , the creme brule . going back tonight !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you can get better food at denny 's . and i do n't even really like denny 's much . only good part of this buffet is the omlet guy . he 's fun to watch , and the omlets are good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is just average when it comes too buffets , nothing really stands out . a decent quality meal at a little too high of a price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ate here because it was convenient since we stayed at the signature . we should have taken a cab somewhere else . the cost is ridiculous for the food that you get . i would have appreciated hometown buffet more as far as taste , quality of food and price goes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was planning on trying a different restaurant for lunch , but it was closed . now , you must know i am a big eater . i can always get more than my money 's worth when i go to a buffet . for this afternoon , i just needed to eat some lunch before heading back to the poker tables . the mgm grand buffet lunch had very slim pickings . my lunch ended up being a a slice of highly salty ham , a couple of pieces of fried chicken , a few pieces of bland broccoli , and a some california roll . the lox was suspiciously fishy , and there the only dessert that looked appealing was some ice cream . this was the cheapest meal of my trip , but also the least enjoyable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "considered this buffet pretty good . the sushi and lox was very good . with unlimited mimosas , how can you go wrong ? as far as the post regarding difficulty redeeming the myvegas.com comp . there are clear instructions to follow . guess the person did n't read them as we did not have any problems .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall dinner was good . however the bread was pretty dry and there was too much butter on the steak . there was so much you could not taste the steak itself . service was very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i give the breakfast 3 stars , dinner is 2 breakfast just under 20 dollars dinner is a little over 30 price for a meal , ifbu have wheels better to travel to where the food is better for the $", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good fresh food . great salad selection with loads of veggies . the breakfast section is grand . we loved the ravioli and veggie pasta . also , the bite sized deserts are scrumptious , i had the fruit creme brulee ... twice : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "crab legs though . already split in half for you and easy to peel ! the ceviches could use a little work along with some light seasoning on the veggies but otherwise would definitely return - not a bad price especially if you have a few crab claws and some salmon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite buffets to dine at . lines are never too long if you avoid the typical lunch ( 11-2 ) and dinner ( 5-7 ) times . there 's always a plethora of food choices to fill my ravenous appetite . wide variety of options . my fav is def the raw oysters crab legs , new york strip cooked to your desire , and the cooked salmon . only thing is , i did n't see many soup choices and dessert was decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate here the last time i was in vegas in 2005 & this place was very good back then . i visited again now . it was better before . there was a much better selection of foods last time . on the good side , i came here at a little after 9pm & there was no wait ( compared to the 2-hour wait at certain other buffets ) & the price is $ 29.99 person , so i do n't think there was any higher holiday pricing . it 's a very casual buffet , nothing special . the food tastes pretty good . it is much better tasting than the restaurant food chain hometown buffet . the arrangement is nice with a few straight aisles of food . the hostess and waitress were very nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet is pretty good . there was a wait to get in but i made my party wait in line and i ducked out and played some nearby slot machines and won $ 15.00 . we came at the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch so we got to try both at the breakfast price : o ) they have really good breakfast foods ... i actually preferred the breakfast food to the lunch food . i think it 's harder to screw up breakfast . the waitress was really prompt and kept our glasses filled up . as with all buffets there are a lot of people so sometimes you have to navigate through that and that can be annoying . i will be back here again the next time i stay at the mgm grand . i would n't go out of my way to eat here because there are just so many buffets at every hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i probably would n't go back here . you are seated by a hostess and you are free to get your own beverages and go get food at the buffett . your buser will disappear and you 'll have plates piled at your table . we got here just before the lunch cut off and stayed for the crab legs and other dinner goodies . most things tasted over salted and looked quite old .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this breakfast buffet was just ok for me . i ordered an omelet with bacon and cheese . they poured the eggs from a container , like and orange juice type container . i should have asked for real eggs , which they had . the `` eggs '' had no flavor , the cheese as well . it was n't cheddar but some kind of white cheese . the bacon was good as were the waffles . they have waitresses for cleaning up dishes but you get your own juice and water . the orange juice tasted like tang or watered down oj , for you younger yelpers . now for $ 17.99 plus tip , the oj should be real and should be brought to the table . for the mgm , i guess i expected better , but the yelp reviews do n't lie ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was decent , but one gets the feeling of eating at the dorm cafeteria in college . the people were nice though . i just wish they had more of a difference between lunch and dinner . almost everything was the same . the desserts were pretty but most of them failed to make an impression .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible buffet for 35 bucks . pizza was old . sides had been sitting for awhile . dessert tables were a bit of a joke compared to other hotels . spend the extra 5-15 bucks and go to aria 's or ceasar 's buffet . even paris has an equivalent or better buffet . overall unimpressive given that it 's the mgm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give the food 4 stars . it was good with enough selection . for what it is , it is overpriced so for that reason i give it a 3 star . good prime rib and crab .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our dinner at the mgm grand buffet was horrible . for $ 40 per person you think they would offer something that tastes good . everything we tried lacked flavor , even the crab . i 've never had crab legs that were absolutely flavorless . the desserts were ok , but why pay $ 40 per person for dessert .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great hotel for my daughter 's birthday . she enjoyed the room and the location in proximity to other hotels . the check in process was long . the lazy river pic online shows a swim up bar-nope . also , tubes should be free . i probably wo n't stay there again . i 'll try some other places pit instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had breakfast and was n't really impressed . not a great selection . the hotel was great , the breakfast buffet not so great . the lunch and dinner buffet may be better but we did n't want to chance it too expensive for a trial run .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet is extremely spacious . i think they have room for another isle , for more choices ! the food was good . 3 - stars the service was great ! when i asked one of the employees about bread , she actually walked me to it and not point it out . another server was extremely sweet . i was asking if i can take my cup of coffee with me . she went and got me a top go cup so i can take it with me . 5 - stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just food . nothing really tasty . some stuff tasted old . for 30 bucks you can probably do better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was boring . overpriced brunch . bad service . waitress was talking with a friend instead of helping guests . messed up our drink order multiple times . hostess waited for several guests to gather before seating us which took several minutes . food quality : 4 10 food selection : 3 10 service : 3 10 cleanliness : 8 10 ambiance : 6 10 the wicked spoon buffet in the cosmopolitan is much much better on all counts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "too good ! fresh , tasty and loads of it ! we dined tonight at the mgm buffet and were so impressed ! pay by credit cards at the front machines just next to the queue and sail past all those not knowing how to do it . the food was superb , a very attentive drinks waiter came to replace our drinks regularly , great tasty seafood , not pre frozen tasteless crap ! all nationalities of food , italian , asian , western , plus more , loaded potato mash to die for , the best prime rib i have ever tasted , deserts were simply amazing and there was at least 20 different ones and ice creams as well , and all for $ 29 each , it 's amazing value , the casino and surrounds are classy and the seating adequate . good service and clean restrooms . good for handicapped patrons and kids as well . they shut the food off at 10pm but you can stay until 10:30pm if you are still eating . i would rate this buffet the best in vegas and we 've tried a fair few !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for a friday lunch . it was just average . nothing specacular about it . taco bar , some asian selections , pizza , instant mashed potatoes , salads . the desserts were the best part . i guess at $ 10 though , you get what you pay for !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here a couple times and this place is a hit or miss at times . even though they remodeled the place a few years back..it still have that cafeteria feel to it . the selection is okay not great it depends on the day . went there a couple months back and it was n't all that great to remember ... but just went back last week because george michael was playing at the mgm and we decided to give the buffet another try and it turned out okay . they actually have the steak station open this time and when you walk into the buffet the smell of the grilled steak just makes your mouth water and it turn out pretty tasty . the crab legs were tasty and delicious that night as well . but they had a special event price that night which cost an addtional $ 10 more per person ... for $ 30 some dollars we should of planned for more time and went to the wynn .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "btreakfast was good . not great , but good . we did eat there 3 times for breakfast last week while in vegas . however , tuesday night is seafood night and i would not recommend it . very poor buffet for dinner , especially when my mother came back to the tabel and told me she saw a guy about twenty something years old touching the food with his hands . beware !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good selection of seafood , and italian style dishes . was not impressed with the mountain of defrosting crab legs , i did enjoy the scampi and calamari . the dessert bar is a must try , i usually do n't do dessert but it 's too tempting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly you could find a better buffet or restaurant around vegas . the food was not the worst yet not the best . however the food was pretty salty for my taste .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all the meats were either extremely dry or cold to the touch . side course selection was weak and consisted of your basic pastas . asian cuisine came out of a frozen foods aisle and sushi looked like it was bought from a shity grocery store . i 've been here on two occasions and each time was a huge disappointment . for desserts , i made myself an apple crips with some vanilla ice-cream . the apple crisp tasted like an empty mush with a hint of cinnamon . if it was n't for the dash of vanilla ice-cream ( only a dash because the machine was empty ) i probably would have let the whole thing go to waste . so i ate the ice-cream and trashed the rest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buffet pricing is not shown online . customer service could not provide a direct phone number for the buffet but said only 3 year and younger eat free . buffet price was $ 39.99 for adults and $ 19.99 for kids 4-12 after 11 am on 12 24-25 weekend . weekend brunch was $ 29.99 $ 19.99 until 11 am . a take-out box cost about $ 10 less than dine-in , which could be a family who do not eat much . monday , 12 26 16 follows regular price : $ 17.99 breakfast ( lunch ? ) with $ 12.99 to-go box and $ 29.99 dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whoa - that was amazing ! we went in for a one-hour foot massage , and came out having a truly incredible full body massage acupressure experience for the bargain grand opening price of $ 30 . not sure why we would ever go anywhere else again for a massage . super clean facility and lovely , talented , strong staff ! welcome to the neighborhood , pegasus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! ! i am a skeptical everything , and checked yelp reviews of everywhere in the area , and took a gamble as this place is new . great decision . clean , professional , and legit . somehow the tech knew which areas of my feet to focus on , and i left feeling relaxed and rejuvenated ! i will be back , and will spread the word to those i know ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a slow start but i was truly surprised . these guys are amazing ! ! worth every penny . best massage i 've had in a long long time . be prepared as you share a room and you do n't take your clothes off so either come comfortable and in loose clothing or they will give you clothes to wear specifically for the massage . very impressed . very clean and nice quick service . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great bargain ! so relaxing and affordable . the 60 minute foot treatment does your neck , head and back also . i think the `` combo '' takes more time on your back . clean and the staff is a husband and wife team and they are so wonderful ! treat yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to pegasus for years now ! i do not feel comfortable going anywhere else . this family run business now has a brand new facility on e. northern avenue which is very clean and comfortable . they offer both male and female therapists , and the staff is very friendly and offer excellent quality reflexology at very reasonable prices . ( grand opening specials too ) ! in addition , the staff are able to assist english , mandarin and japanese speaking clientele . i suffer chronic pain and this is only place i will go for help . give them a try , you won '' t be sorry ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grand opening specials ! i 'm a sucker for massage . clean and very friendly ! younger couple are owners . gent had the touch . tell them debby sent you . it was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pegasus provides a wonderful experience at a very affordable rate . the facility is clean and very relaxing . do yourself a favor and check this place out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the foot massage for $ 35 1 hour . it was nice : they start you out soaking your feet in slightly warm water while you 're lying back . next they rub your shoulders and neck . they move onto your feet and do their reflexology massage . lastly you go on your stomach and they do back massage . my only dislike is how people come and go and interrupt while you 're getting your massage due to the open atmosphere . the price and quality of massage makes up for it . i will come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great value at a great price . i got the 1 hour foot reflexology message . in addition to focus on feet and legs , significant time is spent on the rest of the body . the facility is clean and quiet . the staff was very kind and conscious about the customer experience . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing , considering the cost and what you get for your dollar . ill definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family of four went there last night after making an appointment . we showed up and it turned out one of their employees was n't able to make it so we ended up having to stagger our appointment . we get these type of massages all the time in cities we visit or at home . it was awful , the pressure even after saying something was painful . i 'm still tender everywhere . but the worse thing was that they had their little children there and they were crying the whole time . not relaxing at all . place was very clean and the couple are very nice , but not enough to offset the bad massage and screaming kids .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would definitely recommend . the place is very clean , and the staff is very friendly . i did not have an appointment , but they were able to do my treatment right away . i will be going back for sure ! and they are open until 9 pm most nights !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pegasus is right around the corner from my house . they provide a good chinese message at a reasonable price . the sixty minute message covered all of the muscle groups . the price was $ 40 not including the tip . the neck portion felt really good . the staff was professional and the place was clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg ! why ? why ? why ? are the lines always so l o n g and 1 or 2 people working everytime ? ? we wait in line for 30-45 minutes at a time . makes no sense . fix it usps ! please !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no matter what time of day - rain or shine , always a line . the workers are efficient when up at the counter but there seems to be several walking verrrrrry slowly in the background . where 's the sense of urgency ? like union mentality . would love a fast post office to go to so i do n't have to wait in a loooong line every time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "`` i have no idea what i 'm doing right now '' ... . the exact sentence an extremely long line of people waiting want to hear from one of two employees working at 4:36 pm when the location closes at 5:00 pm . no wonder everyone in front of me has a frown and looks to be in a bad mood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while this post office is not horrible ... .it is dreadfully understaffed ... .as most post offices seem to be today . it takes forever to conduct business at this location ... .and considering it is right of the 101 and greenway exit ... ..you would think they would know they would have heavy traffic there . i mean there is a strip mall ... ..fresh & easy market ... .a school ... .and a apartment complex all within walking distance of this location . yet no matter what time of day ... .mon-fri ... .rain or shine ... .hot or cold ... .holidays or non-holidays ... ..etc ... .the lines are forever and a day ... ..and the staff does n't seem to really care . i am forced to go here quite a bit because it is close to my apartment ... .and while i do n't do much business at all there ... .it would be nice to go and buy a stamp or mail off something international without having to wait almost an hour to do it . eat , drink , and be merry my friends ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to this post office 3 times this week . i am trying to get a package shipped . already paid for the shipping , its all ready to go , just got ta drop it off . they have a kiosk for mailing packages which is great but 9 out 10 times the compartment , or whatever u call it , to drop your packages in , is always locked . i do n't understand why this is the case ? its a kiosk meant for people to access after hours or for convenience but defeats the purpose when its always locked . 3 times within 1 week . i just want to drop off a package without waiting in a long line ! ! ! ! ! ! i do n't understand why the self serve kiosk is always locked ! worst post office . its in the square so i should n't be surprised .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why am i posting a review when i am almost sure nothing will get done about it ? probably because we have no other choice . our mail carrier to 85028 near golddust and tatum consistently fails to ring our doorbell for registered mail and it goes to the cactus station after two days . then more fun begins . if you do not get to this usps facility at the opening , you 'll be waiting often twenty deep in a line just to pick up packages with only one or two people on duty . occasionally they will ask if someone is `` just picking up , '' but this is inconsistent and a rarity . it looks like i 'm going to have to start using the ups store now for inbound registered mail . i would gladly tip the mail carrier if it were one or even two people consistently , but you just ca n't easily tip five different mail carriers !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is extremely slow no matter what time of the day . be prepared to stand in line the employees are very nice though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this last week one of our clients mailed us their original tax documents so that we could prepare their 2013 tax returns . they had , however , accidentally reversed the street numbers of our office address . i intended to ask our mail carrier how long he thought it would take for the package to be returned to our client . when he came in , to my amazement , he had the package with him . now that 's what 's called outstanding customer service & support ! all at our office agree that our mail carrier darrell should be promoted to post master general . fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this particular location seems to not have as long of a line as others ... but of course that could be timing . anyhow , i hit up this us post office because it is close to my house . there is n't anything over the top great , nor is there anything so over the top awful . basically , it 's a post office , people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know that going to the post office is never a fun experience , but this is by far the worst location i have ever been to in any state . service is slow , employees are rude , and very rarely do they ever have more than two people helping people , and most of the time , one of those two people are not actually helping people with postage and sipping but rather just asking over and over if anyone there is picking up ... even after they 've already determined that no one is there to retrieve a package . i now drive out of my way to go to another location when i can . there definitely needs to be more locations in the valley though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to go pick up a package in the morning . and all the employees were extremely rude for no reason . worst customer service of all time . hope i never have to come back to this place ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there would be 5 stars on this location if you had more dave 's around . i went in on 07 6 17 at 2pm where dave assisted me as i was trying to get my po box application submitted . i have had terrible customer service throughout the day with other businesses and dave was a breath of fresh air . thank you for your fast and efficient service . very funny and attentive . explained everything clearly and really appreciated mr. dave going above and beyond . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way better than any other u.s. post office i have been to in phx metro . the line is always long but goes fast . the employees are ridiculously nice and helpful . there 's always parking available . they do n't carry many usps supplies like fancy cards or boxes- just to the point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ppl working here are nice . the parking lot is small and needs resurfacing . a lot of holes and bumps . the landscaping is overgrown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "be smart go to rose garden post office . nicer , more employees , a lot less wait . someday i will learn to always go to rose garden usps .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is your everyday post office , nothing fancy . expect long lines before holidays and tax day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service is slow but i never been in a post office that moves at lightening speed . they need more self-service options to speed up the process .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here 's one for the books . i sent out a payment to a company with a money order . a few days later , i get an apology envelope with my ripped off envelope with a corner of the money order missing . i took it back to frye 's . they said the machine would not accept it for exchange because of the missing numbers . they told me to take the issue up with the usps . talked with the supervisor . he said they could n't do anything and to take it up with western union . western union now wants to charge me a non refundable fee of $ 15.00 for a ripped money order for $ 20.00 . wow ! spend $ 35 to get $ 5.00 back . what a bunch of criminals . one counter person at usps told me the reason my envelope was ripped was because someone tried to force something into the machine which in turn , ripped my envelope . it was clear case of negligence . i want my money returned and the usps is at fault ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in the 6 years i have been dealing with this post office , it has only gotten worse . the 'supervisor ' says she ca n't handle money . many , many times i have seen the line 20 deep with one ( if you 're lucky ) there might be 2 employees helping with money transactions . so , while you stand in line for at least 30 minutes the 3 or 4 other employees who are not helping the long line of people will entertain you by showing off their mad skills of how to ignore customers . the other day the line was about 15 deep when the 'supervisor ' decided it was a good time to argue with an employee about his music so we could stay longer for the show . thx for the hours of entertainment , now please get some work done !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this lady with the name of vicky , she is so rude . she was rude to me and gave me nothing but attitude today . she is blonde , chubby . so watch out , do n't let her treat you bad . if she does , call her supervisor right away . her supervisor is so nice and friendly . i do n't know why the post office hired someone who is rude and unprofessional like vicky ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the friendliest people ever that i 've met at any post office . seriously so much smiles and friendly humor . it makes me want to send more mail . clean building , only a 5 minute wait at 3:30 pm on a tuesday . they are alert and aware and are all about saving your money too . one of the ladies in black curly hair and glasses helped me . she even congratulated me with my engagement because she figured i was sending out save the dates . she made sure i had the love stamps ! ! she just made my day and this engagement more fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you have to feel a little sympathy for postal workers . on board a slowly sinking ship . it 's little things that private package companies seem to do better . or at least do with more flexibility . one example : no dogs allowed in the lobby of this post office . so postal service , you want your customers to leave their pets in hot cars in phoenix ? seriously ? do you want sheriff joe to arrest them all for animal cruelty ? or do you just want your customers to go to the ups store ? or fedex ? i understand the historical friction between dogs and mail carriers , but its time to rethink strategy and better consider the needs of customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these people are the best . kirit , the owner is a genuine businessman who takes care of his customers first . when i called and asked to have my wheel locks installed , he did it without any charge . i will be bringing all my cars to him for snow tires and any other issues as he makes sure a customer is satisfied before they leave the place . also they go above and beyond to help their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . i have been going there for 7 years now . although i live downtown , i still continue to travel to this particular location to get my car serviced . i have purchased tires here , and get my tires changed over to winter tires every year . very professional , very helpful . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had the pleasure of working with the team for over five years across two porsches , a cadillac and two hondas . the team is always responsive to my needs , patient in understanding the challenge and actively goes out of their way to get my vehicles serviced well , at a very reasonable price and with a smile and a handshake every time . while not normal practice , they 've even gone out of their way to drop a battery to my house or do those little extras that you always want but rarely receive . highly recommend them if you 're looking for great service , excellent attention to detail , good prices and a friendly trusted environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just put in my notice to move . i have been here a year and half and it was a pleasure . it was my fianc\u00e9 and my first place together . we will have great memories . suzie in the office is wonderful and the landscape is perfection . my little family was so happy here . it is bitter sweet to leave . i think the people that have left bad reviews are just being silly . the appliances are a little out dated , but if you say something they will bring you a new one . the patio is a great size ! ! i enjoyed my stay . then again it does not take me much to please me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "susie has always been great at the front office and i think that has been one of the biggest reasons i stay here . people talk about bugs in this place and granted i have had a spider or insect here or there it 's no more then any other house . fortunately for us the property is well landscaped and with that comes a plentiful supply of water making this a bit attractive to natures friends such as birds and other local inhabitants . i 've got hummingbirds that visit regularly to my back balcony . this is a safe place to live and i 've had no problems with other neighbors or locals . henderson is a great location away from the strip and i plan on staying for sometime yet . thank you cha cha cha for being a great place to live !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jerri and joy ! i look gorgeous every time i leave . love , love , love this salon and it 's perfect location close to uptown charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they notarize documents ! i stopped by here briefly to get some paperwork notarized in a hurry . because i was rushing , i completely failed to realize that i did n't have any cash on me - and , of course , they do n't accept credit cards for such small purchases ( understandably ) . despite this , robert was more than happy to notarize my documents and i was able to return with cash and collect my paperwork just a few minutes later . we had a friendly , brief conversation afterwards and he gave me his card for when i need to look for new motorcycle insurance . i 'm glad to have him so close to my house , and am considering returning when it 's time to switch insurance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used robert 's services for years for my rental home insurance . recently - i moved in with my fiance and we were looking to combine our auto insurance policies together along with our renter 's insurance . robert is always on top of his game , very responsive , clarifying all of our questions , got the policy done in no time . we also found out that he handles business insurance as well . we 'd highly recommend robert attala from a1 insurance to anyone who is seeking for an insurance agent . we are very pleased !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "couple of weeks ago , i received a letter from my home insurance for non-renewal and needless to say the search for a new insurance company started . i contacted a few agents in the area and robert attala at a1 insurance was one of them . mr attala handled our transaction in a timely manner , total professionalism , and very courteous . i highly recommend a1 insurance . robert gets the job done and makes the process very easy . i am glad i found him . i will definetly use him again in the future . thank you again , robert , for all your help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice office staff . however , they ( 707 property management llc ) are terrible at responding to repairs and maintenance issues . i suggest going elsewhere . the apartments are run down . old carpeting from the 80 's , faulty electrical outlets , torn window screens . mail room gets broken into ... . i can go on and on . enough said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "office staff is horrible . led me on about `` corporate approval '' for 4 days with no follow up . unprofessional and inept . steer clear and save yourself a world of trouble .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing gets repaired ! lived there for a year and a half and never had the leaking roof fixed , the kitchen faucet never repaired . the cabinets were so micky moused that they were falling off or did n't close . i had to fix them myself . not even the toilet paper holder would stay on the wall . the management was crappy and every time i would complain or ask for something to be fixed , they would just tell me that there is a work order in for the repairs ... but in a year and a half , still no repairs . the electricity would be randomly shut off without notice . the water was shut off at least five times , again without notice . my experience at riverbend was horrible and i do n't recommend anyone to rent there . plus with all of the above said , my rent was unreasonable considering what i got . $ 1300 a month for a run down , never maintenanced three bedroom apartment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could select no stars ! this place is horrible . i 've been here since october 2015 . upon move in- they could not find my paperwork nor did they have keys made for me . the toilet overflowed the first night . when i informed the office a few days later they told me `` yeah i knew that apartment had some plumbing issues '' wtf ! ! ! and the apartment was disgusting . dead bugs everywhere . every month i go in to pay rent there is new office staff . someone is always digging through the dumpsters , kids play in the streets . they are constantly turning the water off . saw 2 dead bodies being wheeled out of the vacant apartment across from me . avoid this place at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first day we moved in june 2014 , air conditioner was not working carmen said there were others before us . mold in master shower , was told it would be okay if i just left the light and fan on in the bathrooms . windows leak everytime it rains homeless people tearing thru trash constantly . mail getting stolen nightly drug deals in the unlit parking lots dog feces everywhere no specific kids play areas , so they play ball in the parking lots . dented cars be damned rudest staff possible water gets turned off without any warning at all and of course they blame the water company . only two of our six electrical outlets in the whole apartment work , and for this they raised the rents because they put a few ugly coats of pain on the exteriors .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please do n't sign a lease here . i was lured in by the cheap prices , but do n't be fooled . it could take months for repairs to be done . they will give you the run around forever . i had my ac go out in the summer ( 3 weeks to repair ) . then it went out again and took another 4 weeks to repair . refrigerator in the summer ( 3 weeks to repair ) and a hole in the roof ( 2 months to repair ) . that 's right ! i did n't know it was leaking till the rainy season . it leaked from 3 spots and poured into my living room and kitchen for two months before it was fixed . luckily vegas does not rain like other places . no roaches , but that would have been the icing on the cake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is garbage , do not waste your energy time looking at place keep driving and searching ! maintance issues are not a priority , it smells like mold or old age , melissa works at the office and she even seems like she does n't want to be there ! this place very well deserves negative stars i ca n't make this up : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for the first time with some lovely ladies for steak and cocktails after work one night and it was amazing ! what can i say about such a superb place ? our waitress was the most cheerful and sweetest lady ever . even when we were mulling and being indecisive over which cocktails to get , she gave friendly suggestions on what 's delicious [ she has excellent recommendations -- - i wish i remember her name ] . we all had the prime rib and every steak came out cooked perfectly . not exactly up to mr. w 's steak-perfection but the closest thing to a perfectly cooked steak prepared by another person . even though we wandered in a little after 9pm on a weekday , we were given such great service and a really satisfying meal . i would definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had thanksgiving dinner at this location , to say the least , the turkey meat was dry anf cold , the saladbtasted old , the brie cheese bites where wet and foul ... . the bread taste cheap ! the sweet-potato mash potatoes where the only highlight of the meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so disappointed ! we made reservations to celebrate my birthday , first time out in a long time ... .. show up at 6:55 to be told the reservation was for yesterday and it would be a 30-45 minute wait . after showing the women the email confirmation i was told `` technology makes mistakes '' we are full and will get you back soon . very sad excuse flemings , but that 's ok ... . i will go take my money where it is appreciated !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great west valley upscale steak house , the atmosphere is wonderful and the service was awesome . zac was our waiter and he was very professional and good at his job . he answered all of my friends questions ( and i think he had 20 ) ... he probably felt interrogated but handled us well . i ordered the filet with gorgonzola and the wife had the fish special ( no idea what it was since i am not a huge fish guy ) . my steak was fantastic and i also ordered the creamed spinach which was also very creamy and delish . we did not order desert but had plenty of alcohol and then we pretty much closed out the place before heading to the new toby keith 's and then sandbar to close the night ! we dropped about $ 400 for all 4 of us which is pretty standard for an upscale steak house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happy new year ! ! ! goodbye 2013 ! ! ! i came here for the last 30 minutes of 2013 to do a champagne toast with my date , brother , and friends . i am glad i made the trip to this very exquisite establishment . very elegant and ritzy feel here . now i see why fleming 's is held on such a high pedestal for so many . the place is amazing for the simple fact that you feel important and worthy while you 're within their walls . cool way to welcome the new year ! we did not have anything off the food menu . only came to do a champagne toast and left once the ball dropped . i can not wait to come visit this fine dinning place again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to have a steak : but be ready to spend some cash here . want to save a little i know costco carries the $ 100 gift card for 79.99 ! every bit helps when you are in the $ 30 range for 1 steak ! no sides just the meat . i try and save cash by going here during lunch and enjoy the bar specials . a steak sandwich sometimes curves my steak craving . i would rate this the full 5 , but have been here a few times and not impressed with the service for the $ $ $ $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner here a few nights ago . it was very busy but the hostess and our server allie did a great job and were very attentive throughout the evening . our steaks were done perfectly and the side of saut\u00e9ed onions was terrific . a bit pricy but know that going in . on this night , it was well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we do n't often splurge on a $ 100 per person meal but for this birthday celebration , i 'm glad we did ! we went with another couple and flemings was amazing . the wine was great , service perfect and the filets were exactly as we ordered them . had the chipotle mac & cheese as a side and it was something bobby flay would be proud of , just the right amount of spice in a great comfort dish . had the homemade ice cream for dessert and it was fantastic . they generously gave the birthday girls a box of truffles and a card signed by the staff-very classy touch . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay so we went back for happy hour as the general manager recommended and wow ! ! ! everything was so good . we got a burger , the pork belly , and the burrata . the burrata was so creamy and they gave you quite a bit . the pork belly was served with cherries and arugula salad . it was salty and delicious . the burger was cooked perfectly and came with bacon and cheese . the happy hour prices were awesome ! i will return for happy hour !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is amazing , the service is amazing , and the ambiance is amazing ! even better than ruth chris ! this is our new favorite restaurant for special occasions ... like monday , tuesday , wednesday ... well , pretty much any day of the year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for happy hour with my housemates , which is a really good deal at $ 6 appetizer . we sat out on the patio which was quiet and relaxing . unfortunately for myself , i ordered the crispy pork belly which was n't so crispy and it was 98 % pure fat . i guess i should have known that already , but it did n't even taste good . i ended up leaving about a third of the dish on the plate . my housemates , however , were smarter and ordered the burger which is also $ 6 and that looked delicious . i had food envy all night . although i 'm sure the burger was good , i 'm still giving 2 stars because i think everything on their menu should be just as good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my husband and i 's first time . we are rarely without the kids . when . you first walk in there is a ton of wine on the walls , which always makes me happy . we ordered the sweet chile calamari and it was really good , sweet and tangy all at the same time . we both ordered the prime rib dinner . i got the truffle mashed potatoes and my husband the jalape\u00f1o mac and cheese . both of our dinners were amazing ! the prime rib was so tender and with just the right amount of rosemary and the mac and mashed were to die for . did i mention that our waitress was a doll and the manager was very nice too ? well , they were ! the icing on the cake was when we were checking out the wine list and we saw the dutton ranch pinot noir ! that is actually the bottle of wine my husband and i had on our honeymoon ! overall a 5 star experience and we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . i came expecting an average steakhouse in the glendale peoria area . the bartender was fantastic and made a tremendous negroni ( not the one on their menu , which is n't actually a negroni at all ) . the caesar salad was very tasty and the small plate sliced filet was the most perfectly balanced and seasoned dish i can remember eating in recent memory . there was so much going on in that dish - but everything was balanced and picture perfect . i ca n't recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dinner ! excellent service . had the piccino filet cooked to perfection . service was very friendly and professional . she knew how to strike up a conversation and make you feel good . little hint- do n't eat too much of the great bread - you 'll ruin your appetite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our valentines day dinner and the rib eye was amazing , the service was first class , we never had to ask , the staff anticipated all our request . we ended our meal with a delicious desert , a beautiful night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love this place ! it is our anniversary and special event spot . staff is friendly and knowledgable , food is consistently excellent ! i have found new favorite wines from their list and i began adding glazed pecans to my salad at home ! the prime rib is tender , juicy , and delicious . their food leaves an impression ! it 's pricey , but a great spot for a fancy dinner date !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try a new place none of us had been before . reservations were easy to set and got seated right away . once seated everything went down hill . we were there for christmas dinner with friends and family . our waitress was nice , but was not in tune with our group . she was hard to hear and more often then not did not always understand what we were requesting so had to ask multiple times in order to get it right . we have always heard the food was good , but once served it was par at best . filet mignon was not the best considering the price . we have had better at less expensive places . seafood was not that good either , have had better fresh salmon from fry 's market place . after it was all said and done and a bill that was hundreds of dollars this place was really not worth it . not 5 star worthy . steak 44 or dominicks will be our next stop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious food , but very rich & buttery . started with the seafood tower & the calamari , both were very good although the lobster seemed a tad tough . can not go wrong with any of the steak options for the main course . the service was amazing , from the timing to the food descriptions , they were perfect . excellent bar drinks as well and you can even see all the options on an ipad !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "atmosphere nice very casual , food had great presentation , but the quality of the food was mediocre . prices are high ... we ordered a glass of wine , which we enjoyed , most of the wine on the menu you can find at any grocery store . we also had the baked brie the apples were crisp and the salad was very tasty with a light balsamic but the brie was a poor quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the first time we ate here it was unmemorable . we thought we would never be back . i try not to rate any place by a one time visit so we decided to give flemings another try . we have been here a couple times now . we both had filet cooked medium and it was great . i dont remember what we had for appetizers or the sides ... once again unmemorable . the molten lava cake was awsome and definitely memorable . i really would n't recommend this place to my friends . it was good , but just keep forgetting what i had . whenever i eat at mastro 's or ruth chris i seem to never have that problem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the absolutely best service and best food ! not 1 thing to complain about . first had cocktail at bar , then seated at reservation time . ashley was a wonderful waitress . pork belly , omg ! french onion soup , perfection . flemings potato potatoes a must . asparagus perfect and ny strip was melt in your mouth delicious ! coffee and berries and cream dessert was wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you walk in the ambiance looks great however after sitting down that 's where the greatness ends . service was mediocre . the ravioli app was under cooked . the steak ( medium ) was way closer to rare , flavors were just okay . with the prices being that high it should be much better . for my money durant 's is a finer dinning experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we always come for happy hour because it 's totally affordable and so delicious ! ! the staff is always so attentive and helpful ! we also just tried the carrot cake . mind blown . it was the best of the best . now we 're sad to try any other carrot cake because we know nothing can top this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here is wonderful ! they are attentive and very friendly . the food is not special especially for the prices they charge . in fact we ordered the special lobster tail and filet which was very disappointing . the lobster tail was a poor quality flat piece of nothing . the steak was good but nothing to rave about . i would not recommend fleming 's and will not go there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for out 17 year anniversary . simply amazing ! ! ! it is expensive . our bill was about $ 300 with drinks , but their filet was the bar none the best steak i have eaten in az . i will be back soon . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little rough to the start even though we had reservations . the place was n't packed and you could see a few tables for 4 open , so kinda frustrating making you wait for 20 minutes . we waited in the bar for few minutes , it was like they wanted us to just sit there and not be seated in the dining room area . th food was ok but amazing like your other steak houses . the service was not excellent the waiter tried to up-sale the wine list even though we knew our wines . after insisting on what we wanted he backed off . we did have a bug in one of our wine glasses and told the waiter he did n't even apologize . he just walked away and got us another glass . when the food was being served as they placed the plates down my mother grabbed her plate and burned her hands that she had to place her hands around the water glass . no apology even from the manager who placed her plate down just a `` be careful the plates are hot '' and walked away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is deserving of a solid five stars ! the steaks were incredible , the side dishes such as fleming 's potatoes and the mac & cheese were awesome . service was spot on and exactly as i would expect from a fine steak house . worth a return visit on any day of the week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you flemings for a wonderful night . i arrived a couple hours before my reservation to set up a proposal , and all of you were amazing in your roles when the time came . we had a fairly intricate plan going and you pulled it off perfectly ! my now-fiance is so happy with the proposal and i am very grateful to the staff . we loved all the cheering from the kitchen . a lot of fun and a perfect memory . oh and of course the food , drinks and deserts were great as always !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed the food and atmosphere - friendly staff - located close to the arena and football stadium - right off the highway easy access -", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here before and had a great experience , though tonight , the service was far from mediocre . enjoying a nice date night with my husband and sat in the bar . ordered several cocktails , a couple of appetizers , an entr\u00e9e and a bottle of wine , but the service was some of the crappiest i 've ever experienced in a restaurant if this caliber . food was great , but continually waited for refills when drinks ran out # notafanofrunningdry . even told the sever when he finally returned , that i would 've liked dessert , but it had taken too long and we needed to get out of there . oddly , was n't even that busy . such a disappointment !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing service and amazing food i thought it would be packed this weekend with valentine 's day tomorrow but there was only a 30 min wait they were fast and efficient ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience . we wanted something special for our 5 year anniversary and this was exactly that ! food was beyond good , and service was above par . from the moment we walked in we were addressed by name and congratulated , to the anniversary card on the table after being seated , to the server addressing us by name . food and service were n't rushed , which i loved as it gave us time to enjoy the evening . the manager marc came by , addressed us by name and gave us a gift card for next time in congratulations . the server came over with a camera and took a picture , which we got in a frame with a box of truffles to take home . such a small gesture and so thoughtful to commemorate something special to us . as we walked out the hostess once again addressed us by name and congratulated us . if you are look for upscale , white table cloth , dining , this is the place to go ! we will be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel this flemings has gone down hill over the past three or four years . i live in the area and have gradually witnessed a decline in the service and food at this flemings . the bar manager reprimands his staff in front of customers , the wait staff in the dining room seem over stretched and unable to cater to their customers . for the upscale price of the food one should have the service that you pay for and expect . i used to love to stop in and have some wine and appetizers in the bar but last few times i have been there , the service was terrible ! ! waited 15 minutes to be waited on as staffed walked by my table in the bar and ignored me as i held up my hand to try and flag someone over . the bar manager is a bit gruff for an up scale establishment . this place has a high class price tag with low class service . i suggest if your looking for a nice bar , walk next door to bj 's brewhouse you will get better service and lower prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my third time hare but i tried fish i know fish is in a steak house is dumb i had the mai mai the fish it 's self was dry it the sauce was amazing just make me a soup with that and i 'll be happy my son had salmon he thought it was the best that he ever had i tried it put my sauce on that and it would definitely be the best salmon ever but next time i 'll stick with the steak oh the butters for the bread no words to describe how good it was for service was friendly not to pushed only reason not for the forth star was the portion size was to small for the price like 4oz fish", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was okay . the food was tasty but pricey , we knew this going in . the service was good but not exceptional . the server carded my two much younger friends and then asked if i wanted her to check my id too . i am obviously way beyond 21 , i thought that was ridiculous . she explained that some of her patrons get upset if the whole table is not carded . it was an awkward conversation . our drinks on a few occasions were empty . i thought it was usual for a server to wait for a glass to be empty before asking if we would like to order more drinks . i also happened to order a coffee with desert . i finished my coffee and i asked for a refill , but the refill never happened . i was n't wowed so this establishment goes on the list if there 's nothing else around and i am feeling extra spendy ( not often ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was as good as it gets ! wow . our steaks were tender and moist , our sides were corn and salads , both were excellent . service was perfect . flemings is a great place to treat yourself to a wonderful meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prime rib eye steak bone in rare is juicy and tasty . do not order any side dish cause the portion is approx 14 oz . perhaps share a salad . service is excellent . during the course , waiter checks in many times to refill drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "flemings never disappoints and that 's why it has remained in business for many years . the service is always exemplar . a quality experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice to have a real dining experience in the west side . steven was a fabulous waiter and had an extensive knowledge of their wine list . speaking of wine list they have a nice selection of wines by the glass which works well with us as i like whites and husband likes reds . we started with sauteed prince edward island mussels which were exceptional and it got only better from there . no rush through in 45 minutes to get you out the door atmosphere here , the wine and meal was served to be savored and enjoyed ( as it should be ) . it is not cheap but sometimes you get what you pay for . and i did not want to go out and have another tough steak and under cooked vegetables and be shoved out the door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a nice dinner place in peoria to send my mom and step-dad for a birthday celebration . the people at flemings were wonderful . they took my request over the phone and made sure they had a lovely evening . mom raved about the service and the photos she sent made the food look fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the 11 oz . medium-well fillet was by far the best i have had , hands down . the green beans were meh , but the garlic mashed potatoes were delicious . a few crown and cokes and viola , $ $ $ $ , lol . expensive but worth it . will definitely be back . wonderful atmosphere , service , and most importantly , food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are tops on my list ! my daughter planned my birthday dinner here , a small affair . the staff , from the manager on down , could not have been more attentive . the food was excellent , service was superb , and the ambiance was one of the nicest i have experienced since leaving southern california . they made sure to honor my birthday with a card , present , and chocolates . the manager stopped by to give his personal birthday wishes , as well as to check on our dining experience . they are top notch all the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to a few flemings but came here with my boss for dinner . i have never been disappointed with them . service is always great as well as the food . if looking for a good meal and service this is a place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a private business lunch here yesterday . was really delicious ! highly impressed with the fillet of oscar . i had never tried that fish before but the waiter recommended it and he was spot on . flemming 's did it right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and food . nice ambience . the fillet mignon is amazing ! there are a few locations around the valley . the asparagus was also delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a return trip this past friday with my parents . upping my previous 4-star review to 5 as the hostess with the attitude seemed to have had a refresher in customer service . again , everyone else on staff was excellent , the food delicious as always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took our good friend patti to flemings for her birthday dinner . we were seated immediately ( love that ! ) and patti was offered champagne on the house for her birthday . she declined as she does n't drink , but what a great policy ! makes me want to go there for my birthday . i do drink so i ordered a cosmo and it was eh . we all went for the filet mignon 's with a side of creamed spinach . absolutely delish . i was disappointed that the mousse i was so looking forward to was n't on the menu , but made do with the molten chocolate lava cake which was only so-so . patti had the fresh berries with chantilly cream and loved it . flemings compted the dessert for the birthday girl . the service was superb . all in all a wonderful evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , the service was phenomenal . i had the aged ribeye and shanna had the surf and turf . food was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i stopped by for happy hour . charles our waiter was outstanding ! he recommended a wine and thought the burger was big enough to share . appetizers , hamburger , wine and a cosmo ... topped off with birthday chocolate . we had a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents and i came here for the first time to celebrate father 's day . upon walking in , i immediately liked the decor and atmosphere . we had made a reservation and were promptly seated . our waitress was very attentive and the food was delicious . i will definitely return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i generally do n't like franchises but flemings is one of my favorite steak houses in phoenix . the menu is pretty standard for a steakhouse . generally get the calamari which is excellent . the bone in filet is tender and the meat is delicious . my steaks are always cooked the way i order them . the staff at my last visit was attentive and very friendly . sides are quite large and can be shared with two or three people . def my goto steak house when i 'm in the mood for some red meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a much better experience this time . we came for happy hour and sat on the patio , the waiter was very attentive and accommodating . the table tried the happy hour prime burger , flat bread , calamari , ravioli , and several salads . the calamari was a large portion for the cost but the ravioli came with only three to an order . the flatbread was the table favorite and was loaded with steak . i find a lot more value in happy hour at fleming 's then in their dinner and would come back again for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely great steak dinner . i had the dry aged ribeye w kona coffee rub and it was very tender tasty . from the appetizer to desert , everything was delicious . the flemings potatoes are a must have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cant complain about the prices if you like fine dining . this place is yummy so i expect to pay a good price for an amazing meal . if you dont like what they serve you tell them . they take great care of their customers . my husband and i went there for our anniversary and they treated us like royalty . we did go to costco and got the gift cards at a discounted price . every bit helps . as we were leaving they took our picture then put it in a cute frame and gave us a anniversary card and a box of truffles . seriously who does that ? flemming 's did . they have a customer for life with my family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was pricey , but worth every single penny ! honestly , from the above and beyond service to the amazing food , this steakhouse was one of the best dining experiences i have ever had in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the seafood tower is always delicious , great wine list and service , you get what you pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to make this short , great interior , wait time to be served was awful , waitress knew her menu . we got our appetizer with the complementary bread and cheese . great ? not really . i order the main filet mignon mid rare ( $ 45 ) and the , she ordered the certified angus beef . filet mignon was bland , not enough seasoning , small . potatoe was way too hot and mushy inside . the angus beef had way more flavor and it had some type of crunchy tortilla underneath . in total the price for the food does not overcome the taste . i would n't recommended it to anyone . way too expensive for the mediocre service and food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a fantastic meal served by attentive , friendly , and professional staff . the manager checked on us a few times and was very welcoming . the steak was done to perfection as were the other dishes that we had . the lobster bisque is the best i 've had anywhere . thank you paul , our waiter , and everyone for a fabulous evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job to randy canada and his team for taking care of us ! great food and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was fantastic at fleming 's and the food is prepared in an artful and creative way . the dining room is elegant , relaxing and enjoyable . i like the attention and service provided at the restaurant . i ordered clam chowder soup , flemings salad and the barbecue scottish salmon fillet with creamed spinach and spicy thai green beans . i like the bread and spreads they bring out . i thought the meal was prepared nicely and the salmon was cooked to perfection . i have had the steaks at fleming 's in the past and enjoyed those too . i was just feeling like some seafood during this visit . i will mention that fleming 's is extremely expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my birthday and had a great time . our hostess was wonderful , precise , and informative about the food on the menu . i got crab cakes and the crab meat was succulent and filling . the brussell sprouts had bacon in them and very delicious . i would highly recommend this restaurant for birthdays , dinner , anniversary , or just a nice outing with friends . they also gave me a birthday card , a box or truffles , and a platter with fruit , truffles , and cake . i will be returning soon flemings ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always heard of this place but never tried it because it 's very pricey . my wife and i were told about there happy hour , so we decided to try it . they start you off with some chips that were delicious perfect flavor . the drinks were the only bad part had a summer shandy which was n't good at all but i gave it a shot because it was the special of the day , my wife had a blueberry strawberry martini like drink was not good in my opinion and she said she was n't a fan . now let 's get to the best part , we both had the prime burger , hands down the best burger i 've ever had , cooked to perfection and did n't even need any condiments on it . overall i recommend this restaurant and will definitely being going here again . $ 64", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant does everything right . the food is excellent and the service is very attentive with the wait staff being both friendly and accommodating . the food is delicious with a good selection and fair prices for excellent quality . the icing on the cake may be the management . they go out of their way to make you feel special and appreciated , this is a spot we will return to time and time again . way to go flemings ! we are pleased with what you offer in value and service . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee bar is a welcome additional to a dismal selection of businesses below the condos at front and spadina . i raised an eyebrow at this place opening up pretty much immediately next door to a tim hortons , but i suppose the clientele base will be different . there is seating for about 10 on the first floor and a nice little loft area up top that seats perhaps another 10 . i popped in a day or two after opening day for an espresso , and the following day for a brewed coffee . espresso was very nice . both times there was a bit of confusion paying , but assuming this will be fine now once staff get settled in . they have a variety of baked goods here with many vegan options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great coffee but you pay the price & the friendliness of staff is hit or miss - thus the 4 5 . but it 's a nice treat once in a while . on the flip side , they do have a loyalty card so after buying 10 specialty drinks at $ 5-6.50 ( depending on size , etc ) you get one free ! wayyyy better than the tim horton 's next door in terms of quality of coffee . they also sell coffee beans and grind them to your specifications which i bought today so i can make espressos and lattes at home for much cheaper . as well as breakfast sandwiches and dinners to go by local chefs for ( $ 7.99 ) . if you do n't mind a noisy patio , although there 's is simple , since i live in the area i like to sit down and sip my latte and watch the world walk by . would i recommend to a friend who could afford it ? yes ! will i come again ? yes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here a few times during my toronto weekend . it was always about the same - decent with interesting stuff , but lines take forever . my fiancee thought the latte was fine , nothing impressive . they ran out of soy milk ( this was early in the morning on a saturday ) , so had to finish w almond milk , which she is n't a fan of . i got a breakfast sandwich , which was n't bad . they had no salt , pepper , or hot sauce to add , which was both surprising and disappointing . service was great . had a brownie chocolate cookie , which was crispy , warmed up nicely - tasted like a hot chocolate cookie . really liked it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a takeout americano = 5 stars for sit-in : a disaster . they seem to actively want people to not be here . it 's always too hot , partly because there 's no ac , but also because the heating is cranked in winter . the music is too loud , at least when the employees can stop fiddling with what 's playing as if the teenagers passing the aux cord around at a party . the coffee is really good ! they just seem to want nobody to drink one ... in which case , why open a coffee shop ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "real coffee . if you do n't like starbucks , tim hortons , second cup , etc , go here . fast service and very good coffee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee place ... you have to try it to believe that they got the best latte ! we had nutella and velvet latte it was so delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here twice during my weeklong visit . the barista on sunday was a wizard with latte art ! however , the berry scone i got was obviously baked together with the pizza scone because it tasted like pizza ... which was very weird . the latte was a bit bitter for my taste though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these coffee shops are just everywhere ! i picked up some snacks but they were out of juices . when you go after the lunch hour , that 's what happens . : ( there 's a lot of seating , an upstairs area , and a few games you can play too . they even have weekly yoga sessions ? live music ? that 's pretty cool . nice people work here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee to start your day and survive afternoon . always great coffee , i 've been coming here for a while", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , food , and chill vibe ! hip and really friendly : ) shout out to dan on the guitar for entertaining my family while eating here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the nutella latte and organic chai lattes are delicious . the baristas are friendly and funny . cozy coffee house . i love that they have not just one but three games of scrabble here to play .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my new favourite coffee joints in this area . coffee bar inc. definitely adds soul to this hood that could definitely use a lot of it . great service , staff are awesome and i always end up making new friends : ) snacks and drinks i 've ordered have always been yummy . live music is awesome . lots of seating upstairs . board games to play w !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a surprising find in this neighbourhood . it is next to a tim hortons , but is clearly targeting a different coffee consumer . i bought an americano that was pretty good . the interior is lots of wood , and very brown . they also have pies from kanga and other small eats . there is a nice little patio and lots of space inside to sit . this is easily the best place to get a coffee in this little block . i 'd give this three stars normally , but there really is nothing better very close by . ( sense appeal is a short walk away , but yeah , it 's a short walk away . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very excited to find another indy coffee shop in the heart of downtown . service was very friendly and instantly felt welcomed . pricing was very fair for the specialty coffees and very worth it . it has a cozy atmosphere and is quite a big space for a downtown location with two levels . i will definitely return when downtown !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the nutella latte is amazing and the service is really friendly . the wifi sometimes does n't work and they 're `` not allowed '' to reset it . also it 's super hot in the summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ehhh make whatever hipster jokes you want about this place ( even i made fun of the font choice in their logo when it first appeared ) but this place is now my go to . there 's not much in our concrete jungle but this place has one of my favourite tasting coffees . i go so frequently if it were n't for me being out of town so much , i 'd have filled up way more loyalty cards . everyone 's super friendly and the owner was delightful to talk with as well . i love the rustic wooden interior and on tuesday nights they have live music on their second floor . they 're definitely a company that likes to get involved with the community around them so give them a visit and introduce yourselves !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee bar , as the name suggests , is a coffee bar : ) stopped in here on a rainy saturday afternoon to get some caffeine and to warm up . the smells in here are amazing ... and i was eager to try their coffee . ordered an americano and a extremely large scone . the coffee was very hot and very strong ... .pretty much exactly what i am looking for in my coffee so that made me happy . the scone was very `` bready '' . i know that 's not a word , but not sure how else to describe it . it could have used some more berries , and sugar . i really liked the decor of this place , and it was very quiet . there are some board games you can play in the upstairs seating area . the map made out of coffee beans on the wall behind the counter is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to be with friends ; far from ideal to study or work at . a cafe generally needs to meet two criteria : ( 1 ) drinkable coffee and ( 2 ) functional wi-fi . unfortunately , both areas did not meet expectations . as i write this in a mildly perspiring state at the coffee bar , my two devices still can not connect to the wi-fi . and the coffee tastes slightly better than the coffee bar 's adjacent national chain neighbor . by the way , if you 're curious why i 'm perspiring : no air conditioning . one ceiling fan can barely keep my mood cool .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! great coffee and great atmosphere . love the patio in the summer time ! pricey but a good change from your usual starbucks and timmy 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this new coffee bar . i had the black forest steamer which was delicious and really tasted like black forest cake . i also had the banana bread which had a good amount of banana in it . the decor for this place is also very inviting and i love the map made of coffee beans , behind the counter . i will definitely go back to try their dark chocolate steamer as i love dark chocolate . the gentleman at cash was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in in the morning this week to grab a coffee and breakfast . excellent service , great coffee , and a cool environment . two thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a hot chocolate and coffee to go . my husband who is a big coffee fan said the coffee was average and it was n't hot enough . my hot chocolate was good , not too sweet but a bit heavy . i would go if it 's on my way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorites ! cozy , friendly , and close to the harbourfront . i once got the nutella latte and it was underwhelming . they have a crossword puzzle on a big table downstairs and a few games and a bookshelf upstairs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a traditional pub . it has got seats and an area for dancing in ( i would n't quite call it a dance floor ) when there are bands on . usually quiet early on in the evening but gets busier depending on the quality of the band .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mostly i like this place for looking like an old man 's bar . there was actually an old man in the bar , nice . unfortunately , like an old man 's bar it closed really early or so it seemed at the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "remarkable taste of inverness . you could n't get a proper taste of scotland without visiting . they have a bountiful selection of whiskey and let me tell you ... the patrons and the owners are a beautiful blend of people . great service , wonderful feeling of culture and the location is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old bar , not so popular these days , could do with a makeover", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at least 6 real ales on , decent whisky selection , mainly a middle-aged crowd but a pretty lively atmosphere all told . decor 's a bit rough & ready ( i.e . probably not been redecorated since the smoking ban came in ) but that 's no big deal . would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a dive of a dive . that type of place where the bathrooms are gross , the service is efficient and polite but not overly friendly , and the locals look at you like you have the plague . it was the perfect place for an afternoon study session but not the type of place i would regularly hang out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite boutique in the east valley ! i love the fact that this store carries a lot of local designers and is very supportive and involved in the community . the store carries a good selection of items that are affordable but not cheap . customer service ca n't be beat . the owner herself spent time with me helping me put together outfits and i thought that was awesome ! i always feel like a vip shopping here ! i am definitely a fan and will return . stop here first before you hit the mall . support local . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! the owner buys many of their items locally and is very involved in her community . every time i go into the store , there is something new to look at ! there is always a huge selection for all of the needs too ! ! the thing i love most about this store is that the products are top notch quality ! ! i bought a necklace there that i wear pretty much every day a while ago , and it still looks as new as the day i purchased it ! ! the customer service of the store is also excellent ! i love how every time i go there , i feel like a vip ! ! i would defiantly suggest this store to anyone who wants top quality service and products = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go into clothes minded at least every couple of weeks to see what 's new ... the styles are right on trend , the jewelry is amazing & one of a kind , the clothes are great for dressy and casual and the shop is adorable . plus kim the owner is one of the nicest people you 'll ever meet - and she gives great style advice ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a sweet boutique . lots of pretty dresses and unique items . she supports the local designers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kim is the absolute best ! never met a store owner who made a shopping experience so personal . she cares about her customers and providing them with the most up to date styles and stays trendy . it 's a great place for a mother daughter shopping day too . kim is a huge supporter of other local businesses and is also a part of anything where she can help encourage other owners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this little boutique . i came in for a state forty eight shirt and i also ended up buying another real cute shirt . the staff is incredibly nice and helpful . the prices vary but there has been a great sale every time i have been in . you can definitely find something cute to dress up or dress down in this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this local arizona boutique . i find something unique and great every time i shop . i love the events she has and all the local artisans she supports . kim , the owner , is gifted at fashion and really helps you find a great ensemble and ashley , the manager is just as great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice selection of clothes from up and coming designers . kim , the owner , is helpful and choses a nice selection of clothes and jewelry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like to shop from someone that has excellent customer service and buys local , then clothes minded is the store for you . i love the fact that you can choose from such a unique selection of clothes too . i love it . i get a lot of compliments when i wear their clothes or jewelry . lorraine tornga", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! they have cute clothes for all occasions for women . i love the events they throw too . kim , the owner , is great at giving fashion advice . highly recommended , stop by and check out what they have : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great local shopping boutique ! ! for christmas my husband bought me a belt i had been coveting for a long time . after giving me the gift , he told me about what great customer service he received . in addition to the awesome belt , he picked out a very cute bracelet that is unique and fun . so happy to have such a great store in our neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this unique boutique ! great jewelry and accessories to glam up any outfit ! this is where i go when i have something special going on and need a stand out piece ! the owner is so friendly and has a passion for what she does . a shop i will continue to go back to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome local az boutique ! unique clothing & jewelry at great prices , ashley the manager was super sweet and welcoming . will definitely return and a good place to shop with friends in beautiful ahwatukee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this theatre ! very high-quality productions and lots of talent . the theatre is comfortable and it 's easy to get a good seat , as it 's smaller and every seat is pretty good . i saw `` legally blonde '' here and it was like i was watching a broadway show ... really amazing and the talent blew me away . i saw it twice ! there is a variety of shows offered here , and the theatre offers group discounts . refreshments are usually available in the upstairs river room ... a place where the cast sometimes joins to mingle after a show . valet parking is across from the theatre .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my town hosts a dinner and show every so often and the show is most often a play held here at the chagrin valley little theatre . we sit in for the dress rehearsal . the plays musicals here are great ! very professional productions , good sets , and great actors . the theatre , as its title suggest , is small but that does n't stop them from putting on a big production ; like the drowsy chaperon . the drowsy chaperon is a musical that quickly became my favorite when i saw it performed at the cleveland playhouse . so although the chagrin theatre is much smaller they were more than able to pull off such a great comedic musical . my mother and i love coming here and happily await the next production .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tucked away behind the falls is a sweet little theater with amazing talent . small house and lobby - the lobby will add space and bathrooms soon . parking is limited due to other visitors in the area so drop off your party or prepare to walk a little . ticket sales online were a snap . first time here for the adams family ! front row seats allowed my son to see and the thrust stage meant he was practically on stage ! older building may be a challenge for those with limited mobility but if you see the management they will assist . walked down for ice cream after the matinee - dinner next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this little theater makes it worth a drive across town ! situated right in downtown chagrin , they host a bunch of plays and shows throughout the year . it 's a cute little theater with plenty of history . i went to see the addams family and i was very impressed by the talent that they bring in . it was well priced and very entertaining ! great sets too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! thank god i did n't want to buy anything . i walked through this entire dealership , from the front all the way to the back and into the service department and no one said hello to me . why does this happen at most motorcycle shops i go to ? it 's not like i do n't buy motorcycles , i have three of them in my garage and i 'm looking to replace the vespa with another one . definitely not going to be buying anything from these people ! i can say this they have a beautiful show room , excellent selection of bikes and accessories and zero customer focus ! sad state of our motorcycle country today ! i wo n't be back , and or buying a motorcycle from this place ever . good luck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not only are the rentals top quality , it 's a great group of support guys , especially dillon . thanks all for the wonderful rentals and top level support .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy ! ! ! mark is amazing - genuine , caring , and knows how to communicate . he made me a deal i could n't refuse ... now i am the prideful rider of a 2014 street triple 675 triumpth ! everyone i interacted with was just great . i will refer my friends to them ... thanks again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst experience that i have had dealing with ... ..ever ! ! ! i walked in with an approval letter and they never called me back which they had promised by mon . wednesday came around and no call not to mention they sold the bike that i was interested in . do n't bother with this place if you are serious about buying anything . there is no such thing as customer service or honesty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had been lusting after an mv agusta brutale since the 800s were announced . while on a trip to vegas i took advantage of the opportunity to see one in person before throwing down the money to order one from a dealership closer to home . i had a great experience talking with craig . even knowing that i was n't going to buy a bike from him , he took the time to answer my questions and talk bikes in general . when the dealer near my house fell through , i had such a positive experience with freedom cycles that it was worth it for me to get the bike through them and pay to have it shipped cross country . their professionalism , communication regarding any issues , and customer service would make them my go to dealership if i were in the area . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the advertised price ! do n't waste your time unless you buy into the extra fee hype . bike went from $ 1295 to $ 2464 and did n't have taxes and registration added in yet . very sneaky .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thanks for nothing ! found a bike we liked , and after attempting to negotiate a price we finally decided to pay the asking price , sent a text to the salesman telling him we were heading back for the bike , he said ok , `` please see me '' then let us drive back to the dealership to find that they had supposedly sold the bike out from under us after we texted to tell him we wanted it . this would have been the third bike purchased from this dealer . never again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good luck trying to buy a bike here . 30min inside this place and not 1 person approached me . today i was ready to buy a bike and this would have been my first purchase . kudos to you if you do n't have customer service and still be in business . being that we are in las vegas the hospitality capital of the world , this place is far from it . the mechanics working on the bikes had more to say than the people trying to sell them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrific dealer ! i rented a tiger 800 from mark and mike on monday . they let me ride off with their brand new bike in the rain . i was having so much fun that i was two hours late on the return on tuesday . no problem . free pick up and drop off at the airport . still cant believe my luck at stumbling onto them on my quick trip to vegas . really friendly and helpful staff to boot . these boys are going to sell and rent a ton of bikes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm 61 and this is the second triumph i have purchased in two years . it is easy to make a comparison . i bought a street triple r from a dealer last year , which was unremarkable . i bought a triumph tiger this year from freedom cycle and the experience was as positive as any big ticket purchase can be . it is always stressful negotiating for motorcycles and automobiles . i found this transaction to be quite pleasant . i was allowed to test drive whatever i wanted . i was treated courteously . there were no hidden agendas . they were very truthful and even extended a veteran discount the day after the sale because of some confusion about me being a veteran . i definitely endorse this shop and will continue to deal with them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is genuine and just plain awesome ! they really value their customers even after the sale and that says a lot . with the way they treat you , it makes you want to do business with them . a year after i purchased my bike , i admit that i was considering selling it . it 's still a great bike , it 's just that i do n't get to ride it too much . but then i call them up about something unrelated and their service made me want to keep the bike out of loyalty , without them even knowing my thoughts of selling it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a vespa from them recently . very informative and friendly . highly recommend this dealership !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there to buy my new mv agusta brutale 675 . from the beginning to the end costumer service was excellent . the shop has a really nice showroom with all the bikes . every first saturday in the month there is a bqq , so i got lunch there while checking out my new bike . i can highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dad and i were in vegas , and decided that we wanted to rent motorcycles , my dad went to get everything ready while i was at an event , and sean is the most helpful guy there , he had all the bikes ready for us when we were there , got us some gear and had us on our way in no time at all , on top of that he called us a cab when we were done so we could get back to our hotel , just a great overall experience , and enjoyed it all . thank you ! ! sean is the man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great dave one of the owners takes care of everybody personally they have a great selection of motorcycles to buy into room with great prices we had a little malfunction on one of the bikes on our ride out for the day everything was fine called up dave and within 15 minutes he had a brand-new bike out to us and we were riding within 20 minutes from the breakdown i would definitely recommend using this company anytime i 'm in vegas for a trip", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday i picked up my street triple r ! mark & kristina really made the buying process easy and hassle free . i really appreciate mark the owner going out of his way to speak with me and help me understand the bike i purchased , i 've bought bikes from the majority of dealers here in vegas and never had this kind of service . kristina god bless her , she made the whole finance portion so easy and was extremely professional and helpful . i ca n't say enough good things about this dealership , for sure will be back again to buy another bike one day . if your in the market for new motorcycle please do yourself a favor and go see mark and kristina before you buy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craig is the man ! awesome experience at this place . great low pressure dealership . great knowledge of riding and what bikes fit what style of riding . i came from a harley davidson xr1200x and was looking for something a little more powerful and sportier , but not a full on sport bike . i 'd read up on a few brands and checked them out as well . my top two were the triumph speed triple and the bmw f800r . i went to both dealerships and it was a no contest . freedom cycle gave me a great deal . worked with me , and they really seem to care after the sale , which is important to me . very important . ca n't say enough about these guys . thanks again to craig and the crew at freedom cycle . love the bike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought a vespa from these folk , they are so nice ! i was feeling a bit sheepish cause i was n't ready for a heavy bike yet , i kind thought i 'd feel silly all the way through.. but not at all though . the sales guy was super knowledgeable and super cool and helpful , the owner came out and said hello , there was a dog there lol . they delivered my bike for me cause i still need to get my license and that guy was super nice and helpful too , walked me through my entire bike ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to sean , kristina , and mark : thank you so much for helping me with my upgrade to the piaggio mp3 400cc . i heart it ! your excellent customer service can only be matched by your unparalleled sincerity . definitely a pleasurable experience doing business with you . i feel like i made new friends . y'all are awesome . already looking forward to my next bike purchase !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in an bought a thruxton 900 , mark and all his staff are super friendly and extremely helpful in answering all my questions overall it was a great experience . i am looking forward to seeing which motorcycle is next , definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rad people . helped me after a break down and were really nice . if i lived in vegas i would gladly spend my money there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big thank you to sean , craig the sales manager and the entire freedom cycle vegas team . you guys provide a hassle free and awesome buying experience ! ! hope to ride with you guys soon . the bonneville is a blast to ride ! i 'll come back for a thruxton next ! customer service a+++ staff knowledge a+++ you guys are honest and i look forward to stopping by more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a new 2016 america from new dealership , was freedom cycle is now eurocycle , bike is fantastic . dealership not so much , not impressed . went in , liked the america but wanted it equipped like the america lt. been a week now , ordered the wrong brackets for bags , did n't include sissy bar ( which is on the lt ) , have to pay extra now for that . ordered the wrong helmet for me , biggest thing no apology from sales just from mechanic . just get the feeling- too bad- wait and like it . well i do n't like it . but again love the bike .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "walking into freedom cycle is a great experience . i 've know mark ( owner ) for a long time , but his employees did n't know me . i felt very welcomed like they had known me forever . junior ( other mark ) was very helpful and had me in and out quickly to drop off my bike . i would highly recommend this shop for any of your bike needs , they have no problems working on my harley ... ..i 'll never go back to a harley dealership again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i totaled my old honda shadow phantom and came in looking for a replacement . unfortunately i could n't get my dream bike , but i settled for its badass little brother , triumph t'bird storm ! the staff was super kind and helpful all through the process ! overall i got a way better deal and it was super nice to deal with humans and not sales peeps ! p.s . i friggin love the bike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my review is based strictly on several visits to this dealership to drool on the latest and greatest from triumph . i 've not purchased a motorcycle there . however , the staff is incredibly friendly and willing to answer questions respectfully . the owner is usually there and loves to talk bikes . the dealership is spotless clean , very upscale and has a great selection of new and used bikes . plus , they will let you test ride many of the triumph bikes . i 've taken out a trophy 1200 and tiger adventure bike . both were incredible bikes and at the trophy is a the top of my list for the next sport-tourer . if you are in the market for a new or used mc , i 'd recommend stopping by freedom . triumph bikes have come a long way have a cool kind of exclusivity that other brands ca n't match . plus , the sound of the triple engines is awesome - kind of a wailing howl that is completely unique .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who likes dealerships ? normally nobody - especially not me . but mark and his crew over at freedom cycle are great . the made the entire process painless . not only am i incredibly happy with my street triple 675r ( her name is keira ) , but i have found a place to stop in , talk bikes and just hang out . this is no stealership - this is a place that we need more of in this community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place feels like home from the first moment you walk in and mark , the owner , walks up to shake your hand and has you pet his dog , tax . it 's a great experience . i bought my first motorcycle here , and it was a wonderful , low-pressure buying experience . i look forward to my next visit here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shop in town with a great staff ! bbq on saturday 8th february 11-4pm . come check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "parts department is not open on mondays ( huh ? ) . was looking for a usb plug specifically for a vespa , and they did n't carry it . i expected their parts selection to be better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i rented a bonneville and a vespa 150 plus jackets and helmets for a weekend ride . the dealership was exceptionally nice with an awesome staff . they were very relaxed with our return times and the insurance . they gave us great suggestions on where to ride . i only wish rental car companies could come with this level of service and actual human interaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome awesome ! ! ! totally handled every care & concern i had . my old bike shop dissolved so i was a little apprehensive in looking for a new place to do business with . top marks across the board ! ! ! i wanted a hard to find bike & my sales person sean got the owner & finance manager kristina involved immediately . the owner made several calls & made it happen . sean & kristina took total ownership of the situation & breezed me right through it . then , when i go to order parts , instead of saying `` that 's not my department '' kristina jumped into action & spent way more time with me then she should have . sean gave me updates throughout the whole process & it was easy as pie ! craig also went way out of his way to call me & introduce himself in case i needed anything answered at any time . looking forward to doing more business with them & i 'm still blown away at how knowledgeable & professional the staff is . real classy place all around", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this dealer ship is amazing ! it shattered all the stereo type we had about dealer ship and sales people . as a former motorcycle salesman i can say that chris from sales gave a great example of an honest and hard working professional person . i sent an email to inquire about a bike on saturday night and by sunday morning i got all my questions answered in straight , precise and to the point email . not only that , we kept emailing each other 's back and forth and he was patient in answering all my questions plus giving me options . event though i 'm still in the process of buying , i decided to write this review because this is not about winning or losing a deal but it about the good experience and the honor of negotiating and make things work , if it does n't work , then we met great people and a pleasant experience . thank-you chris and euro motorcycle sales for such an experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the no-pressure atmoshphere . they have a great selection of bike accessories too . craig is always great and super nice and helpful ! he even remembered me and the bike i purchased 2 years later . i recently got an aprilia and its good knowing i can trust them to service it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an eagle rider franchise which had nowhere near the same level of service as i had in other stores . to say it lightly the manager who served me was extremely rude . did n't even offer me insurance . my bike was poorly inspected , headlights were not working and stand was defective . given i take some of the reasponsibility for not inspecting myself but i was too excited to ride . they do offer really cool bikes though which you will not find anywhere else but be carefull what they advertise on their website is not necessarily what you will get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rented a triumph 1200 explorer ... ... awesome . craig was fantastic and this is the only place to rent a motorcycle in vegas . i only wish i could have stayed a few more days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "s.smith great place ! coming from ny , they took care of me right away . will always use them when i come cross country . thanks todd", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unprofessional , deceptive , and unethical business practices . even though their online inventory of motorcycles seems to be competitively priced , their exorbitant fees such as $ 380 documentation or $ 700 dealer 's shipping cost along with other non-sense fees will tally up to be even higher than most other dealerships . if you question all the tag-on fees , they wo n't respond to e-mails or return calls . save yourself much time and aggravation -- do business with your local dealer . euro cycles of las vegas has n't quite mastered e-commerce etiquette or courteous customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to buy a tiger 800xc in las vegas , but the dealership was not yet open . met mark for the first time outside in the parking lot . he ended up takeing me to his own house to see the bike he had in his garage . now that is service that is above and beyound the norm . his service people are very talented and extremly friendly to deal with . this was the best buying experience i ever had buying anything in las vegas . michael g", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your looking for triumph or mv agusta you will know your in the right place when looking around their showroom 's . when i was looking to purchase a 675 the timing must have been right because freedom cycle was not even open but i still stopped by to see what they had . i found what i was looking for right on the showroom floor . i met and spoke with the owner ; in conversation there was no sales pitch but just a down to earth guy who knows his product . with the transaction complete i have never looked back because they take care of me every step of the way . the customer service alone with worth more than the bikes they sell because your not going to find that at carters or ride now . every upgrade and request i have asked for they accommodated ; your always welcome to stop by and will always be greeted . its easy to say when i have the capability to purchase another bike this is the only place i am going .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rented a triumph tiger for 5 days from this dealership . the bike performed flawlessly for the entire trip . the bike was ready for me when i arrived early . everything was explained carefully and the guys at the dealership were very accommodating . dylllan in particular was very helpful . the whole rental experience was seamless and i would rent from them again in a heart beat . planning next years trip now , in fact .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after crashing my bike in the mojave , i had it towed to euro cycle . their service guys went out of their way to accommodate me and to get me back on the road that same day . i 'll always be grateful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just recently purchased a motorcycle here . no pressure sales ! great customer service ! great people ! the entire staff was friendly and made the buying process smooth and comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we flew in to the ces show and decided to rent two bikes . this place was great ! they were very easy to deal with and we rented two great bikes ! they were supposed to be filled with gas . one was not . however , when we returned it , they more then made up for it . when we rented it , they were closed the next day so they let us pick up the bikes a day early and came in special to let us return them . the bikes were beautiful and well maintained !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark the owner is awesome . i ca n't say enough about how great my experience with buying my first triumph was . they 've got a customer for life ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my bonnie here . great place and great people ! very friendly and knowledgable , and their hospitality is 10 10 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome people very friendly . i would n't be owning a bike right now if they did n't put a good word in for me . i owe them alot for doing this for me and will definitely always remember my experience here . definitely the friendliest dealer i have been to , and was just so easy going through all of the paperwork . props to them and definitely stop by here , even just to talk to the guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we scheduled renting two bikes from freedom last weekend . though they were closed , sean came and met us at the shop to set up the rental . professional and accommodating , his going above and beyond made my dad 's trip out here so much better . to top it off , the bikes were in fantastic shape and ran incredibly . looking forward to renting from them again and referring them to everyone i can !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming to this shop ! it 's got the nicest bikes displayed out on the floor and the staff is amazing ! everyone is so nice there and they always make you feel like they 've known you forever . the customer service is more than you can ask for and the shop has so much to look at ... i 'm in awe every time i walk in there ! ! if you have n't checked them out , you need to do it the next time you 're in the area . we stop by every time we 're in vegas.. it 's a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had one of the best motorcycle purchasing experiences ever at freedom . all the guys and gals are top of their game . a special thank you to craig ... he took the time to help ensure the bike matched where my riding interests ( aka getting older ) are headed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge flw fan . well , i 'm not huge . but man do i love his work . growing up in the midwest got me spoiled . if you have n't read `` devil in the white city '' yet , run to your nearest bookstore and get it . gives you an insight into chicago that you wo n't get elsewhere , but i digress . this is a must see when you 're in scottsdale . i mean , i insist . if you do n't go , we will not be speaking until you do . it 's not just the architecture . it 's the beautiful combination of both the man made world and the awe inspiring world of nature . this is one of my favorite places on earth . it gives me hope for some strange reason . that we still have an ability to combine two worlds into one . and that one world is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frank lloyd wright is one my favorite architects . he was a futuristic visionary of his period . even though his designs were popular after the turn of the century , today his style can still be considered contemporary in the sense of the word modern . you can take a docent guided tour in which you are lead to his living quarters , theater , the school , the reflection pool , and landscaping . there is an apprenticeship training by the architects of the taliesin fellowship as well as professionals in the field . as you are guided through the home , you 'll hear how tragedy struck his family . this is a must see if you are traveling to phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can i live here too ? ? ? ? taliesin is awesome ! what happened to architecture in america ? we went from visionaries like flw to mass produced mega-neighborhoods where every house looks the same & with any luck will stand for no more than 50 years . taliesin west is a great example of embracing nature into architecture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many families like to have a nice family photo hanging over their fireplace . or maybe a pretty landscape . my family ? we had an architectural rendering by frank lloyd wright of the guggenheim museum . so it goes when your dad is an architect . having been to more than my fair share of architectural historic sites , i can with some authority say that the frank lloyd wright foundation does a better than average job keeping taliesin west preserved ( especially considering the buildings were designed to be temporary structures ) and giving visitors a good history of wright 's work and the role this studio played in his life . my only complaint is that they really gloss over some of the more scandalous parts of wright 's life , including the that fact that his third wife `` stole '' flw 's body 25 years after his death , had it cremated , and scattered his ashes in the sculpture garden here . you think they 'd mention that on the tour , but you 'll have to rely on your architect father to tell you that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i took 27 of my relatives here on a cold gloomy day and it was still amazing ! even though i have been here quite a few times before , i still learned things from our tour guide that i did not know about this amazing place . if you are visiting or have a guest visiting phoenix this place is a must ! some tour guides are better than others , but the gentleman we ended up with this last time around was phenomenal ! also , i would actually recommend going about two three days after a big rain storm because all of the desert flowers will bloom and it looks absolutely beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "architecture and wright fans will find a trek to taliesin west to be a true treat . the tours only operate from may thru september because the fellowship ( architecture school ) winters at taliesin west and summers at taliesin east ( spring green , wisconsin ) beware of the summer months as the heat will definitely distract you and you will not draw as much from the experience . several types of tours are available including tours of the student architect tents ( a wright tradition where the students had to go build shelters in the desert on the property with a very limited amount of resources ) as always you should call ahead to schedule and see what is available . i have taken numerous individuals on the tour and never walked away disappointed , different tour guides see and interpret wright style and history in different ways thus the experience is slightly unique each time as each offers an enriching perspective . the gift shop has an excellent variety of art , books , dvds , ties , pens , and other unique items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fine example of how someone can build something so unique and spectacular when not shackled by the handcuffs of a corrupt hoa . a definite must see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "flw ftw ! if you have any interest in frank lloyd wright , it 's pretty much a no-brainer to take a trip to taliesin west if you 're in the area . i took the 90-minute tour and had an excellent guide , dierdre , whose knowledge of flw 's life and works , as well as the minutiae of taliesen west , made it a very informative visit . well worth the $ 30+ price of admission .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a frank lloyd wright fan , you definitely need to go here and go on the tour . he was such an innovator , and many of his signature designs are incorporated here . really cool . he may have been a bit of a jerk as a human being , but his talent was incomparable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very impressive . frank lloyd wright was an asshole of a man based on what i learned about him and how he treated his ( beard ? ) wife in the overpriced ( $ 30 ) 1.5 hour tour . we did n't even get to see the kitchen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we made reservations online to buy tickets for the 90 minute tour . our tour was at 2pm and it was probably the worst time to have it as it was scorching hot outside and 1 2 the tour was outdoors . at least they offered umbrellas and complimentary bottled water . our tour guide , john was knowledgeable and had lots to say that we went a few minutes over of our 90 minute tour . it was interesting to see the various rooms and learn about frank lloyd wright 's unique style . it was funny to see all the low ceilings and low doors as he made everything to his size thinking that was `` normal . '' we even learned about the lighting techniques that he developed . i especially liked the architectural design of the underground cabaret theater . i would n't mind watching a show there . if you have a slight bit of interest in architecture , you 'll enjoy the visit here . not for kids though ... they 'll be bored .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing tour ! ! our tour guide was so knowledgeable and friendly . the gift shop is amazing . easy , large parking lot . bathrooms clean . what an unbelievable experience . so glad we took this tour on our corporate trip . ca n't wait to go back ! this is a must do ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taliesin west has much improved in its upkeep since my last visit . overall the place is better maintained than in previous years . there is even a new gift shop with all the fllw paraphernalia . the surge in popularity in fllw has definitely helped to raise funds to maintain the buildings in taliesin west . if you are interested in architecture or in frank lloyd wright , then this is a good place to pay a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy to get to this place and plenty of parking . simple check in , the guy at the entrance already had everyone 's name on the list and ready to go . beautiful property and architecture and beautiful view but not so crazy with the electric wires nearby on frank loyd wright blvd it 's the governments fault not to bury them underground . our guide was nice but unfortunately he did n't have all the knowledge . for example i asked what is the different between the canvas roof ( used in all taliesin buildings ) and the regular roof that most people use in arizona , he did n't know . but overall it was a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge fan of flw actual architecture aside from falling water but the man was no doubt interesting and is pretty much the most important figure in american architecture . so while my friends were still sleeping off their hangover from the night before , i decided to head up to bfe and check out taliesin west . i was not disappointed . the price point was bit heavy at $ 30 but the tour was led by an extremely informative guide and lasted about an hour and a half . i do n't know much about architecture myself so it was nice to have a guide who pointed out the little architectural details that i would n't have noticed on my own . the guide also did a good job of connecting how experiences in flw 's life translated into the architectural elements he incorporated in his works . i definitely had a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate paying $ $ $ for a tour , but this was worth it - paid $ 26 ( a discount , since it was a tuesday ) for a 90-minute tour - very interesting ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful place that makes me so happy to go here ! the only reason i have put one less star is because of the cost . always recommend people to visit , but is rather expensive for a family of four to go . many museums or homes of art will offer one day a week or month at a discounted rate enabling people to experience this wonderful place . otherwise seeing the lay out has been inspiring to my husband and i building our own compound . it is not only wonderful to see it preserved so well , but to see the future of architecture going on !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tour by a knowledgeable guide , we did the basic tour that tells about wright 's life and his work at taliesin west . he was brilliant , it was a great tour because the place is still a working school rather than a museum , so you can touch things and see up close where he lived and did his work . much more hands on than other tours of historical people 's homes i 've been on . he was brilliant ; i would go back and do other tours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out of all the tourist attractions in the area this was the best . how often do you get to go through a private residence and touch and feel the merchandise ? you get to sit in the living area and hear about the materials , the landscape , the thought behind building in the dessert . unique location , unique architecture and blazing hot sun ... ..try to plan your visit or go in early morning . we had a wonderful breezy day here and enjoyed the 90 minute tour . bring water bottles with you as there is nowhere to grab something to drink until the end . beautiful gift shop as well and a cute little cafe area in the back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , pay the $ 35 . i was hesitant , but you get an hour and a half tour that 's actually super interesting as it tells you about the house and about frank lloyd wright 's life . this home is living , as it is used by students getting their master 's degree . there are so many quirky parts to this house and you can only see it through the tour . at the end , they have an package option to see more of wright 's homes and the less than $ 60 price seems to be worth it ( especially since this tour alone was $ 35 ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tour experience , especially if you are an architecture and or f.lloyd wright fan . i took the 90 minute tour and learned tons . my only wish was that i was not leaving phoenix that same day , in which case , i may have taken a longer tour . incredible experience for art , architecture and or design buffs . btw , if you can get tom as your tour guide , you 're in for a treat ( he 's really knowledgeable ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best experiences ever ! i love architecture and frank lloyd wright is my favorite architect . for christmas my girlfriend bought the extended behind the scenes tour and loved every minute of it . they take you to the guest house , bedroom , dinning room , drafting studio , and 2 performance areas . they serve tea and a small snack and tell stories about the property , school , and architect the whole time . the guide was very knowledgeable , friendly and engaging . the property is beautiful and there is so much to see and enjoy . they have a nice gift shop and i would go back to take more tours anytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such an interesting and beautiful place ! we enjoyed the hour and one half tour , and it was just the right amount of time . our tour guide was outstanding . we learned so much , and would gladly visit again . come a bit early , as parking was a challenge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here in september and took the 90-minute tour of taliesin west . our tour guide was knowledgeable and kept everyone interested . the grounds are beautiful and immaculately kept . photography is allowed for most of the tour ( your tour guide will tell you which parts are off limits ) so i would recommend that anyone visiting bring a camera since there are lots of opportunities for great photos to take home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the great experiences for anyone who likes art or architecture . i 'm so happy we decided to see it . the architecture is extraordinary , of course , but the tour guide also fills in so much about the nuts and bolts behind the work , you gain a much greater appreciation for it . the tour we took ( grey ticket ) took about an hour and a half .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our guide was paula , and for 90 minutes she expertly guided us through the winter home of frank lloyd wright . if you are interested in architecture and the thought processes of a great innovator , the tour spotlights mr. wright 's genius while it at the same time explains the lives of the people who lived there and how the property went from a winter home to a permanent school of architecture . fantastic place . it made me want to visit taliesin in wisconsin as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great way to see the summer home of frank lloyd wright . great to see the relationship between nature and structure . well kept school . our tour guide nicole a . was not very knowledgeable about the structute , history of the school and current family . for the price it would be expected for the guide to have more than just surface information . appreciation of the environment not freely encouraged .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we did the 90 minute tour and had a great and knowledgable tour guide . it was great to actually sit in his chairs and walk through many of his buildings ! well worth the money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our guide jim was absolutely fantastic ! such a wealth of knowledge and he really made history come alive ! the entire campus is so rich with details and just pure genius . it 's almost hard to put into words to describe it , all i can say is if you enjoy architecture , art and history just go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to see the work of an architectural genius . our docent was terrific . do n't miss this bit of history .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be sure before you come here that you like the work of frank lloyd wright , because the guides are all true converts , and so you had better be at least an initiate . the property itself is beautiful in a down to earth ( haha , inside joke for fllw fans ) kind of way , and perfectly illustrates much of his philosophy where everything in the environment is the domain of the architect , not just the building but the landscaping , the furniture , the lighting , the decorative art adornments . our guide had been with the fellowship for over 20 years . she was informative , cheerful , and funny . she took the time to answer all our questions and to allow us to take photos . your mileage may vary depending on who you get for a tour guide but in chatting with some of them i got the feeling they were all very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a must-see if you visit the phoenix scottsdale area . we went years ago before the guided tours and had a much better experience this time learning so much about frank lloyd wright . our tour went a bit over the 90 minutes because our amazing docent guide don kept regaling us with stories about frank lloyd wright ! ( to our delight ) . fascinating facts and stories ! take along a hat and water bottle since you stand in the sun awhile . the gift shop is also wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i did the 1.5 hour tour-you can buy tickets online to save a few dollars . nice gift shop with interesting architectural books . the tour guide was friendly and informative . the house itself is looking a bit dated . some of the best views are from outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really cool place to visit if you 're into architecture and or history . the winter home of frank lloyd wright , taliesin west is also an archetictural school that houses about 30 students . the tour takes about an hour , but there are more comprehensive options , i believe the longer tour is 3 hours . the cost for 2 of us was about 50 bucks , but it was worth every penny to see the beautiful campus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful . a great community partner , and super-nice tourist attraction . great place to take out-of-town visitors for the day who want to learn more about the eclectic modern 20th century artist slash architect who lived among us for a great period of time . frank lloyd wright has a nice following . staff is super friendly . tour guides are highly educated on the nuances of flw , his life , works , time spent in az , and his properties . great story . must see - maybe a few times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brilliant ! it 's worth the drive to really see nature at its best . this was the highlight of our trip . if you love , history , vision and beauty all in one , you 'll enjoy this tour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely afternoon spent at taliesin . my husband is an architect so he enjoyed all of the beautiful design touches . as a non-architect i think it was an afternoon well spent -- -beautiful grounds and it was nice to learn about the life and passions of flw . paula our tour guide was a delight ! def recommend visiting if you 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent tour , exceeded expectations . our guide amy gave us great context and perspective . scenic vistas and architectural magic . we lucked out on a 90 minute tour with just 4 people . sculpture display was a highlight . sitting in the living room was enchanting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a beautiful place . the guides are nice and pass one some great info . i 've done the 60 and 90 minute tour , both were enjoyable . gift shop has some great treats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm the biggest history buff i know and love to study frank lloyd wright 's personal and architectural history . however , this place is way overpriced at $ 36 per person for a 90 minute tour ... and that 's the cheapest tour available . though it is a great structure with amazing decor , it is not worth the price . gift shop is also very pricey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband just finished watching some history special on frank lloyd wright before making the visit to arizona . once we heard that there was a museum , we had to visit . the price per ticket is $ 25 for a 90-minute tour . it 's a bit pricey ! it 's not a typical museum ; it is a working architectural school . you go on a guided tour in a large group that starts approximately at the top of the hour or so . the tour guide was entertaining , smart , and a previous student . it was a fantastic learning experience ! if you are looking for something to do and you have the money to spend , you should make a visit here . it 's not a place i would visit again , but it is worth going once . we were impressed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of frank 's homes not to miss ! the tours are reasonable and i only wish i were around longer to take advantage of the specialty ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! frank lloyd wright 's architecture is just amazing . beautiful , natural , and relaxing . the tour was really engaging and interesting . even my 10 year old and his friend were interested and paying attention the whole time . worth the trip to see it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal ! did the 90 minute tour and was greatly impressed . you can take all the photos you want except in the living spaces , but otherwise what a chance to to shoot some good frames ! highest recommendation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing tour with a guide that was very knowledgeable and entertaining . the prize of the 90 minute tour was a bit steep but well worth it after the fact . i will be back for the shelter tour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i wanted to visit the place ever since we moved here from boston and when we finally shelled out $ 25 for the one hour tour , it was somewhat disappointing . $ 25 is a bit much for basically a tour of the campus and history of the school . other than the theatre , the `` bunker '' , and the movie theater , we did n't get to see any of what made flw so famous , the prairie style interior , the built in furniture , the stained glass windows , etc.. we feel with paying $ 25 , one should at least get a glimpse of that , even falling water 's ticket is cheaper . we were certainly disappointed and expected much more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we enjoyed our recent visit here . in a 90 minute tour , which was enough for us , our tour guide john did an excellent job with his narration and even broke out his rendition of ragtime on one of the pianos ! he was clever , funny and very engaging . i would highly recommend a visit here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very inspiring if you appreciate architecture , use of space , and have dreams of building your own remote compound someday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over four years ago i went to this establishment to see whether or not it was suitable for a long-term stay as i was going to be driving a cab for the business directly across the street . the woman from czech republic showed me the room and was unusually impatient and abrupt as i asked her relevant questions about wifi , weekly rates and more . she then became belligerent and almost hostile toward me with a bad attitude and i realized i wanted no part of this place . i decided on a motel next door and could n't be happier . sadly , she she 'll never know that her inability to be even remotely polite has probably cost her in excess of 40k .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this motel ! it is very family friendly , and the rooms are clean and nice . the staff is serbian ( not from the czech republic ) , and are very nice people . the rooms are also inexpensive , and have weekly and monthly rates . we were even given a basket filled with fruit and chocolate ! the location is near a pharmacy , banks , grocery stores , etc . and even though mesa may not seem like the best area , del rio lodge made up for it . i recommend this to everyone who comes to mesa for vacation , and this is my go-to place for overnight visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came into town for a friend 's wedding last minute . i needed a place to stay and did n't want to bug anyone because of the short notice . i was referred to the del rio by another friend . the rooms are not what you would find at a national chain but they were clean and comfortable . i had a full kitchen with dishes , pots and pans , silverware and anything else you would need . the east valley freeways are all near . the light rail is directly in front of the property , which will get you to the asu campus , downtown phoenix and sky harbor airport . the grounds of the hotel are well maintained . there is also a nice laundry facility . i ended up staying for 10 days total . it was always quiet at night and i was always comfortable . i will be staying here again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a scam ! thank god i cancelled my card before they charged it . they cold called me one night and offered me a package that really was to good to be true $ 349 for 4 days and three nights at the linq or sls . i had just reserved 3 days and two nights at another hotel off the strip for a total cost of $ 500+ so i jumped at the great deal . just like we always hear if it sounds to good to be true ... run . these people are calling you to scam you . when i would call them they would never answer the phone . the emails bounced back . i am just grateful that i was able to cancel my card before they got to it . no one hurt ... .. just a lesson learned : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to make things worse these jokers lied to amex and said i did not request a refund so i had to send the proof which fortunately i had a copy of the email which is all i needed to complete the claim . these people are unbelievable liars . wow !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these people are a scam ! ! ! ! beware . i 'm going to call the police if they keep calling me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it should be `` 0 '' or zero . stay away from their calls , emails , and all the connection . 100 % scam ! before you doanything , check their yelp first ! dxxm , why i did not learn this !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "scam ! do n't get near them . we received a phone call from them 6 months ago offering a hotel package in las vegas . we paid them the full amount and when we tried to book our hotel , they said they were overbooked and we could use it in january 2017 . we tried to book a reservation for january and they ignore our calls and emails . this past week , we were in las vegas and went to their office . the office is closed , no one is there . left another voicemail message the same day and said we would give them a bad review if they did not return our call but even so , no one called us back . we learned they are subcontractors for worldwide vacation club and located in the same building .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ripoff , scam , they do not answer phone , voicemail is full . have not had a reply to email yet . i purchased in february 2016 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "actually 0 stars ! beware this place is a scam ... we purchased hotel stay for vegas and was told we had 2 years to use , needless to say just a month later we tried to book it and they tell us we did n't pay for it that they wanted us to send them a check to fulfill the deal . checked the charge account and guess what , the charge was there ! called them back and they would n't answer , so we called from a blocked number and low & behold they answer . told them we had the statement showing that they charged the card , well to shorten the review a lawyer has been contacted along with the credit card company . so be careful not all deals are actually deals !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely run if they call you ! this is a ripoff , do n't subject yourself to this headache . i have been calling them every single day , several times a day , and sending e-mails with no response . i have complained to the better business bureau and they do not respond to them . they take your money and that is the last you hear from them . they will not refund your money and the only hotel available is the oldest and cheapest places in vegas . never buy a package deal to vegas on cold calls , they will rip you off ! look at all the other people listed here saying how they are a ripoff !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "scam ! ! ! ! do not purchase any trips from ez travel las vegas , these people should be put in jail ! they lie , they scam , and it is a joke . we purchased the 4 day 3 night to vegas , tried calling a few months later to book the trip ! the phone number is disconnected and they do not return emails . they need to be turned into the consumer finance protection bureau !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this organic butcher deli coffee shop is unique and as its name implies features fresh ingredients . i have been a couple of times and pleased with the service , pricing and quality of products . i bought one of the pastries on my last visit and it was awesome . the butcher carries standard meats like chicken , beef and pork but some rather unique meat sources as well . check it out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been hearing from a friend of mine to check this place out for a long time . finally stopped in , love it ! ! ! defiantly give it a shot , i preferred everything that we got over that other sausage place in old brooklyn , or anything at the big building in ohio city ! ( you know what i mean ) brought home bison bacon , slovenian sausages , pork tenderloin , and smokies ! ! ! have also had lamb chops , and their fresh cut steaks at a friends house , just did n't pick any up on our first visit . ( way too cold for me to be grilling ! ! ) will recommend over the places i used to frequent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local butcher . they have amazing homemade sausages . i am a big fan of there chorizo . they will also cut anything to specification . i like thick cut meats and they always cut it fresh for me . after only a few visits they all remember me and know exactly what i like . to me the service could n't get any better . during the summer they grill out on saturdays . try the kielbasa burger . it is pretty amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to add something to my recent review . fresh had something available which may be unique to them : dork sausage . yes , dork sausage . for a second i thought you had to be a reddit ( which i love , btw ) reading gamer to buy it , but , no , it 's their concoction of pork and duck . and it 's seriously delish . actually , could n't believe how good it was . just one more reason why we love fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disclaimer : i have n't actually been here . i am giving 5 stars because that 's their current average rating , and i do n't want to change it . i was a little confused about what this place is from reading the reviews and visiting their website . it was n't clear to me whether it was a deli for take-out only , or also a restaurant with tables to eat-in . so i called . they do have a sandwich menu and some tables for people to sit and eat . but they do n't have any high chairs , which is why i opted not to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a half a hog from them , with a 2 week lead time . they did not inform me that they would not have it until the day it was supposed to completely butchered and ready . this left me in a bind because i then could not do anything at the last minute . they told me they order a week ahead , and have the hog for several days before it is butchered . how can they wait until the last minute to inform the customer , that they will not fulfill their order ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the first time i had my deer processes here . the staff was very friendly . the deer came back quickly and clean . the jerky , smokey , and sausages where the best i have had . i highly recommend `` fresh butcher deil cafe '' to anyone and i will be bringing any of my future hunt here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about this place ! ! i have been coming here for years , everything is delicious , and mike puts his whole heart into his business ! i wo n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a spring tune up & check . they recommended that when we buy a new a c , that we buy a high static one because it would handle the under-ducting much better than the standard unit we currently have . they also recommended a unit with an air cleaner , built right into the a c. most of the a c people in the past did not take the time to suggest a resolution to our over-worked unit and under-ducted issue . many wanted to sell us a new unit but , infinity ( adian ) suggested one that would actually resolve our a c issues or at least help considerably . both seem like excellent suggestions that we may very well and probably will eventually buy , although we plan to work our current unit to death or nearer to it - to get our money 's worth out of it before we send it on its way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why you keeping on lying i had no flier from other company we never get fliers only solicitation calls.and you where one off them you female employee called me 2times . the 1st time i was leaving town.she offers to lower price to 29 $ wich is cheap . matt told me his first visit 250 $ i told him no.i knew was to high . and when you called me you where upset about my review and asked me to take it down and you offers then 125 $ so stop lying and making up stories . when matt came and showed me the coil it was small coil and the stuff i got is good does not hurt coils.matt then said 100 $ n i still said no . that 's why u are more pissed off and now u are fabricated lies trying to cover up your lies .you are a ripoff when you see something wrong you show the costumer right away and do n't close everything close.m then come down give costumer a price on paper.u did n't do that . and the cleaner i got is good and save and did great.very clean .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have scheduled an appointment with the owner of the business , adian martin , and he did n't show up . ever since he is ignoring my emails , never called or emailed me to apologize , never explained himself . he wasted my time and money , irresponsible owner = irresponsible business . find someone else to hire", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my wedding rings resized i received excellent service , they were very helpful , everyone was so nice and they listened to all my concerns , they even cleaned them for me ... they have some great pieces ... i would highly recommend them to other people..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been shopping at the jewelsmith for many years . the place is amazing . if you are expecting some big chain store , do n't . these are real people that have been in the business for a long , long time . they have everything from estate jewelry to custom jewelry . they repair watches and jewelry . sue , bridget and tilly are fantastic to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great jewelers ! outstanding knowledge of jewelry and gemstones . from their wide selection of fine jewelry to their expert repair work , the staff is exceptionally helpful and a pleasure to deal with they cater to your every need . if you need jewelry repaired this is the place to go . i had a very good experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . when no one is in the store you might wan na greet your customers . 2 . $ 10 for a watch resizing seems a bit steep especially when 3 . do n't damage the item brought in and then look confused about it ... glad it was a quick service but the attitudes of everyone there just seem lackluster for a jewelry shop ... just saying . and i 'm glad that i was able to bend the watch joint back into place , although that was pretty disconcerting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can not believe how lucky tempe is , to have such a friendly , knowledgeable store with such a variety of jewelry ! i have found the most unique pieces of jewelry there ! they make lots of their own jewelry in addition to beautiful vintage turquoise , estate jewelry and of course , new retail jewels ! i also bought an antique wall clock that is quite lovely ! i always want something different : maybe a one of a kind larimar stone , or an estate piece . sue , bridget and tilly are so accommodating , have great knowledge of their inventory & as a special bonus , there is freddie- an absolutely wonderful schnauzer who helps out , ha ! he is wonderful though ! stop in and see for yourself . p.s . there 's never any sales pressure either - very important when shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here twice to get batteries replaced on my watches . excellent and fast service . they also have a great selection if you 're looking to buy something new . you can even walk to bikini beans and get coffee : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my ring repaired - very fast friendly service ! i 'll return . tilly was great ! my ring looks brand new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my girlfriend 's ring resized . only took 20min ! very friendly staff ! ring looks amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best and most reasonable jewelry re-sizing or repair ... i 've used their service multiple times ... quality work ! or if you want to shop , brigett and tillie will help you find newly designed pieces , estate items , or silver turquoise pieces . i spent a ridiculous amount of time in their store recently while they helped me choose just the right piece ! helpful and knowledgeable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first tattoo done at colossus with chip and i am more impressed than ever . this place is awesome ! ! clean shop , friendly atmosphere , and great prices . of all the tattoo shops i have been i am so glad chip finally has his own place because it is definitely the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very great experience at this shop great location and amazing tattoo artists.cant go wrong with any of their artist especially chipp ... chipp did a killer job on my arm and i cant wait to get the rest of my upper body done by them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chipp ! is my favorite ! not only he does awesome work , his personality makes me keep going back to satisfy my tattoo cravings . this parlor is very clean and friendly . artists are very fun and easy to talk to and do n't make you feel intimidated even for the tattoo verigins", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely clean shop ! if you want good work and a shop that answers the phone and makes appointments without a run around , then you have to try colossus . ian is a well rounded artist and understands his clients . the atmosphere is calming and the setup is clean . stop searching and get your work done here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to ian to redo three tattoos that i was not happy with that i got in tucson . my tattoos look completely different now . ian is a true miracle worker with amazing talent . his realism technique is astonishing . ian was extremely respectful and very easy to get along with . the shop had really good vibes as well as all of the workers . i will forever recommend ian to anyone and everyone . he was hands down the best tattoo artist i have ever come into contact with . thank you ian for doing such an amazing job and having superb customer service skills . highly recommend checking out ian and the shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super essen , auch f\u00fcr karnivore wie mich ( keine angst , man wir auch satt ) . sch\u00f6ne atmosph\u00e4re . man sollte den veganerstammtisch meiden , wenn man nicht zu selbigem menschenschlag geh\u00f6rt und nur mittelm\u00e4\u00dfiges integrationspotenzial hat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kreative k\u00fcche & super leckeres essen - auch f\u00fcr nicht-veganer und nicht-vegetarier ein absolutes muss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das essen im k\u00f6rle und adam ist sehr sehr lecker und auf wirklich hohem niveau ! die zusammenstellung der gerichte ist super abgestimmt und sehr kreativ . das lokal ist gem\u00fctlich und das personal zuvorkommend und freundlich . man f\u00fchlt sich einfach wohl . wir werden mit sicherheit bald wiederkommen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren gestern dort zu gast und es hat einfach super lecker geschmeckt . klar , der preis ist gehoben , aber die portionen waren angemessen und alles war irgednwie etwas ganz besonderes . der laden war voll , die bedienung ausgesprochen nett . es ist sicher nicht unbedingt etwas f\u00fcr jeden tag aber es lohnt sich wirklich . wir haben zu zweit unter 80 , - bezahlt , mit mehreren getr\u00e4nken und 3 g\u00e4ngen . das ist eigentilch absolut ok .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man wird immer freundlich begr\u00fc\u00dft , so auch dieses mal . der gew\u00fcnschte tisch war reserviert , es war auch kein problem , dass wir mit weniger personen kamen . die speisekarte ist klein , aber durchaus ausreichend , leider wiederholen sich die gerichte , sodass es selten etwas wirklich neues auf der karte gibt . auch wenn man das restaurant nur einmal im monat besucht die zutaten sind frisch , das essen ist schmackhaft und reichhaltig , die bedienung freundlich und aufmerksam . wir gehen gerne in das restaurant , w\u00fcrden uns aber mehr abwechslung w\u00fcnschen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "t\u00e4glich wechselnde speisen , keine feste karte , bis auf die getr\u00e4nke . ; ) mit viel liebe und aus \u00f6kologischer landwirtschaft . sehr lecker , sehr nette bedienung , gehobene preiskategorie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im raum stuttgart mein absolutes lieblingsrestaurant ! ! ! ! ! auch als veganerin werden meine kulinarischen bed\u00fcrfnisse vollstens erf\u00fcllt , fantastisches essen , gem\u00fctliches ambiente genial ! ! und seit 2012 v\u00f6llig fleischfrei und damit auch noch absolut zukunftsorientiert ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rom ist eine reise wert . feuerbach mit sicherheit nicht . aber ins koerleundadam sollte man mit sicherheit einmal einen abstecher wagen . ich bin alt- und neustuttgarter . verzweifelnd suchend , weil das orginelle in stuttgart nicht gerade auf der stra\u00dfe liegt . im koerleundadam findet man dann doch sein gl\u00fcck . vielleicht auch , weil es so unscheinbar an der stra\u00dfe liegt , so dass der uneingeweihte kaum hineingehen w\u00fcrde . die karte - sofern man denn von einer sprechen kann - ist exzellent . die weinauswahl sehr zufriedenstellend und die ambiente lebendig . sehr viel mehr kann man von einem guten restaurant nicht verlangen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "- essen ist ober mega lecker - super freundliche bedienung - sch\u00f6ne gem\u00fctliche atmosph\u00e4re - rund um zufrieden - definitiv ein besuch wert : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "immer wieder gerne komme ich hierher , sei es im sommer im stilvoll-gem\u00fctlichen hof , in dem man sich wie mitten in der toskana f\u00fchlt , oder in den mit kerzenlicht illuminierten gastr\u00e4umen . einfach eine wunderbare wohlf\u00fchlatmosph\u00e4re . dazu kommt eine speisekarte , die trotz ihrer knappheit , weil immer alles frisch zubereitet , es einem schwer macht , auszuw\u00e4hlen , weil man angesichts des neugierig machenden angebots sich nicht entscheiden kann . da helfen einem die men\u00fcvorschlage . wer sich verw\u00f6hnen lassen und einen besonderen abend erleben will , ist genau hier richtig . aufmerksamer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "k\u00f6rle und adam hat es sich zur aufgabe gemacht , lokale gerichte etwas aufzupeppen und die karte klein zu halten . wer experimentierfreudig ist , findet hier auf jeden fall etwas . die `` mainstream '' -esser sollten eher nicht hingehen . kreationen sind immer frisch und lecker . preise finde ich etwas zu hoch . ambiente ist eine mischung aus mediterranem flair und weinstuben-atmosph\u00e4re . ab und zu ist dies eine nette abwechslung .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "irgendwann hatten alexander koerle und thomas adam genug davon , in einem vereinsheim stets die gleichen gerichte zuzubereiten . kreationen , die vom altbekannten abwichen waren da nicht erw\u00fcnscht . seit dem jahr 2000 widmen sie sich deshalb ausschlie\u00dflich gaumenfreuden , die ihnen pers\u00f6nlich spa\u00df machen . in ihrem eigenen lokal `` koerleundadam '' . das gasthaus in der feuerbacher-tal-stra\u00dfe hatte in den vergangenen jahren h\u00e4ufig wechselnde p\u00e4chter . koerle und adam haben es sich dort gem\u00fctlich eingerichtet , mit rustikalen ankl\u00e4ngen , aber ohne jede beh\u00e4bigkeit . im sommer kann man drau\u00dfen sitzen . die karte wechselt t\u00e4glich , und was es n\u00e4chste woche geben wird , das wissen die beiden gastronomen nicht . `` wir haben kein festes konzept '' , sagt thomas adam . aber zumindest ein wichtiges ziel : kochen nach dem lustprinzip . das scheint beim publikum anzukommen . das restaurant ist jeden abend gut besucht . erst k\u00fcrzlich endeten die `` franz\u00f6sischen wochen '' . ( teilweise aus ahgz entnommen )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unser letzter besuch bei k\u00f6rle & adam war eher entt\u00e4uschend als angenehm . diesmal gab es nur noch vegetarische gerichte mit \u00fcberschaubarer auswahl aus saisonalen zutaten . auf die getr\u00e4nke m\u00fcssten wir l\u00e4nger warten , obwohl au\u00dfer uns keine g\u00e4ste im restaurant waren . wir nahmen spargelragout und schafsk\u00e4se mit gebr . gem\u00fcse . die zutaten waren frisch , jedoch ohne kreativit\u00e4t zubereitet . wir verlie\u00dfen das lokal umgehend nach dem essen . das eher versteckte und schlichte restaurant galt f\u00fcr uns bisher als geheimtipp , aber nach diesem besuch werden wir nicht noch mal kommen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u00fcber geschmack l\u00e4sst sich bekanntlich streiten , aber was bei k\u00f6rle und adam serviert wird , ist schon was besonderes . die preise sind nicht gerade niedrig , aber was die beiden wollten , ist sicher kein billig-hin-und-mit . das lokal ist sehr gem\u00fctlich , fast schon urig , und was mir pers\u00f6nlich prima dran gef\u00e4llt : es geh\u00f6rte zu den ersten nichtraucherlokalen in stuttgart . wie herrlich , wenn man riechen darf , was der kellner an uns vorbeitr\u00e4gt , wenn man pl\u00f6tzlich wahr nimmt , dass irgendwo ein espresso gebr\u00fcht wird , und das alles ohne st\u00f6rende rauchschwaden . ein v\u00f6llig anderes geschmacks- und dufterleben .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waren zusammen mit freunden da , altes haus mit schlechten parkm\u00f6glichkeiten , lage nicht besonders sch\u00f6n , einrichtung etwas zusammengew\u00fcrfelt , brennende kerzen alleine machen noch kein gutes ambiete , keine tischdecken , schlechte l\u00fcftung , deshalb war es auch dr\u00fcckend warm , publikumsdurchschnitt 40-50 , service sehr l\u00e4ndlich und den anspr\u00fcchen nicht angemessen , speisekarte halt sehr einseitig auf nicht fleisch essende g\u00e4ste ausgelegt ( 1 fleischgericht und 1 fischgericht , beide mit blick auf das was dann geboten wird erheblich \u00fcberteuert ) , hat z. t. auch sehr nach fertigen produkten ausgesehen . auch die fleischfreien speisen absolut zu teuer , h\u00e4tte ich auch noch hin bekommen . spanischer ros\u00e9 ging , aber auch der war in bezug auf die qualit\u00e4t zu teuer . fazit : koerle & adam wird mich wohl nicht mehr sehen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super service , gany besonders schoene atmosphaere , absolut leckeres veganes^vegetarisches essen ! ! ! jederzeit immer und immer wieder preis leistungsverhaeltnis passt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein die alternative : wer fleischlos gl\u00fccklich werden will und dabei nicht auf gourmetanspr\u00fcche verzichten m\u00f6chte , ist hier richtig . personal und management sind hervorzuheben . bedienung zuvorkommend , informativ und offen f\u00fcr einen gegenseitigen positiven austauch ! das essen definitv anders im positiven sinne , vegan trifft kochkunst mit geschmack in vielfacher hinsicht . herausragend der nachtisch ! ! ! die weinkarte zeugt von einer kenntnis die man im allgemeinen in den meisten lokalen vermisst , sie spricht einfach f\u00fcr sich selber . wer wert auf qualitativ hochwertige produkte legt , merkt wie hoch die qualit\u00e4t ist . 7 sterne f\u00fcr die hauptgerichte . das ambiente nicht \u00fcberkandidelt aber ansprechend freundlich , einfach so das ein positives feeling aufkommt ! wer auf schischi ambiente wert legt sollt dort verkehren wo oberfl\u00e4chlchkeit und schein regieren . sauberkeit sauber und in ordnung !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr lecker , empfehlenswert und mein absoluter liebling . im sommer kann man sehr gem\u00fctlich drau\u00dfen sitzen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das k\u00f6rle und adam zeigt , dass man auch fantasievoll und \u00e4usserst lecker vegetarisch kochen kann ! wir waren letzten samstag zum ersten mal hier , aber bestimmt nicht zum letzten mal schon bei unserer ankunft waren wir von dem gem\u00fctlichen gartenrestaurant begeistert , in das wir von der freundlichen bedienung gef\u00fchrt wurden . die speisekarte bietet 3 vierg\u00e4nge-men\u00fcs , die man individuell zusammenstellen oder daraus ausw\u00e4hlen kann . alles klang super lecker , sodass schon die auswahl schwer fiel . wie entschieden uns f\u00fcr einen salat mit kr\u00e4uter-senfdressing und eine gazpacho , zum hauptgericht f\u00fcr buchweizen-sojak\u00fcchle und pfifferling-risotto . die gerichte selbst kamen z\u00fcgig hintereinander und waren schon optisch ein genuss ! der geschmack selbst war \u00e4usserst lecker , es wird mit vielen unterschiedlichen gew\u00fcrzen und kr\u00e4utern gekocht . der kr\u00f6nenden abschluss kam mit dem maracuja- und cassis-sorbet-eist\u00f6rtchen einfach himmlisch ! hier passt alles ! qualit\u00e4t , service , ambiente zu einem durchaus akzeptablen preis . gerne wieder !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just so good ! ! ! no explanation needed . great selection of wine and dessert . we had a great 3 hour long dinner ... relaxing , talking , eating ... !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "m\u00f6chtegern-gourmetlokal mit nicht angemessenem preisleistungsverh\u00e4ltnis , gute kritiken treffen nicht zu ! wir waren nun schon zum zweiten mal im koerle u. adam . das erste mal aufgrund guter gastrokritiken , das zweite mal , weil spontan essen gehen wollten u. andere lokale geschlossen waren . nur deshalb eine 2 . chance . schon beim ersten mal fanden wir das preisleistungsverh\u00e4ltnis nicht angemessen , kleine portionsgr\u00f6\u00dfe , kaum geschmack der speisen - dazu ein nicht besonders freundlicher service . die r\u00e4umlichkeiten sind ebenfalls nicht besonders ansprechend . stil ist etwas individuelles und geschmacksache , zumindest h\u00e4tte man den `` stil '' bei koerle durchziehen m\u00fcssen , aber so sieht alles etwas zusammengew\u00fcrfelt aus . der hinterhofgarten ist dunkel und h\u00e4sslich . es gibt wenig parkm\u00f6glichkeiten . aber das schlimmste hier : das essen schmeckt nicht u. ist zu teuer !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible experience . inspector missed a leak issues with my pool pump & filter costing me $ 2700 to repair . missed corrosion and mold starting to form in my attic by my ac unit costing me $ 6600 to repair . several electrical outlets were not working , rotten wood on my back gate , smoke detectors not assessed . home inspection only took 2 hours for a 1562 single story sq ft home . i did receive my money back , but that does not make up for all the money i had to spend repairing what was missed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have now used sunset home inspection for 2 homes i had purchased within the last 5 years + i had a close friend use sunset home inspection for their inspection to their full satisfaction . both inspection reports were very thorough and many items that i would have never known about were both mentioned and photographed in the inspection report . the inspector was very happy to explain the issues addressed and he was able to recommend either an what kind of specialist should come address it , or if it was something simple , what action i could take to fix it . the inspector had covered everything from the crawl space under the house to the underlayment under the tile roof . i quite literally would trust my house to sunset home inspection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used this company on multiple projects and can recommend them highly . the inspection reports are thorough and easy to read with great photos to support items mentioned . you can use this company with confidence !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my 2nd time using sunset home inspection . bernie is great and so patient . he saved me from buying a home the first time around that would have caused me trouble and money . this 2nd house , he was much more pleased with . he is a great advocate for the buyer . he will ensure you know what you r getting yourself into . thank you so much , bernie . i ca n't wait till i move into my new home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this little kitchi kitchen . 12 stools only . formica counters . open kitchen . big windows ! ! open wed-sun 8-3 for full eats . open other days for coffee and snacks . had the mama tata full lunch plate . cabbage roll , 4 perogies , kielbasa , coleslaw , pickle and under toasted rye . the best cabbage roll ever . some spice in it i just ca n't get a handle on . i did ask . but it 's ancient chinese secret . my lunch companion had polish breakie . 2 eggs , polish sausage ( tasted like a boiled hot dog ) and potato pancakes . no drinks . they did n't have decaf so i skipped . but they do have a wonderful espresso , cappuccino maker . only $ 2 for a latte . lunch was $ 22 taxes in plus $ 5 tip . only thing that i did n't like was a guy at stool near us talking politics ? to all of us . boring . ( and not their fault ) . will be back ! ! pictures posted of two plates , homemade goodness", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff and cozy space . the we had was amazing ! ! polish breakfast ( only $ 8 ) and it comes with two eggs , parowka ( polish weenie ) , two potato pancakes , polish bread . it was really good and filling , especially the potato pancakes . hungry tata 's lunch plate comes with one cabbage roll , one kielbasa , four perogies , sauerkraut , pickle and polish bread . it screams comfort food and it 's super delicious . you can taste the home made goodness ! we will be back for sure ! ! welcome to the hood ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a flat white while waiting to get a haircut next door ( the barber shop belongs to the same owner ) . excellent coffee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best perogies in leslieville ! my husband goes to the hastings barber shop for his haircuts and i always walk over with him just so i can go get some hand made perogies at the snack bar . my favourite ones are the mushroom and sauerkraut and the blueberry dessert perogies . so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little breakfast lunch counter ! polish food . amazing perogies . amazing . great eggs and potato pancakes . do yourself a favour and bring home one of their polish style donuts with the custard filling . beats a boston cream any day . glad this place exists . it is open after 10am . the owners are trying to change the hours in yelp - apparently a vestige of the old business . anyways - if you 're in leslieville , just go here . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is one of the best hidden gems in toronto . i discovered it a couple of weeks ago and have been there 3 times since . i would have come everyday if it were n't for the saving money thing . the place is super cozy and the reception is warm and friendly . this cute little polish diner makes you feel like you are at home in mom 's kitchen while you sit and watch her make her fabulous perogies entirely from scratch . i always leave feeling like i 've been welcomed and taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid place . polish food , well made . surprisingly light . light on the wallet too . not exactly mind blowing , just a well made breakfast . more like a polish lady marmalade , than a maha 's . nothing funky or fusion here . but good coffee and great service . a 3.5 star place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only tried the ham and cheese sandwich . it was fine . nothing special . it was panini pressed . but it was really just luncheon deli meat . they were n't serving their famous perogies or cabbage rolls on a tuesday . will have to return to try their other food !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very intimate and friendly . david does the drinks . great tea ! brilliant personality . the lady who served me was from poland as was the chef . both wonderful . i had breakfast , two eggs polish sausage potato patties ( homemade ) and rye bread . fantastic . i shall be going here very often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . polish flavour with the new owners . interesting menu , and very homely polish feel to it . $ 6 blt with cheese . panini style , not toasted . they are accommodating with menu items . i have to try the home-made strawberry perogies at some point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in while my boyfriend was getting his hair cut at the attached barber shop . the barista was super friendly and the vibe was really cool . the welcoming environment made me stay and sip my delicious $ 4 latte . cash only with machine inside . would definitely recommend the coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most amazing and cheap place for great breakfast . used to come here over 12 years ago when i was introduced to it as a tdsb student employee . the food has never left my mind . the western peameal omelette has been the same price and same great taste , even after 12 yrs of not tasting it ! i was glad i was able to find this place again after forgetting it 's location . yeah , the place looks run down , but it 's been around for 52 years with the humble and generous john leaving his doors open for the community . hours are 6-10 am so get in before the doors shut . rumour has it this may be his last year . would be sad to see him go . $ 6 for a triple decker peameal and egg sandwich ! still blows my mind . hiiiiiighly recommended and i 'm extremely critical of food joints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so delicious . homemade authentic polish food in a casual old school setting . i always have the mixed lunch place so i get a bit of everything . never disappoints . i 'm almost worried it will become too trendy and i 'll have to start waiting in line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing homemade perogies amazing cabbage rolls all so authentic great service small and quaint and cool modern retro interior renovation super cute and hip original best cappuccino ! and not overpriced i could keep going lol ca n't wait to return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . i recently moved near postnet and had to change my address to a box . the owners made the process very easy . the cost is exactly 1 2 of what i was paying for a box in scottsdale annually . even when i forget my keys they always open my box with a pleasent smile . i have brought computers and external hard drives in to be repaired . each and every time the results have been explained to me thoroughly . the charges for repairs have been very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a small world . i was told by an art collector in scottsdale az that i can get my expensive artworks ship in north scottsdale az with custome crating and freight shipping at reasonable price , which you ca n't find anywhere with other big shipping center . so i decided to drive miles from s. chandler up to postnet in n. scottsdale to see it myself . in turns out they are owned by the brothers of this postnet . no wonder they offer the same great quality services . you can see my other review about the n. scottsdale postnet , but i am glad that i have both trusted locations to get my shipment done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we started ordering from this location when our office was based out of mesa , now we are located in san antonio texas and dallas texas and still have the best service from this location ! we have tried a couple postnets in our area but none of them give us the amazing customer service and accuracy as this one ! we will pay the extra shipping for great attitudes and wonderful service ! thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is incredible ! it 's the people that make it wonderful . i shipped off some important paperwork to another country and they were so nice and saved me money ! they also saved me money on notarizing paperwork . i told my husband , who ships to another country often to go back there to ship a package . the owner told him that it would cost him a lot more to ship from his location versus the post office . amazing ! it is very expensive and we ship often , so for a small business owner to sacrafice profits to save us money is incredible . i will be using this postnet as often as possible . i ca n't say enough great things about these two owners , just remarkable ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! had an old file on microsoft works ! and they were able to print it and very well priced .", "score": "5"}
